The original Corningware cookware has n't been manufactured since the late '90 's after the brand was sold to another company .
The original could be used on top of the stove , under the broiler , and in the freezer .
The new company altered the cookware and eliminated the flameware properties and begin production of the Corningware products that we have today .
According to the Corningware website , these products can still be placed in the freezer , but are not to be used on the stovetop or under the broiler .
However , the use and care guide for this dish does not mention anything about freezer use or from freezer to oven use .
It says pretty much that the Corningware stoneware bakeware can be used for baking , serving , and re-heating food .
I intend to go by the instructions in the guide and not use mine in the freezer .
I just bought the 1 1/2 & 2 1/2 oval baking dishes .
I also have the au gratins , and the round souffle French White dishes , which I have had about 6 years .
Being curious about the comments about the coarse and gritty ridge piece under the bottom of the oval dishes , I took a peek and saw that it 's just an unglazed piece of ceramic that is probably there for heat diffusion or to prevent the bottom of the dish from getting scratched up , maybe both .
The unglazed piece is not gritty and certainly not rough enough to scratch up countertops and tables .
Mine are n't anyway .
Having said all of that , I really like my Corningware pieces , and I think they perform very well for their intended purpose as bakeware .
My older pieces are still like new , free from chips or rough edges .
I always spray mine with a little cooking spray before using them so even baked on cheese is easy to remove .
I bought the plastic and glass lids , which have to be purchased separately , unless buying a set , so I could have the glass one for baking use , and the plastic one when storing the food in the fridge .
If interested in ceramic bakeware that can be used in the oven as well as under the broiler then this is not the cookware to purchase .
The Emile Henry and Le Crueset lines would be better suited to meet those needs .
For those looking for bakeware that can be taken from the oven to the table at an affordable price , then I recommend the Corningware line which includes a variety of pieces , sets , and colors to choose from .
