I like this air pot for 4 reasons , but do n't like it for 5 also. .
Like it for :
1.)
Capacity 3.0 Liters
2.)
nice 360 degrees swivel action , for people in the front , people in the back , people on the sides - can just swivel and fill .
3.) large Base makes it less prone to tip over .
4.)
Glass interior - Makes me more comfortable that there are no plastic toxins or general metal that could be adding other toxins to my drink .
Do n't like it for :
1.)
Short - Makes it hard to maneuver larger cups , especially , when you have a drip catcher under the nozzle , to catch falling drips .
( not included in package , its just something we put under ours , so that the coffee does n't drip onto the table after someone filling their cups )
2.)
The push button design - To get the coffee , you need to push down on the top center button , which depresses lower , place the wrist/hand at inconvenient positions ( A raised lever is much easier to use - especially , if you have the other hand holding something else , you can just use your karate chop action , while your other hand is holding the cup that is getting filled - making sure it does n't spill all over . )
3.)
The lock - It 's too easy switch it in the lock/unlock positions and also hard to find , if someone is unfamiliar with it .
( which is , on the push dispenser button , it just turns from 12 o'clock to 11 o'clock ( 5 degrees ) and its locked and unlocked . )
4.)
Cleaning - Is a B__ __. .
The hole is only about , maybe 2 inches in diameter. .
I ca n't fit anything down there to scrub around if necessary .
So as far as cleaning . . I 've just been using mine for coffee , and completely filling it with scorching water - when not in use .
And swishing soap in there , every other time after use .
I think about , maybe using some vinegar/water mixture may help too. .
5.)General design - For some reason , when this Air Pot is sat next to other air pots , this one is neglected , and chosen over , by the taller/push down lever models .
I could probably talk more about this pot , and if you read this entire review , I 'm impressed .
Sorry - if I bored anyone else to sleep.
But to conclude , I would n't buy this model again .
This model , was actually kinda pricey as well - I would sacrifice the capacity , and buy 2 other ones , with the levers .
