First , Amazon carries this item under a variety of names at any given time .
As long as the model number is mentioned ( HWM-2030 ) , the item is one and the same , whether it 's called " Honeywell Warm Mist Humidifier " or " Honeywell Enviracaire Warm Mist Humidifier " or something else entirely .
The two items will arrive in slightly different packaging , but the contents are precisely the same .<p>Previously ,
I purchased a cool-mist humidifier from a department store , but returned it within a few weeks .
Cool-mist humidifiers work by sucking up water into a wick/filter , and then mechanically dispersing the water with some kind of fan-like device .
This creates a few problems - the cool-mist humidifier is SO loud .
Think of running a heavy-duty fan on high !
Also , the wick/filter started to become covered with some kind of brown stuff after a week or so , and per instructions , it would need to be changed pretty often .
I said , no thanks .<p>HWM-2030
warm-mist humidifier addressed the issues I had with the cool-mist one .
First , it is very quiet .
If you bring your ear very close to it , it sounds like a lit gas range - a low hissing .
Once in a while it gurgles when water moves from the tank into the heating unit , but the cool-mist humidifier did that too .
Second , there is no wick/filter to clean or replace because warm-mist humidifiers distill the water in the process .
Some say that cleaning warm-mist humidifiers is more difficult , but this is not the case with the HWM-2030 .
The entire thing is basically composed of four parts - the water tank ( never needs cleaning ) , the actual machinery ( never needs cleaning ) , the base ( may need occasional cleaning ) , and the removable tray , where the water is actually evaporated .
The removable tray is the only thing that needs to be cleaned , but it 's ( ! ) removable , and small , and just a piece of cake to clean .
It gets dirty with gunk that falls off the heating element , and the heating element itself may need to be scrubbed eventually ( it 's like a fat coil ) , but it 's accessible , so it should be no problem .<p> I
was very pleased with the features of the item .
The 3-gallon tank is very large , and can definitely last overnight on a high setting .
There is a high and low setting , which differ in the amount of steam they spit out .
There is also a continuous humidity level setting , which will turn the humidifier off and on to maintain your desired humidity level , thus saving electricity and money .
If the humidifier runs out of water , and you are not around ( or asleep) , it will turn itself off and the "refill " light will go on - very convenient .
There are two handles on the water tank - one of the top , to allow you to carry it and place it into the unit , and one on the bottom , to allow you to hold it while filling up .
There is a medicine cup for liquid medicines used with a steam vaporizer or warm humidifier .<p>The
only thing I liked better about the returned cool-mist humidifier was the actual mist .
It was completely invisible , but the air coming out of the cool-mist humidifier was cool and moist .
The air coming out of the HWM-2030 is just like the water vapor generated when you boil a pot of water - visible , and warm .
Somehow the cool mist just felt better to me ... but I 'm willing to compromise on this one point , especially considering how quiet the HWM-2030 is compared to the returned cool-mist humidifier .
