Tropical is not a word that comes to mind when thinking about Boston in the winter ( although , with the magic of global warming , it may not be so far off... ) .
One thing that has been very difficult for us the past few years has been the dryness of the winter months with the associated dry nose , throat and eyes .
We bought a Venta Airwasher and , I must confess , this is largely a waste of money .
It 's well-intentioned , but just did n't really add much moisture to the air .
At the same time , the Venta was very expensive to buy and expensive to operate needing lots of additive .
As one reviewer put it : " Holy mother of G*d ! $ 439 and for what ? ! "
That about sums up our experience with the Venta ...
So , as per usual I spent days and days reading about humidifiers and learning that , basically , they all have craptacular aspects , but a few emerged as really promising .
One of them was the Vornado , which a friend has and enjoys .
We really liked the design and the technology of this unit , but found that for a little bit more , we could pull trigger on the Bemis 4D7 800 Digital Evaporative Humidifier w/ AirCare® Filter .
The main differences we could see were that the Bemis had a bigger capacity for taking care of our whole house basically in the same way as the Vornado , and with a few added features :
* Disperse up to 13 gallons of water per day over 2700 square feet of space .
* Holds up to 5.5 gallons of water .
* Continuously variable fan speed setting with quiet night-time setting .
* Digital Control Panel
* Automatic humidistat maintains optimum humidity level .
* Removable power pack simplifies cleaning .
* Concealed control panel maintains the clean , smooth lines of the unit .
So , I hooked it up and put it in our foyer and it seems to be doing a good job .
It 's a nice machine , pretty clean lines and goes well with the house .
It is BIG , however , and it 's like having a radiator in that room now , but the space was sort of dead anyways , so it 's no great loss .
One key thing , however , is that , just like the Vornado , it makes the GLUG GLUG GLUG sound from time to time , which is taking some getting used to...
In my search , NO humidifier is perfect--they all have a number of flaws .
This unit seems to be among the best in that it does a good job adding humidity to the air ( but not over-doing it as some complain with warm-mist humidifiers ) and is fairly easy to clean .
In sum , this is an excellent humidifier that is well-made and does its job admirably .
Recommended .
