Dust has not always been my enemy , but I got tired of it and decided to do something about it .
I really dislike sanding dust , especially from dry-wall mud .
I tried various shop vacs , wearing them out while wondering if the noise was better than the dust .
Porter Cable to the rescue .
I bought their first shop vacuum when it came out perhaps 15 years ago .
It is still going strong , although I can no longer buy parts ( or bags ) for it .
That old model had a few design faults , as the plastic attachment holders would last for only a day or so , but mine is still running strong , and the filter is still working .
However , I needed to get a new model so I could buy bags .
The old model works pretty well without bags for wood sanding dust and cleaning the shop , but dry-wall dust needs bags .
Porter-Cable 7812 10 Gallon 1-1/2 Horsepower Tool-Start Wet/Dry Vacuum
So Amazon to the rescue , as they had a great price on the new models of the Porter Cable vacuums .
And now I get to use bags again .
I buy them six at a time , and use them for all the dry dust I am picking up , not just dry-wall mud .
The nasty stuff is easy to dispose of without making a mess .
And I can convert from dry to wet and back to dry quickly when needed .
The filter stays clean far longer , and since I am not handling the filter as much , it lasts longer .
So get a Porter Cable shop vacuum and buy the bags .
The vacuum is quieter than most , there are two sizes , it turns on with your sander , there are great Porter Cable sanders that work with it , the end of the hose can be quickly changed to fit the tool dust port , and the attachment holders now work and do n't easily break .
Oh , and it does what vacuums should : pick up dust and keep it in the vacuum , not spew it back out into the air .
It shows when the bag or container is full .
It must be pretty hard to crush the hose , as I have not been able to do it .
The Fein vacuums are a little quieter , but there are other trade-offs .
It is still a great vacuum company .
Here is a link : Fein 9-55-13 Turbo II 9-1/2 Gallon 1-1/3 Horsepower Wet/Dry Vacuum with Auto-Start ) .
I also strongly recommend them .
