I will admit that when I initially added this mixer to my Christmas list I was as intrigued by this product for its looks as it 's usefulness .
After using it for four years the latter has been what has maintained my loyalty the most .
When I first received this mixer I enjoyed cooking , but did not do so avidly .
Since then I have found that this product has so many uses that it has pushed me to be more daring in the kitchen .
I have found it has performed consistently well whether I am making cake batter , bread dough , and everything in between .
The power of this mixer was not something I initially considered when I requested it , but something that I appreciate now that I am working with stiffer substances like homemade marshmallows .
Even though this mixture , when lukewarm , becomes very thick my mixer was able to whip it without problem .
I also enjoy that there are many attachments you can purchase to expand the usefulness of your mixer .
I received the ice cream maker attachment a couple of Christmases ago and find it works great .
Since I also live in a small condo I appreciate that the attachments take up less space than if you had to buy separate appliances for each task .
The bowls and attachments are also very easy to clean .
Since day one I have been putting them in the dishwasher ( top rack for the dough hook , paddle attachment , whisk and splatter guard ) and have found that they clean up easily and maintain their durability .
This is something I appreciate because when you are dirtying a lot of dishes anything that must be hand washed means extra time and frustration .
The looks and style of this product are now less important to me than they were when I initially purchased it , but still a bonus .
I love that there are so many pink products on the market both from Kitchenaid and other manufacturers , making it easy to coordinate in my kitchen .
Overall this is a great mixer that definitely lives up to its reputation .
All of the women in my family who enjoy to cook own one and we have found them not only to be useful , but to also stand the test of time .
I highly recommend this mixer .
