I just moved into an apartment with a new synthetic carpet that sheds like a pack of afghan hounds ; it choked my bagless vacuum in under a minute .
I needed a sturdy , no-frills , bagged vacuum like the Montgomery Ward upright I used for over 20 years before it died .
This model was almost identical , and now that I 've had it for a few weeks , I 'm happy as a clam .
It has an old-fashioned rotating brush/beater roller , 5 carpet height adjustments , great suction for 5 amps , and comes pre-fitted with a humongous disposable liner bag ( type F&G ) , plus a spare belt for the roller .
Some parts that used to be steel have been replaced with thick plastic , but it seems plenty sturdy , and it 's much lighter to maneuver and carry than my old all-steel model .
The on/off button and lock/unlock for the handle are both on the base , so they 're foot controls ; carpet height is adjusted by a dial on the front of the base .
The long cord ( 20 feet or so ) does n't retract , you just wind it over hooks on the handle .
The spring-attached fabric bag has a full-length zipper , inside which the disposable bag ( which fills the cover from end to end ) slides on with another spring .
Quick , simple .
One pass with this puppy picked up enough carpet fluff missed by the bagless to knit a throw rug , but there 's still plenty of room left for future dirt .
It 's also a lot less noisy than my smaller bagless .
The only qualm I had in buying this was the lack of attachments for cleaning upholstery & suchlike , but I found an inexpensive accessory kit made for it ( crevice tool , round dust brush , upholstery brush , extension tubes , looooong flexible hose ) right here on Amazon : the " Electrolux Home Care 60E 6-Piece Deluxe Tool Set , " so my joy is complete .
Though the image on this page looks rather green , the vacuum is actually jet black , and the bag is a black-white-red random print .
It comes in a flat box , minor assembly required .
Highly recommended for those who remember how good the old vacuums were , do n't want to spend a fortune just to clean their carpets , or are into retro styling .
