Everything about this vacuum makes me think it 's junk .
When will these manufacturers learn that consumers are craving a better-made shop vacuum ?
It is at the point now that I must be careful when I choose to vacuum because this thing just puts me in such a foul mood .
It is just such a piece of garbage that I want to drive over it with my truck and then burn what 's left .
Like almost every other shop vacuum manufacturer , the friction fit attachments , wand , and hose require Atlas-like strength to stay together .
If you dont force them together , they simply come apart at the worst possible moment .
Oh , I could count a million times this has happened to me .
Recently , my wife was kind enough to clean my shop while I was away .
Her first comment was " That shop vac is a real piece of crap .
Now I know why it makes you so grumpy ! "
Let 's not forget the wheels either .
Even the wheels are junk .
Will these manufacturers ever learn to make a shop vac that can roll over its own power cord ?
When the wheels hit the cord , the whole unit comes to an abrupt halt ; often pulling the hose apart from the wand ( see above ) .
Then you have to go back to the vacuum , spin it off the cord , and reassemble any parts that have come off .
The most used but least effective tool on the unit is the floor sweeper .
Why oh why do they put the bristle part in front of the vacuum area on this fitting ?
It just makes the attachment spread the dirt .
Honestly now , does this company ever try to use their own product ?
I doubt it .
The hose on these units are such a joke .
Its like pulling a Slinky around the shop .
The hoses are cheap and flimsy .
Give the hose a slight tug and the shop vac does nothing .
Give it a firm tug and it comes racing at you like greased lightning .
Look out !
Then there 's the filter issue .
It clogs too easily .
The only time you have real suction is when the filter is first cleaned .
Within 5 minutes of use , more than half of the suction power is gone .
And lastly , there is a serious noise issue .
A shop vac will make you deaf .
The high pitch whine ( even with the overpriced "muffler " ) drives an annoying sound through rooms , up stairs , and into your neighbor 's house .
There are no good options for shop vacs .
The Ridgid , Craftsman , and Shop Vac units are all the same .
Each is junk .
Save your money and buy a good quality broom and dust pan .
Sweeping is fast , simple , and far less frustrating .
