I bought this vacuum for use in my garage .
I do little DIY jobs here and there , and I 'm trying to get into woodworking , so I needed a vac to clean up the sawdust and miscellaneous mess .
I looked at reviews on vacuums in woodworking magazines , but could n't justify paying for the super high dollar vacs .
Also , my father had a Shop-Vac while I was growing up that worked fine , so I did n't think I could go too wrong .<br> But
I was mistaken .
This is an expensive unit , and one of its draws is the auto function that allows you to plug a power tool into it and have the vac turn on when you fire up the tool .
That part works .
But it does n't shut itself off when you turn off the sander , saw , etc .
When you have to fumble for the vac power switch after using the tool , I 'm not sure you 've saved yourself a whole lot by not having to fumble for it right before using it .
But this is not my biggest gripe .<br>The
biggest problem with this vac is it has little power and is easily clogged up .
The other day I spilled some granulated lawn fertilizer on my garage floor .
When I went to vacuum it up , this Shop-Vac sucked it up--but only as far as the hose ; the fertilizer never made it to the vacuum .
I had to detach the hose and empty the fertilizer out into a gargage can .
Afterwards I went around my shop vacuuming up sawdust and small debris .
I could go about two minutes between having to pull apart the hose extensions or pull the hose straight to dislodge small ( about 3/4 " ) wood chips that had plugged up the vac.
This Shop-Vac has only worked for me when I was vacuuming up dry sawdust containing absolutely no woodchips , no matter how small .
Even then the attachments seem more suited for cleaning out the crevices in the seats of a car than for vacuuming up sawdust coating a garage floor .
<br>The vacuum 's power cord is long , which could be a benefit , but I find it too long for use in my 1-1/2 car garage ; the vac just trips up over its own cord .
The vacuum hose also is long , but readily coils up , pinching off the vacuum and killing off the suction .
The hose is also inconvenient to store on the vac itself .
Also , I think a larger diameter hose might be a big improvement , but then I would think the vac would need more power to accommodate .
<br>This has been a big disappointment , unlike some other tools I have obtained for my shop , such as my Porter-Cable circular saw and DeWalt router combo kit .
It 's bad enough that this tool does n't work very well ; it 's made only worse that it cost so much to boot .
