In his latest book , Hog Pilots , Blue Water Grunts , Robert D. Kaplan picks up where he left off with his last book , Imperial Grunts : On the Ground with the American Military .
This book is a travel log of sorts , taking the reader along on a nearly two-year journey that Kaplan experienced before things began to get better for the American military in Iraq-and worse in Afghanistan .
I was amazed at how much we actually do not know about our country 's military deployments and how widespread the front lines in the Global War on terrorism actually are .
Kaplan leads off this exploit with a deployment in Niger with a Marine unit that is in this poor African country to help in any simple way they can .
Medical supplies , basic training , and American moral support all add up to a short vignette starring a small group of regular guys in a poverty-stricken country doing everything they can to make life just a little bit better for their hosts .
From Niger , the odyssey continues through a variety of locales that range from the jungles of Thailand to the frozen tundra of Alaska and on to the thin air of Nepal .
Kaplan visits Mosul , Iraq , where the situation has improved so dramatically that he barely recognizes the city he left a little over a year before .
He spends time on a U.S. Navy destroyer in the Pacific , preparing for the future challenges our Navy will face with the growing expeditionary navy of Communist China .
Kaplan is a journalist , being such , the writing is excellent and his observations are striking .
U.S. military might is deployed all across the globe today as you read this , trying to make a difference as only a volunteer force of a democratic country can do .
This is an excellent book .
Each stop on Kaplan 's tour is its own chapter .
This allows the reader to stop often and reflect on the experience the writer has just described .
Hog Pilots , Blue Water Grunts is eye-opening in so many regards that it is actually hard to get into words everything that is included
Armchair Interviews says : Read this book to understand our country 's commitments to bettering the world and seeing to it that our shores stay safe .
