Take one lovely lady with extrasensory skills , add a wildly attractive alpha male detective , throw in a brutal serial killer and you have the makings of an interesting storyline .
Author Linda Howard has a long history of creating original , often riveting , plots in the police procedural/paranormal genre( s ) .
Marlie Keen is an "empath . "
" She feels others ' emotions so much so that an ordinary drive on a crowded street could make her scream from frustration ...with all these feelings and thoughts bombarding her from every direction . "
Marlie often discussed her paranormal abilities with her mentor and friend , Professor Sterling Ewell , head of the Institute of Parapsychology in Bolder CO.
Marlie , an exceptionally sensitive "empath " had been tested since she was four years-old .
As she got older , with the help of professionals like Professor Ewell , Marlie learned to "block transmissions " so she could function in society .
Because she is so sensitive , Marlie has the ability , sometimes , to find people , those who are lost or have been abducted .
Six years before this novel begins , there was a series of child kidnappings in Washington State , where Marlie lived .
One child had been found dead and two were missing .
The local sheriff asked for Marlie 's assistance .
Just as she agreed to help , another little boy went missing .
Unfortunately the denouement was lethal and traumatic beyond words , as the psycho targeted the psychic , as well as murdered the boy before her eyes .
Marlie escaped with her life , barely .
She retreated to the Institute of Parapsychology to recover , as much as she possibly could , but is left with recurring nightmares .
They will probably never disappear completely , no matter how many years pass .
Marlie eventually left the Institute to live in an isolated cabin in the Rockies .
Much later , when she felt that she could function again , she moved to Orlando , Florida , the setting for " Dream Man . "
She works in a quiet accounting office and keeps to herself , both professionally and socially .
She believes that the trauma she suffered six years before had impacted her paranormal abilities in such a way , as to impair them altogether .
Perhaps she no longer has the cursed second sight as she has not experienced psychic episodes since her tragic experience in Washington .
Marlie actually feels good now , at peace with her daily routine ...until ...
While driving home one night , Marlie experiences what feels like a powerful seizure .
She is able to pull off the road before she loses consciousness .
She experiences a violent murder , as seen through the killer 's eyes .
A state trooper finds her in bad shape and follows her home , as she insists she can drive .
She collapses inside her front door .
Dane Hollister is a detective with the Orlando PD.
Yep , he 's the alpha male Bigtime ! !
He is all business , a good cop but a real hard-nose , and he does n't believe in the tooth fairy , Santa Claus or psychics .
Hollister is the chief investigator , along with his partner Alejandro Trammell , on the case of a sadistic serial killer - the one Marlie is linked to .
When Marlie goes to the police to report her vision - she feels it is her responsibility to do so , even though she knows she is placing herself in an extremely vulnerable position - she is mocked by Detective Hollister , who not only thinks Marlie is a loonie , but thinks she might be a suspect in the case .
Otherwise how else would she know the most minute detail of the crime scene ?
There 's mega-chemistry between the two .
And Hollister is both drawn to and repelled by Marlie .
The sexual tension heightens between Marlie and Dane as does the pressure to catch the killer as he escalates the violence with each of his episodes .
" Dream Man " is a paranormal thriller , filled with mystery and suspense .
It is also an unusual love story .
Included here is an issue involving betrayal , which caught me off-guard and left me thinking - something I usually do not do after reading a book of this kind .
Since this is a genre novel , I highly recommend it to fans of this type of literature , and to Linda Howard fans in particular .
She is at her best here ...well almost her best .
Nothing can top " Son of the Morning , " my all time favorite ! !
Jana Perskie
Son of the Morning
