David Macaulay is known for his architectural books : Pyramid , Castle , and City : a Story of Roman Planning and Construction and their accompanying videos .
However , this Caldecott winner is a demonstration of that soaring Macaulay imagination !
Macaulay posts this warning right on the title page : " This book appears to contain a number of stories that do not necessarily occur at the same time .
Then again , it may contain only one story .
In any event , careful inspection of both words and pictures is recommended . "
I 'll say this at the beginning : As a children 's librarian , I would never read or show this to a class .
There is no way to explain this complicated , interconnected book of four stories that run into and out of each other .
Here is how they look .
There are four stories on the two adjoining pages with two stories per page .
Each story has predominant colors of blue , green , brown , and black and white .
Colors and patterns spill and slip from one story to the next , but the thrust of the story is done in black and white .
It must be noted that Macaulay is NOT saying that everything is black and white .
Oh no!
If anything he is saying that everything is NOT black and white , but he uses black and white , both words and pictures , to say it .
What I just wrote in that last sentence gives a sense of the story .
It is brilliantly creative !
I had a special story time with some gifted students last year , second graders .
They had so much fun with this book .
I had to get them started on "reading " the pictures ( this is a picture book with narrative on each story block ) , but once they caught on , they rip-roared with the story ! !
Remember the admonition to stay in the lines and not think outside the box .
David Macaulay failed that class because he both colors outside the lines--literally--and his characters get outside their cartoon boxes and into each other 's boxes .
The story is one big paean to imagination , creativity , whimsy , flight of fancy , freedom to explore , and freedom to see the Big Picture .
Wow , this is one great book .
Every child should own it !
I certainly do !
