MUST READ REVIEW : The Free Speech Haters ( lefties ) have deleted this review Twice .
Robert Reich , was Bill Clintons scariest appointment .
His ideology , ergo his politics has been the of the most extreme left of any Bill Clinton 's appointments .
And some may argue that he some of the most extreme viewpoints of ANY high level appointment .
Robert Reich and his ilk were very happy when from the 1940 's - 1980 , radical lefties was setting the public agenda .
All items were in play , courts were stacked and extremist 's legislatures abdicated their law making ability to the courts .
The executive branch simply turned a blind eye when radical lefties created a false impression that they were supporting the constitution when in fact they were and still are systematically undermining it .
Left-Wing views that were on the fringe of the Democratic Party in the Sixties and Seventies are now center stage .
These views , being forwarded by people like Reich , Dean , Kerry and Feingold , seem accepted as normal .
Left Wingers - control the media , academia , the sciences , think-tanks , and for most of the last century the executive , judicial and legislative branch .
Republicans were demoralized , but the pendulum has finally begun to swing the other way .
People are finally getting fed up with the extremist left who is arrogantly opposed to honest intellectual debate for they are fervently certain that they are correct in all matters .
Their disdain for discourse and for anybody who challenges them is extant .
But the worst part is that radical lefties are uncivil to the extreme .
They fill the public airwaves and bookstores with nastiness .
Listen to Air America or watch a Michael Moore DVD.
Read their editorials and you will find vicious vituperative attacks .
Open a leftist political best-seller and you find more mean spirited screeds .
Extremist lefties , RAD-COMS ( Radical Communists ) typically reduce political debate to nonsensical statements that seem to be making point but are nothing but vague and angry assertions , unsupported by facts .
But what we 're now witnessing is something far more corrosive of civic life than normal political vitriol : It 's viciousness directed toward anyone holding a view other than the prevailing elitist left-wing propaganda .
Insults also calculated to belittle and ridicule entire groups or judged to be different are part of the divisive wedge that lefties like to play in hurting the cohesiveness of the nation .
The Conservative tradition values free speech and debate .
No one should be deterred from speaking his or her mind for fear of offending some group .
Lefties are opposed to this idea , the shouting down of Ann Coulter the attacks on Christians , etc , etc . Are all handiworks of the left .
It is their mean-spirited trash talk that fills their protégée 's with this HATE and ANGER of anybody not like them .
I 'm sorry Mr. Reich , I used to be one of these lefties , and I know the condescension with which I was taught to look at people on the right .
The attacking of American Citizens rather than ideas , the smearing of whole segments of society for some perceived ills against our ideology .
This is leftism at its base .
Fear and Hate driven .
No.
Mr. Reich it will be a sad day when you and your type WIN America .
People are waking up , they are realizing that the great Democratic Party of yesteryear has been hijacked by Radicals .
Your book speaks about morals but you never discuss where the morals come from .
Conservative position comes from a bedrock of factual and historical facts .
They are a clear-eyed view of where America is and where we need to go .
Your left wing morals come from a modernist philosophy , blown by the wind and proven to be a disaster .
You biggest moral imperative is to BLAME others but that is what happens when you are ideologically based rather than historically and fact based .
I could go on and on , but MR.
Reich , I used to be on the left .
But the divisiveness , hate , anger , name-calling , utter compliance with leadership , no dissention , no debate , and supreme arrogance drove me away .
Once one is away and in the middle you look at the two competing political thoughts and it is scary , very scary to see what you once were .
Mr. Reich , I am not an automaton , and that is what you need to usher in your America .
What the conservatives need , is open honest debate , free speech , and equal time .
You have a fight on your hands , one that I am hoping for my children 's sake that you lose .
