This is a beautifully written memoir from the doctor you wish was yours .
The book 's subtitle perfectly captures the substance of this book : "one doctor 's reflections on the oddly intimate encounters between patient and healer . "
If you 've ever wondered what a doctor is thinking as he or she examines patients , here 's your chance to eavesdrop .
In story after story , you get a taste of the life 's richness -- from the joy of learning a self-diagnosis is not nearly as dire as the actual problem to the tragedy of a beautiful young girl who keeps coming back to the hospital because her boyfriend refuses to admit he 's got a STD , from the gripping story of a patient reliving his WWII experience coming upon a concentration camp before it was widely known such camps existed to the mystery of a medical student injuring herself essentially for the attention .
You see it all this richness through the eyes of a doctor who has a poet 's sensitivity and fluency with language .
Here 's an example of the beautiful prose throughout this book : " My stethoscope glides over the surface of the abdomen like a stone skipping over a flexible sheen of water , listening first , not to disturb the delicate organs huddled and hiding below . "
The doctor also has a great sense of humor .
Here 's what happens when the father of one of his hopital staff nurses arrives at this office :
We 've got a problem , my reception says .
Yes , I say .
He was n't suppoed to come today .
Not that , she says .
He 's HMO.
HMO.
HMO.
Poor bastard .
Sick with restrictions .
( I typed out those lines pretty much as they are appear in the book -- the good doctor leaves out lots of the typical punctuation that accompanies dialog , which sometimes makes you wonder who 's speaking .
But surprisingly the light punctuation style works well overall by helping to seemlessly blend the interior and spoken dialog . )
Doctors face life and death everyday , a vantage point few of us have in our too-busy-to-slow-down lives .
And while this book is not a didactic or prescriptive "here 's how you should think about life " book , its stories naturally make you think about your own outlook and approach towards living .
The jacket cover says Dr. Watts is a regular commentator on NPR and indeed some of these stories are based on his NPR contributions .
Reading them definitely makes me want to search the NPR archives as well as tune in for his next broadcasts .
