There 's a lot of interesting history dredged up in Andrew Hussey 's " Paris , the Secret History" , a blood drenched , often gripping account of the glittering world capital that offsets the glamorous and polished image the very name evokes .
Having recently visited both London and Paris , I purchased this book , along with " London : the Biography " by Peter Ackroyd .
I had attempted , without success , to get through Ackroyd 's biography of Shakespeare , but decided to read his London book first , hoping for better results .
Ackroyd is a very highly regarded writer , so I can only assume that either I 'm missing something or am sorely lacking the intelligence required to enjoy his tomes .
There are passages of great wit to be found in " London" , to be sure , and also chapters that began interestingly enough , but somehow , for me , seemed to get bogged down in dry , almost academic , prose that caused my eyes to glaze over , making me want to sling the book across the room .
Fortunately , the Paris book by Andrew Hussey does n't present the same problem .
As a matter of fact , the book moves quickly forward from the city 's ancient history through various wars and conflicts , ending up in the present day .
Along the way , we are variously entertained and repulsed by a colorful and , often outrageous cast of real-life characters who are so vividly described that it 's hard to believe that they actually existed .
And the trials and trepidations faced by everyday Parisians , particularly during the time of the French Revolution through the second World War , are horrific and heart-rending .
The most negative comment I have about this book is that there seems to be an undercurrent of thinly veiled homophobia present throughout .
Maybe homophobia is too strong a word , but there have been notable ( sometimes notorious ) gay men and women intimately involved in the long , eventful history of Paris , and the author is clearly uncomfortable with this subject , most especially regarding homosexual males .
There are passages where his disdain , as well as his distaste , is evident .
This added a somewhat sour note to a book that is , otherwise , fascinating , well-researched , and , in most cases , well-written .
