It seems that the weight-loss limelight has shifted yet again , this time to the " cardio = death " end of the spectrum .
Twenty years ago , cardiovascular exercise was the gold standard , touted by everyone from doctors to celebrities as THE way to get in shape .
Now , as Jim Karas would have you believe , it 's the enemy of the obese .
Though the author makes some sound arguments in this book about the critcial need for resistance training for healthy weight loss , he needlessly vilifies cardio exercise and further adds to the informational morass that confronts the public in regards to exercise and fitness .
The idea that cardio is a "muscle-wasting " activity first gained traction among the sociopathic bodybuilder crowd .
This idea was pioneered by the kinds of people who sequestered themselves in cult-like gyms , training maniacally and injecting themselves with synthetic testosterone and anything else they believed might help them gain even the tiniest bit of muscle mass .
It 's an interesting idea , but it 's sadly lacking empirical evidence to back it up .
What research has shown is that the most effective training programs for losing fat and preserving lean body mass combine weight training , cardio , and a clean diet that creates a caloric deficit .
One study published in the Journal of the American College of Nutrition ( Effects of Resistance vs. Aerobic Training Combined with an 800 Calorie Liquid Diet on Lean Body Mass and Resting Metabolic Rate , Vol . 18 , No. 1 , 115-121 ( 1999) ) showed that weights + cardio preserved muscle even when caloric intake was severely restricted in the study subjects .
The bottom line is that weight training is critical for preserving lean body mass during a fat-loss program .
Cardio exercise , however , is also necessary for burning additional calories beyond what one can accomplish strictly through weight training .
The health benefits of cardio are also well documented , and Karas 's efforts to cast it as unhealthy come off like the pathetic musings of someone who hates doing his cardio .
High-effort training that combines weights and cardio is the scientifically proven way to healthy fat loss .
The " cardio-free diet " is more of an attention-grabbing ploy than the true path to optimal fat loss .
