There is more to receiving God 's blessings than meets the eye .
The blessings of God are greater than words .
I 've learned and I 'm continuing to learn that there is indeed a process ( before you 're even aware of it ) that takes place ( in you ) before a manifestation of God 's blessing is handed down .
The beauty is it 's God who gives the blessings , but also it 's God who enables us not only to extend our hand to receive the blessing , but it 's also God who enables us to open that same hand .
As God opens our hand to receive His blessings He also prepares us , prepares our heart , our emotions , and our abilities ( in advance ) to handle the opposition , the resentment , the rejection and the pain that comes from friends , family , church members , and yes , even the saints of God .
You see so many people ( Christians , and non-Christians alike ) want the blessing , but are they first in love with the giver of the blessing , the Sovereign One ?
It is through reading this book ( Can You Stand to be Blessed ) that I 'm reminded of the organization and the turn of events , that take place while in the process of being , " BEING PROCESSED FOR GOD 'S BLESSING . "
<p>Once Again , T.D. Jakes , Thanks for sharing what either our parents , aunts , and uncles did n't know , or perhaps they just did n't know how to share on being a receiver of God 's blessings .
I will continue to pass on the gift of learning , and sharing not only just the blessings of God , but also the preparation process .
<p> I 've been on a blessing journey for quite a while .
I 'm on the way , and yes there are some good times along the way , however , there are also some not so good times .
The truth , the truth must be shared .
The blessings of God are available but " Can You Stand to be Blessed " is the question .
<p>You Can Stand to be Blessed , but you must n't nor will the Father allow you to miss the process .
Oh God cares for us soooo much , that every step in His process will be completed to His satisfaction before we are allowed to move on .<p>T.D. Jakes , I continue lifting you up in the hearing of the Father , believing that God continues to sharpen your hearing of His voice as you continue to share the Father 's heart with the people .
<p>You too continue being able , and willing to " Stand to be Blessed "
