This book is okay ; it provides all of the basic information on pregnancy and would be sufficient if you were interested in a minimal level of information .
I found the book to be very easy to read , and very straightforward , but a little superficial .
The appropach to many topics ( back to work ? , your career and your pregnancy , how your body changes ) is so superficial , it almost seems like the author stuck in the chapters because she felt she had to , rather than because she had valuable information to present .
Each chapter begins with a statement that is true , but so trite ( " Pregnancy is an exciting time " ) that it seems as if the author is pandering to the reader .
The book includes a number of short one-paragraph anecdotes about women and their preganncies .
Again , I found most of these anecdotes to be very superficial , without enough detail to make them very interesting or useful .
One thing I found to be VERY odd -- the author has " Time-Saving , Energy-Saving Tips " in every chapter , set aside & highlighed in the text .
These time-saving tips have absolutely NOTHING to do with the text .
For example , in the chpater on your baby 's growth , sandwiched in the paragraph in which the author is discussing whether a baby can perceive sounds within the womb , the set-aside tip is If you do n't have time to wash your hair , try puttling baby powder in it , brush it out , and style as usual ( something I learned from Glamour magazine twenty years ago , but did n't expect to read in a pregnancy book ) .
In the chapter on being a single mother , the " Time-Saving , Energy-Saving Tip " is as follows -- " If your kids string beads or have projects that have a lot of small parts , one easy way to keep them neat is to use an ice-cube tray to hold everything in easy to get to compartments . "
As if what to do with your kid 's craf supplies is the most pressing issue facing an unmarried pregnant woman .
The author has tips on how to get spilled soda stains out of carpet , how to store plastic bread bags and grocery bags in old paper towel tubes , and things like that -- and these tips are often more detailed than her tips about pregnancy .
One of my favorite " Time-Saving , Energy-Saving Tips" , that gets equal billing with bead organization & stain removal is " If you have other children at home , make plans for someone to pick them up from day care or school if you go into labor when they are not at home .
Update school or day-care permission foirms to include those whom you want to pick up your children . "
Duh ( my reaction to a lot of stuff in the book ) .
Another anoying fact is the tremendous amount of redundance & repetition .
Like magazine & newspaper articles , the author often takes sentences out of the text and highlights them in enlarge , italicized font -- so they are in the text AND in the highlighted form .
Problem is , the highlights are often right next to the excerpted text , so you end up reading the same thing twice -- without anything else in between .
<p>On the positive side -- the book is very easy to read , and it contains a great glossary of terms and list of resources .
You wo n't need a copy of Household Hints from Heloise if you buy this , as the author tries to cover pregnancy and household management in one text .
The book contains good illustrations .
And ( this is pretty important ) -- this is a reassuring book about pregnancy , not a scary if-you-do n't-eat spinach-and-walk-three-miles-a-day-your-baby-has-no-chance-of-being-normal book .
Overall , this is okay , and it might be just the thing for some people , but I found it to be a little pandering & superficial .
