Geoff Stray has meticulously researched and written a fascinating masterpiece of a book that provides a plethora of information re : many of the nuances surrounding the 2012 time-line/subject-matter .
This book should have strong across-the-board appeal ; as it has enough minutia and factual documentation to appeal to academia-types , as well as enough common-sense for Lay-People just becoming acquainted with this subject-matter .
My own personal resonance with this book 's facts and style is that is strikes a level-headed balance between a number of viewpoints re : this subject-matter - as the marketplace is already being flooded with extremely polarizing 2012 books/moves/video-clips that run the gamut from Ascension to Armageddon .
Geoff 's book is a refreshingly sane , objective and rational exploration into the completely unique time-frame that Humanity finds itself at . . .
I completely concur with Vincent Bridges comment re : this book , ( co-author of 'Mysteries of the Great Cross of Hendaye : Alchemy and the End of Time ) - i .e . , " 'Beyond 2012 " is an invaluable resource .
Fair , open-minded and rational .
Geoff Stray 's book displays the enormous range of the 2012 phenomenon : a sort of mega-mall of marvelous strangeness , insights , and sudden flashes of truth . "
A few quotes from " Beyond 2012 " to wet one 's appetite :
- " In my opinion , there is enough independent corroboration here to show that this 2012 information is bubbling up from some deep communal level of mind and emerging from various human transmitters in order to give us a spiritual kick up the Aristotle ! "
- " So we could look upon the Earth as a large hibernating creature like a bear that is recycling its body waste , but can only keep it up for a certain amount of time before it either has to wake up or poison itself .
The unconscious mind of the bear knows when Spring is coming , the trigger that will arouse it from its slumber , just as the year 2012 is emerging from the collective unconscious as the end of time , or year of ascension , or the year of catastrophe , or the deadline for cleaning up the planet by the Kyoto Protocol .
As we get nearer , there should be more outbreaks of telepathy and clairvoyance , like a pan of maize on a stove that starts with a few pops and speeds up until the whole pan goes crazy . "
- " If this interpretation is correct , it is certainly an interesting time to be alive , to be a part of an evolutionary quantum leap which may be seen as the boundary between Homo sapiens and our descendent , Homo spiritus . "
- " In the summer of 2002 , I heard philosopher Stanley Messenger give a talk about Rudolph Steiner 's prediction of "mankind crossing the threshold at the end of the century " .
Stanley said that all the people who have completed a struggle towards enlightenment through the ages have formed a " critical mass " that will allow the majority of mankind to cross this threshold together , that Steiner foresaw this , and that the time is now .
Stanley sees the event as reaching its climax by 2012 , and sees a connection to the crop circles phenomenon .
Although some feel it is unfair that all the masses should reap the benefits of the sacrifices of a few , it would seem to be a natural process , like Rupert Sheldrake 's ` Morphic Resonance ' theories , or the `hundredth monkey ' phenomenon , in which an entire species somehow miraculously gains a behavioral attribute when a certain `critical ' percentage of individuals pioneer it . "
P.S. John Major Jenkins wrote the introduction to ` Beyond 2012' , and I would strongly recommend that his " Maya Cosmogenesis 2012 " would be a wonderful synchronistic companion to Geoff 's book .
