Vernon God Little is not without its flaws , but all in all , I enjoyed it .
Detractors of the novel appear to fall into two camps : Those that are offended by the nearly continuous stream of f-bombs and those who , with valid points , feel that this Man Booker winner is n't worthy of such accolades , in fact , far from it .
Yes , the prose `tries to hard ' at times .
Sometimes you get the feeling the author is trying to write eloquently and misfires with similes that are 'groan-worthy ' and make you roll your eyes a little .
But , there are some great lines and sharp insights in the novel as well .
On balance , I found more to like than to criticize .
Yes , the first-person narrative is inconsistent at times .
The author is not a rebellious Texas teenager ( nor was he ever one ) and it would seem that he had a hard time 'staying in character '.
At times , Vernon 's voice does n't ring true .
First person narratives are challenging and while the author 's Texas teen sometimes sounds like he is n't even American , let alone Texan , for the most part the narrative is engaging .
I enjoyed Vernon 's sarcastic tone and his insightful learning 's .
Yes , the novel falters a little in the middle .
The trip to Mexico , and in particular , the trial scenes made for some tedious reading .
I found the trial scenes to be unrealistic - but not in the `it 's clever satire ' way which is good , but rather in the ` I feel like I 'm watching a bad episode of Matlock ' way .
The novel gets better post trial , although I would have preferred a different ending .
With regards to the ending , I 'm probably in the minority here , but I would have liked a different outcome .
After the trial , Vernon learns that he needs to take control of his destiny and become the ' God ' of his own life .
To do this , he must understand what the people in his life want most and give it to them in a way that will ultimately get Vernon what he wants .
This realization allows Vernon to set in motion a series of events that will change his life .
Personally , I would have preferrd it if all the pieces did n't fall into place in time and Vernon was made a martyre (keeping with the God theme ) .
Of course , I 'm partial to downer endings .
All in all , I found more here to like than dislike .
Is this a great novel ?
No. Certainly not award worthy .
Is it worth reading ?
I think so .
I found Vernon God Little to be perceptive and caustically funny at times .
I especially enjoyed the first half of the novel which is very strong .
If the reader 's expectations are n't set too high ( and you do n't mind swearing ) I think a lot of people will enjoy this novel .
