The best way to see our nation 's capitol is up close and personal .
Not possible ?
The second way is through an excellent armchair guide .
" Journey Around Washington D.C. from A to Z " is such a book .
Martha Day Zschock , who has created several in this series , looks at the basic facts of a city through her delightful illustrations .
First , she begins with a broad , overview map of Washington , D.C.--no frills , then " A" page is devoted to " America 's anthem awakens awe . "
The illustration is the flag that actually flew over Fort McHenry , when Francis Scott Key was inspired to write " The Star-Spangled Banner . "
The inset material for " A" includes the mascot for the football team of Washington .
" B" says " Boats paddle by Basin blossoms . "
In 1912 Japan gave hundreds of cherry trees which were planted in the basin along Thomas Jefferson 's memorial building .
" C" says " Congress convenes in Capitol chambers " and depicts the front of the Capitol and an inset of the ceiling of the Rotunda .
Another note mentions the Library of Congress .
" Ornaments of nature occupy D.C . " for " O" and shows a close up of iris blooms and an inset shows one slice of the children 's garden in the U.S. Botanic Garden and the National Arboretum .
V is for " Veterans ' memorials " and shows the long ribbon of glossy wall that is the Vietnam Veterans Memorial designed by Maya Ying Lin .
Over 58,000 names are inscribed on the wall to signify their deaths .
" Z " is for zip codes and the U.S. Postal Service , begun in 1753 , by Benjamin Franklin , who finalized the service .
His statue greets visitors to the National Postal Museum .
That 's a sampling of the broad range of topics included in this journey .
Other topics include the Kennedy Center , Abraham Lincoln 's statue , the National Air and Space Museum , the Metro system , Pierre Charles L'Enfant , fresh food markets , the White House , and Rock Creek Park , first of our national parks .
There you are--if you would like your child familiar with our nation 's capitol , this fine book is a great introduction .
Just " Journey Around Washington D.C. from A to Z. " For ages 4-8 , but I think 6-12 is a better interest level .
Other titles in the series include :
Journey Around Cape Cod and the Islands from A to Z ( Journey Series )
Journey Around Chicago From A To Z ( Journey Series )
Journey Around San Francisco from A to Z ( Journey Series )
