First of all , I 'm not a fan of the d20 system , but that 's a debate for elsewhere .
I *am* a major fan of Ravenloft - I 've been with the campaign world since it was released in 1992 , and began DMing adventures not long after - so I eventually caved in and took a look at the d20 version of it .
Thankfully , the Kargatane have saved Ravenloft from becoming totally extinct , but this book will be of limited interest to those familiar with the campaign setting .<p>It
uses the same timeframe outlined in the Domains of Dread hardcover released in 1997 , post Grand Conjunction and post Grim Harvest .
That means there is very little ( read : nil ) new information in this book as far as the Ravenloft " canon " goes .
In fact , this book is intended to be a "player 's guide " ( even though it deals with powers checks and other DM-only phenomenon ) , so it has only sketchy information about domains and zilch about the Darklords .
Want that information ?
Get ready to shell out for ANOTHER hardcover book ( two of `em , if you want all of them ... ) The rest of the book is devoted to making 3rd edition characters using some of the customized character rules and races ( half-Vistani , for example ) from the DoD book .<p>So its safe to say that there 's very little to interest the longtime Ravenloft gamer here .
Converting 2nd Edition to d20 is n't impossible - in fact , there are several freeware programs one could download to do all the hard work .
For those of us who have all the old material , and can play 2nd Edition AD&D without a book because we know the rules so well ( and yes , I DO have a life ) , there is n't much to interest us .
Since it 's actually cheaper to scrounge most of the 2nd Ed . materials , I say go with those , unless you are dead-set on running 3rd Ed .
In that case , you better be rich ...<p>Final Grade : D+ ( it 's Ravenloft , I ca n't flunk it outright ! )<p>NOTE :
I bought it anyway , because I 'd like to see the Kargatane keep Ravenloft alive .
Something to consider when making your decision ...
