Many others have already written of the amazing nature of this book : two insightful novellas written about the second World War...not in retrospect , but as it was unfolding .
As if the achievement of a well written reflection on contemporaneous events were not enough , the circumstances surrounding author Nemrovsky 's presumed death in a Nazi concentration camp and the "discovery " of her manuscript by her daughter nearly sixty years later make Suite Francaise all the more poignant .
The first novella , " Storm in June , " describes the flight of Parisians from their city in the wake of the Nazi invasion .
Several disparate characters are used to represent various social classes and how their reactions to the tragedy differed .
It 's interesting to read about the impending invasion in light of what we all know today from the historical record , but what could not have been knowable to the French at the time of the Nemrovsky 's writing .
This first part of the book is solid and interesting , providing a window into the frequently petty motivations of the well-heeled city dwellers who often saw the war as an inconvenience , but the second novella , " Dolce , " proved to be the more fascinating of the two .
" Dolce " explores daily life in a French country village under the rule of an occupying Nazi garrison .
While you might be expecting tales of fierce resistance fighting and underground machinations designed to thwart the occupiers , you wo n't find it here .
The surprising thing about Dolce is the near normality of the situation .
While no one 's happy to live under German occupiers , few feel that there 's anything to be done about it .
It 's more often seen as something to be endured until it effectively runs its course , which most expect is simply a matter of time .
Equally surprising is the " civilized " nature of the occupation .
The German officers are courteous and respectful to the townsfolk , some locals even decide that they 're not so bad after all .
Indeed , a few local women find themselves attracted to their new caretakers .
The horrors of Nazism are not explored here , but rather how difficult it is to hate individuals as opposed to concepts or faceless groups .
This is perhaps the most disturbing aspect of the story - that the twisted philosophy for which the Nazis fought could be subdued beneath a cloak of Prussian civility .
