Erin Neal is a brilliant scientist and philosopher who wrote a groundbreaking book about the environmental movement , but he 's been living in seclusion since his girlfriend Jenna left him and died in a boating accident .
He 's built a self-sufficient compound in the middle of nowhere and spends his days conducting experiments with bacteria while lamenting Jenna 's loss .
His extended brood is interrupted one day , though , when Mark Beamon from the US government shows up , wanting him to check out a bacterial infestation at an oil well in Alaska .
When the government also coerces Erin to check out an infestation in Saudi Arabia , Erin finds something disturbing .
Though located on opposite sides of the world , the bacteria infecting both wells appears to be identical , and it 's an awful lot like an experimental strain Erin had been working on shortly before Jenna 's disappearance and death .
Just as Erin realizes Jenna is n't really dead , the government happens upon an old e-mail implicating Erin in the oil infestations .
Erin is n't behind the problem , though ; it 's the rich and popular environmentalist Jenna left him for , the execution of whose rabid beliefs could cause the downfall of the modern world .
The villain has n't just infected a few oil wells in Alaska and Saudi Arabia , he has developed a new strain of the bacteria that could destroy the entire world 's oil supply .
Erin and Jenna , along with the government , have to track him down and put a stop to his plans before society is thrown into complete chaos from the destruction of the world 's utmost energy source .
Villains these days are no longer megalomaniacs trying to take over the world , they 're rabid environmentalists bent on destroying it .
This is n't the first book with this type of villain , but it stands out because of its unique protagonist .
It was impossible not to like Erin Neal and his sarcastic outlook on life , and I 'm certainly a believer in his philosophies .
The author shines a light on some of the hypocricies inherent in the environmental movement without siding with the opposition , making me wish I could read Erin Neal 's controversial book for real .
Other characters , like Jenna and Mark Beamon , created a nice foil for Erin and made the book a whole lot of fun .
This is an adventure that scores high on all counts , and I will read more books by Kyle Mills .
