What 's great about this is that it has more endocrinology than any
other diabetes book I 've seen .
And , not only does he explain it , but
gives some supplementation advice ( over the counter and otherwise ) to
give you ways to tackle it .
The 'breakthrough ' is that he 's got an overarching theory about
diabetes , that it 's the loss of the ability to generate energy as you
get older .
When you 're younger , you generate most of your energy from
fat ; you stop producing some hormones and come to rely on carbs more
as you age .
But it 's not a mystical theory , just a convenient wrapper for a lot of
facts - he refers to many , many studies throughout - he 's plugged-in
to the research , and gives details and mechanisms .
Anyway , it 's a great consumer-level endocrinology book , it goes into ,
with satisfying but not stultifying detail , hormones such as DHEA ,
cortisol , testosterone , estrogen , and the importance of your liver .
If you actively manage your diabetes , and do n't have a book with a
similar level of detail , this one 's pretty good .
It can answer
questions a couple levels of cause back , such as , why you might not
have been able to 'hold your carbs ' for the past few days ( too little
sleep ?
too little exercise ? )
He has association with some institute with 'homeopathic ' in the
title , but he 's an M.D. , it may be just the name , there was nothing
outside of medical science in the book apart from meditation , but ,
given how stress affects your hormones , good for him .
He spends the
beginning of the book talking about his inventions of measures of how
you produce your energy , which you have to find a center for to take -
but he 's not just selling something , the rest of the book is well
worth the price ( to me ) without it , and he may well prove to be out in
front .
Very interesting , and very informative .
It left me wishing for more ,
but , that 's at least not entirely the fault of Dr Shallenberger ,
unfortunately there 's a lot that just is n't known about diabetes .
