What do you get if you mix the Narnia books of C.S. Lewis with Charles de Lint and his blending of cultures and frequent use of Celtic lore ?
Maybe this book .
Hadyn , Ewan , Gabe , and Garrett Barlow are brothers , ages fifteen , thirteen , nine , and nine , respectively .
Their lives were just turned upside-down , twice .
Their beloved mother died of cancer , and their now-single father relocated the family , as per the pre-cancer plan , from suburbia to a farm , in Missouri .
The boys , and especially Hadyn , are far from thrilled .
Given the task of tearing down an ancient , enormous briar thicket , at the back of the property , Hadyn tries to make the job more interesting by hacking a maze into it , with Ewan helping him .
Then , things get strange , as the older Barlow brothers discover a relic inside the ticket , and four large , crow-like birds fly overhead , dropping a cryptic message , copied fourfold .
Hadyn and Ewan had felt displaced by the family 's relocation , but that sense of displacements pales in comparison to what they feel after the encounter in the briar thicket .
The brothers end up in a land right out of legend , and meet fascinating people and creatures -- some friendly and some definitively hostile .
Will they survive ?
Will they ever make it home ?
Will they continue to want to return home ?
Can they fulfill an ancient prophecy ?
Who can they trust in this new land ?
What happened to the other two Barlow brothers ?
I do not want to divulge much plot here , and spoil the reading experience for anyone , but this is a grand adventure fantasy , with many mythic components out of England , Scotland , Wales , Ireland , and Scandinavia .
The author creates very credible characters , and the kids react to stress the way kids would really react .
Mr. Briggs describes the settings well , without letting the book get bogged down in details .
While the premise bears some semblance to the Narnia books , much else differs .
I have not yet read the C.S. Lewis series , and will therefore make no further comparisons or contrasts .
However , I believe that fans of the Narnia books , who hunger for more , might find an answer here .
Besides the character development and setting descriptions , Mr. Briggs does a very good job at what is often referred to as "world-building . "
The place where Hadyn and Ewan go has a clear culture , religion , and political system .
Even as Greg Bear 's Dinosaur Summer takes the premise that , if dinosaurs had not become extinct , evolution would have continued for their line , so this book gives us a world built upon ancient English and Celtic and Norse lore , but evolved over the centuries .
What really stands out in this book is the almost-poetic quality of the prose , and the wonderful descriptions of how the characters perceive things .
Here are few small samples :
Describing something commonplace ( a woodstove ) : " The fire behind the glass wildly took wing , like a caged bird thrashing about , struggling to rise in flight , to be free . "
( page 36 )
On Hady n 's grief over his mother : " The knowledge of his pain was his own , earned with the hard stripes of life .
It was part of how he remembered , how he honored his mother , by hurting for her .
By carrying all that hurt deep inside , crammed and packed like a piece of paper folded over and over again , so tightly you could not make another fold , tucked away and spring-loaded into the lonely core of his being . "
( page 136 )
Brief comment on the author : Dean Barkley Briggs is the father of four boys , and the boys ' mother passed away .
As I had guessed , from those basic facts , given in the " About the author " page in the back of the book , and the story , the book was a tribute to his sons , and that is confirmed in the website devoted to the book .
This is likely part of how he can write about grief , and about teenage boys , as well as he does .
-- Chris McCallister , author of Coming Full Circle
