Many people claim to "hate cardio , " so a book that promises weight loss without cardio is sure to find an audience .
But this book is based on some faulty premises--chief among them the idea that cardio vs. weight training is an either/or proposition .
Total fitness requires both .
Karas is correct to emphasize weight training and diet as pillars in any fitness/weight loss plan .
However , the low caloric intake he advocates will be difficult for most people to achieve and maintain .
Moreover , it will likely lead to *lower* metabolism , paving the way for weight gain when the inevitable binge/backlash occurs .
I lost about 100 lbs . in 1984 with a cardio/diet approach .
And this game plan has kept me thin for nearly 25 years .
I have added weight training in the last 10 years to build muscle ( cardio will *not* give you killer biceps or a six-pack ) .
But if your goal is simply to shed excess fat quickly , you can get there by consuming fewer calories and doing cardio .
Once again , I speak from experience here .
The author presents himself as a "reformed " cardio enthusiast .
He notes that cardio made him hungry ; and he frequently binged after a cardio session .
There is an element of truth here : cardio at the wrong time of day can lead to a hunger spike .
And if you overeat after you work out , you will do more harm than good .
The best way to avoid this is to schedule your cardio at a time of day when your appetite is low .
I am usually very hungry in the morning and less hungry at night , so I am able to avoid cardio hunger spikes by scheduling my workouts in the evening , rather than first thing in the morning .
I would also dispute the notion that cardio is bad for your joints and internal organs .
Joint troubles can be avoided through cross-training and low-impact workouts .
( I.e . , your cardio workout should n't consist solely of running on paved surfaces . )
Cardio also helps your cardio-vascular system and cholesterol levels !
In short , the Cardio-Free Diet addresses a conflict that does not exist .
Yes , watch your diet .
( But eat more than 1,200 calories per day . )
Yes , do weight training .
But do n't throw out your treadmill and jogging shoes .
They are still essential for overall fitness and health--even if they are currently out of style in some exercise circles .
