Book Review of
The Adventures of Robin Hood
( Retold from the Howard Pyle original )
I chose to read The Adventures of Robin Hood by Howard Pyle for three reasons : 1 ) because I like to read adventure stories ; 2 ) because my brother recommended it to me ; and 3 ) because I read the back of the book and it sounded like a good story .
I thought it would be about outlaws taking from the rich and giving to the poor .
I also liked the movie very much and so I assumed I would like the book too .
When I read the book , I liked the adventures in the woods and the way Robin Hood and his men we so good at archery , fighting with the staff , climbing and hiding in the trees and tricking the Sheriff 's men .
Each chapter was a new adventure and I had no idea what was going to happen next .
In many of the chapters , the adventure was to get more men for Robin 's Band of Merry Men or to fight the Sheriff 's men .
They fought the Sheriff of Nottingham 's men because to get money and justice for the poor .
The Sheriff was always taking the people 's money and land unfairly .
Robin Hood fought him to prevent him from taking things from the people .
One of the adventures that I liked the most was when Robin Hood went with his men in disguise to the archery contest held by the Sheriff in Nottingham Town .
Robin Hood split the arrow in the center of the target on the final round of shooting .
He won the contest but the Sheriff would not give him the prize that was a golden arrow .
He would n't give it to Robin because Robin said " I will not join your service . "
I would rate this book as a four out of five stars because it left out some parts to make it a shorter book .
I would rather have read the complete adventure of Robin Hood because they tell the whole story , which is so much better .
I still thought it was a great book because the writer put some comedy in the story and he added lots of suspense .
I recommend it highly .
In the end , I thought the book was better than the movie .
