I read this book two years ago .
Out of the blue , I decided to write a review .
It is the first time I read the reviews on this book on Amazon .
I must say that I am surprised at how many do n't like this book .
Not everyone have time to read a dry 800 page book of the official history of France and another 800 page book of the social history of France and another 200 page Paris tourist guide book , so as a substitute , this 400 page of a fun history of Paris book seems like a great deal .
For a introduction to France 's history , a history of Paris would certainly be sufficient because many things that you see in Paris can be linked to parts of history .
Examples : description of Paris ' city plan in Roman times reminds us that France used to be "occupied " by the Romans .
Then there is the Revolution , the crowning of Napoleon , the defeat of Napolean by the Germans , the Nazi occupation ...
The additional benefit of relating a historical event to a specific Parisian street/architecture/artifact in Paris is that it helps reader to remember the event better than just reading a history book .
Now , if you read a pure history book , you probably wo n't learn about where is the bar that the students and artists used to drink , where the jugglars used to perform , where the rich people used to live , where the prostitues used to linger .
There probably would be less detailed description of the lifes of famous French actresses , the circumstances under which the numerous bridges across the Seine were built , when did postal service begin in Paris .
There are also references to famous French writers , painters and architects for those are into the arts/literature .
( maybe a little less references to musicians than I 'd like )
I personally have a sort of interesting relationship with Paris .
I must have been there 7 times , but have had only two short stints as a proper tourist instead of being on business .
So , I know the streets , historical sites and museums of Paris reasonably well .
I know quite well where modren Parisian shops and work .
However , for myself at least , this book introduces a different aspect of Paris to me .
Instead of just looking at the surface of the city , which is the modern or touristy fascade , I have a deeper sense of the myraid actors , glorious or hideous ones , that has shaped the city .
One complain I have about this book is that its map is too small and too unclear .
It is a pity .
I would love to trace everything the author mention on a map so that I can visit the place next time .
Normally , this issue would cause me to reduce the star from 5 to 4.5 , thus 4 . But , given how many people do n't like the book , I have to give it a 5 to stress my point .
This book is packed with fun details and informative history .
It is organized into short chapters .
It was a very quick read for me .
I am pretty sure that I will read this book again at some point .
(unfortunately , my original book is falling apart )
