The story starts in Missouri where a family of four boys grieves for their mom , who died of cancer .
The kids are four boys , the oldest 15 .
They have just moved to the country north of St . Louis with their dad .
Hadyn and Ewan , the older two , are clearing a briar patch and discover an arched stone scrawled with Viking runes .
Suddenly , four mysterious ravens drop messages at their feet and disappear through the arch .
The messages , signed by " A , " are four identical scrolls calling them to the Hidden Lands .
Soon the two boys are following the ravens through the arch .
They find themselves in the land of Karac Tor , which is at war .
Magic is commonplace here , including some magic familiar to our ears , such as fairy folk and Arthurian mystery , and other unfamiliar magic .
The boys , who really just want to go home , are drawn into a massive conflict between godly monks and an evil sorceress who is turning all the teenagers in the land into zombies under her command .
Hadyn and Ewan discover they have some special magic powers of their own in this land .
The monks are looking forward to the ninth and final coming of Aion , the son of the father God .
But plenty of tribulation is happening first .
Hadyn is captured by the sorceress and is on his way to becoming a mindless follower .
Younger Ewan finds he has the courage to lead a rescue .
Both brothers prove their loyalty and courage in a battle with the sorceress .
Then Hadyn and Ewan discover that their younger twin brothers have come through the portal too , leading into the next book , where the conflict is with the evil power behind the sorceress , the Deceiver himself .
The Book of Names is a keeper .
It weaves action together with metaphorical descriptions .
Characters are fully drawn and believable .
The two boys are full of faults and fears at first , but they learn courage because they have to , facing the sorceress and her slaves .
Briggs brings his fantasy world , Karac Tor ( a place to build character , I get it ! ! ) to life .
I did find this fantasy world to be rather dark .
I wish it had more islands of light in it .
Nevertheless , I am really looking forward to the next book , Corus the Champion , coming out in March 2009.-Phyllis
Wheeler
