Now , this is a local hotel in Elkhart , Indiana , Nancy .
And as last night we were talking , these people do n` t usually go too far when these kind of things happen .
But everybody -- we`re glad to report that everybody is OK , safe and uninjured , found at a local hotel in Elkhart , Indiana .
You know , it` s interesting , we just called the hotel to confirm this , and they said , " We`re not allowed to say anything . "
That` s a dead give-away that it did happen , but they ca n` t talk about it .
Otherwise they`d say , " What ? "
You know what` s really interesting ?
According to police reports , the suspect came into the home four days ago , guns a-blazing , shot a guy in the face , and in the neck and chest area , and took the mom and the four kids at gunpoint .
It` s awfully funny how big a man can act with a gun when he is bullying a woman and four little children , a babe in arms , literally .
But when he` s surrounded by police , he` s totally got his tail between his legs .
Ever seen that , Mike Brooks ?
Seen that many , many times , Nancy .
I tell you , you put the sights on somebody , and sometimes they cry like a baby .
You know , apparently this guy broke into her car , beat her , stole the car .
He` s got a very long , long rap sheet .
And take a look at these children on the run with this guy , one with severe asthma , bunked up at a local motel .
What is he looking at , Mike Brooks ?
He` s looking at a number of different charges .
Now , he did n` t cross state lines , but we`re still looking at false imprisonment , kidnapping , assault , attempted murder .
He` s facing a lot of charges .
He is not going to be out of jail for quite some time .
And , yesterday , Nancy , we talked about his rap sheet .
This guy has a history of violent crimes for years and years and years and , in my opinion , should not have been on the street to begin with to even perpetrate this crime .
You know , to you , Lauren Howard , it` s interesting that , in domestic cases -- and let me give you a recap , everyone .
Breaking news right now .
Apparently after a prolonged standoff , the family we told you about last night , kidnapped from their own home in Indiana , has been found safe and alive .
All four children and the mom taken out of their own home at gunpoint , alive .
The guy gave up to police once they were surrounded there in a local hotel , Elkhart , Indiana .
To you , Lauren Howard , it seems to me that a lot of his prior offenses have kind of slid because they were domestic offenses .
Well , often that happens .
We know that , because , you know , the argument is , it takes two to tango .
So often you see it , Nancy -- you know it better than I do , that in domestic cases , we do n` t look at them quite in the same way we look at violent crimes to strangers .
Because if the parties are known , the assumption is somebody brought it on .
