You`re seeing video of Reverend Ted Haggard , the former pastor of a 14,000-member church , New Life Church , Colorado Springs , Colorado , the former president of the National Association of Evangelicals .
He claims there was never any sex , that he met Jones once for a massage .
Question , Mike Jones , are you a masseuse ?
I did do massage .
However , that is not why he contacted me .
How did you guys hook up to start with ?
He had called me .
I mean , how did he know to call you ?
Well , because he saw my ad on a gay Web site .
Your ad ?
Yes .
What ad ?
Well , it was an ad for escorting .
To you , Mike Brooks , you open up the back of any magazine , go online , there are a million hooker sites .
No offense , Mr. Brooks .
No offense to you , Mr. Jones .
But there are a million hooker sites .
Why ?
Well , Nancy , the bottom line is the bottom line .
I mean , what are prostitutes out there to do ? They`re out there to make money .
That` s the bottom line .
Well , so are dope dealers .
So why are n` t they being arrested ?
It` s ( INAUDIBLE ) well , they do go after some of these sites .
There` s just not enough cops , not enough morals divisions in all these cities , because -- and it` s tough to make a prostitution case , Nancy .
When I was a young officer , I was assigned to the D.C. Police Department morals division right out of the academy , to the prostitution and perversion squad , as it was called at the time .
And they would take young officers and put them out there to entice prostitutes or to arrest the prostitutes .
And to make a prostitution case , Nancy , you have to have a place , a price , and an act before you can actually make the arrest .
What we would do is , we would go out there , in a car , and they`d say , " Hey , young guy , what are you doing ?
Are you looking for some action ? "
And then the conversation would go on .
And then , if they had a place , a price , and an act , they sweep in and make the arrest .
I want to go out to Pastor John Macarthur , a special guest joining us tonight .
He is the pastor of Grace Community Church .
Sir , thank you for being with us .
You know , we see over and over and over Christian evangelical leaders go down in flames .
You`ve got Bakker .
You`ve got Swaggart .
The list goes on and on .
Why ?
Well , first of all , the over and over concerns me a little bit .
I think 98 percent of the men that are out there pastoring in churches are serving the Lord with integrity and honesty and living good , wholesome , moral , righteous lives and trying to honor Christ .
Those that fall from the heights of these high-profile ministries obviously garner the media .
You know , I could give you a theological reason , Nancy .
I think the enemy of our souls , Satan , assaults the church , and assaults the truth , and counterfeits it , and places people in ministry who have no business being there .
