Abortion is something I oppose , I do n't like on a personal basis .
It is not enough .
For Giuliani , this is a courtship over before it begins .
CHARLES CRISMIER , HOST , "VIEWPOINT" : I find it difficult to put him in the Republican camp .
He will never be able to connect with our core values .
I think he 's got to look elsewhere for his support .
The ex-mayor of New York was looking elsewhere over the weekend .
Any casual conversation reveals , when it comes to other candidates polling in the top tier , conservative Christians are not happy campers .
They are suspicious of Arizona Senator John McCain , who once called the Reverends Falwell and Robertson agents of intolerance .
Preparing for the '08 cycle , he tried to make amends .
I think Senator McCain has a long way to go in rebuilding a bridge to the faith community .
And conservative Christians are questioning a former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney , who has , since beginning to think about running for president , changed positions on abortion and gay rights .
BRAD MATTES , HOST , "FACING LIFE HEAD-ON" : If that conversion is genuine , yes , then , he would have our support .
They have heard words before , and they have been disappointed .
JIM WEST , PRESIDENT , FAITH T
You have to look at their stand on the issues not only today , but yesterday and 10 years ago , and whether they are pandering to the crowd .
This is a necessary , but uneasy courtship .
Candy Crowley , CNN, Washington .
Later on the program : children forced to kill .
Also , Anderson and Kiran with these stories .
Gentle giants , even the babies .
This manatee is maybe about a month in age .
It 's probably about a meter in length and weighing about 30 pounds .
Anderson , Jeff , and the people saving one of the Amazon 's disappearing treasures .
Oops .
She 's never done this before ...
Next thing I know , she grabbed a buzzer and she went to the back of my salon , and she was shaving off her own hair .
... making Paris Hilton and Tara Reid look downright sane by comparison .
We will have the buzz on Britney 's head and what 's going on inside of it -- coming up on 360 .
This is the scenario .
A summer afternoon in Philadelphia , the parking lot still filling up with fans streaming into the stadium for a Phillies home game .
The beer , cold .
The air , warm .
The ballpark fills with anticipation as the players take the field .
But as the first pitch rockets towards home plate , none of the 45,000 inside has any idea of the terrible turn their lives are about to take .
That 's because terrorists not far away are moving forward on a plot to turn this stadium into both a spectacular political statement and a mass grave .
Well , that 's just one of the possible scenarios we 're going to be exploring in a special tomorrow on 360 called "Edge of Disaster " .
I hope you join us for that tomorrow on 360 .
Right now we are coming to you from the heart of the Brazilian Amazon rainforest .
Some -- some 20 percent of the rainforest in Brazil has been cut down and burned in the last 40 years , and this forest is disappearing at the rate of about 7,700 square miles every year .
Though the last two years , it was a little bit less than that .
