William Moyers , I appreciate you joining us as well .
Thank you .
William Moyers` book - it` s called " Broken : My Story of Addiction and Redemption . "
You`ll find it on sale now .
And all this leads us to our SHOWBIZ TONIGHT " Question of the Day . "
Here` s what we`re asking tonight : " Isaiah Washington in Treatment : Is it hiding from bad publicity ? "
Go to cnn.com/showbiztonight .
Write to us at showbiztonight@cnn.com .
Your e-mails tomorrow .
You can also vote by sending a text message to 45688 .
Vote yes by writing , " SHOWBIZ Yes . " Vote no by writing , " SHOWBIZ No. " The number again , 45688 .
You know the game Six Degrees of Kevin Bacon ?
Let` s use Isaiah Washington as an example .
He was in " Bullworth " with Oliver Platt , who was in " Flatliners " with Kevin Bacon .
That was an easy one .
Well , Kevin Bacon himself is turning the game into a way to connect people in a charitable way .
At the Sundance Film Festival , he told SHOWBIZ TONIGHT all about it .
Here` s SHOWBIZ TONIGHT` s Brooke Anderson .
Kevin Bacon : movie star , celebrity - one of the dozens who have made their way to Park City , Utah , for the Sundance Film Festival .
Nice to see you , Kevin .
But surprisingly , Bacon is n` t here promoting a movie .
He` s here to launch his first online venture , appropriately called sixdegrees .org , for a good cause .
It` s just an idea , " Six Degrees of Kevin Bacon , " and - and six degrees in general .
Six degrees of separation - you know , the fact that we`re all connected .
Bacon is now embracing that idea , which started as a lighthearted game where any actor in Hollywood could be linked to Bacon through film roles within six steps .
Now , he` s changing the rules .
I know that I wanted it to be charity-based , and I knew that I wanted it to involve this idea of connectivity of all of us as human beings .
Bacon` s Web site links people to his famous pals , and their causes , such as longtime friend and actor Bradley Whitford .
Any thing that spreads that out into mainstream ( INAUDIBLE) , so that , you know , charities , you know , really become part of people` s lives I think is great .
Bacon spent the first few days at Sundance trying to enlist the help of even more celebs .
I try to make it as easy as possible for celebrities .
I say , ` You do n` t need to show up .
You do n` t need to send me a dime .
You do n` t need to sing a song .
You do n` t need to , you know , give me any thing .`
Jessica Simpson , Cheryl Hines and Kanye West are just a few of the celebrities already signed on , with more joining every day .
I saw him earlier today and was talking about this - you know , the organization .
And there` s a - the Project ALS is a - I` m - going to go on that Web site .
Bacon` s vision for sixdegrees .org
goes far beyond the Hollywood community .
For him , it` s a way to connect people in need with any one who is willing to lend a hand .
