The group is facing something else new anyway .
They 're transferred for the Haditha Dam , a large hydroelectric plant on the Euphrates River .
Insurgents have just destroyed the police station there , and the area needs help .
The engineers ' new home is deeper and much more isolated in Sunni territory .
Jesse Strong writes a letter to schoolkids back in Vermont about the move to the river .
According to Christian history , it once flowed out of the Garden of Eden .
And its secret ?
The Bible says , when it dries up , Armageddon will begin .
And Muslim lore says the riverbed hides a mountain of gold .
" It is a historic river , " Strong writes , " and a lot of people live along its banks " -- a lot of potential enemies .
All the coalition troops know , in the towns along the Euphrates , some people live secret double lives , friendly townspeople by day , fierce insurgents by night .
Jonathan Bowling tells his father on the phone , and Darrell knows what the move means .
They were going out to disarm reported bombs and explosives .
That 's dangerous stuff , but , then , as you go further out the Euphrates , much more dangerous , much more hazardous .
It is worse than that .
One hundred miles southeast of his son 's position , coalition forces are pounding Fallujah , an insurgent stronghold .
Through November and into December , the coalition kills many insurgents and puts scores of others on the run .
So , even as the Marines at the dam celebrate Christmas and the beginning of a new year , a tide of insurgents sweeps up the river toward them , furious over the losses in Fallujah , and intent on stopping the first free elections coming up at the end of January .
We became a hotbed , if you will , for insurgent activity .
And that 's when , you know , firefights started to occur , and more mine strikes , and more IED strikes .
Our actual engagement of the enemy picked up tenfold .
And , then , once January hit , I mean , literally , within minutes of the new year , the base got attacked by mortars .
And , then , the -- the next day , our platoon commander lost his arm in an ambush .
And it just -- it started picking up like it had n't before .
With the engineers working furiously to build safe polling places , Chris Weaver sends a note home , saying he might be out of touch a bit .
And that was a big red flag to me , obviously .
But ...
A red flag that told you what ?
If he felt the need to warn me , that there was probably more danger than I wanted to know about at the time .
The tension is palpable .
The engineers patrol endlessly .
They pass through an area where they plan to put a polling station .
Weaver writes in his journal : " It looked like a place where the end fight scene in a movie would take place .
At least no one got hurt . "
It is his last entry .
Within days , it will seem as if someone on the river of secrets had been listening .
Modern militaries run on intelligence .
Information about enemy troops , weapons , targets .
