I would say between -- no more than three pounds .
So it` s fairly light .
It was light .
And it` s held on by ...
That was moved by a 3-year-old ?
But no screws , because it had been hit in an accident .
But , Sheriff , could a 3-year-old find it , open it , get in ?
I mean , is there a foothold in there once he got in ?
How could he put the lid back on ?
I think it` s extremely highly unlikely that he could put the lid back on , and that` s why we`re investigating all of the possibilities , and we`re going to run tests .
We did take the riser and the lid , and we placed it into evidence to process it .
And I think it` s highly , highly unlikely .
Sheriff , was there a custody battle going on between the dad and mom ?
I understand that there is , yes .
Back out to you , Wendy Ostrom-Price , she` s joining us , KOFI Radio News director .
We were told by the paternal grandfather that the dad in this case had passed a polygraph .
Any info on that ?
WENDY OSTROM-PRICE , NEWS DIRECTOR , KOFI RADI
No, the FBI is not releasing their results of the polygraph test .
Now , what else can you tell us about the search for the boy , Wendy ?
What was the dad doing during the search ?
OSTROM-PRIC
The dad , I think , was searching , rounding up people he knew .
They were printing posters immediately , because , you know , from the get-go , they did n` t know if the child had wandered off or was abducted .
Wendy Ostrom-Price is with us .
She broke the story to start with regarding this little boy .
Was it snowing that night , Wendy ?
OSTROM-PRIC
It was not snowing , but it was very foggy and very cold .
Now , the dad says he left the boy by the van for how long ?
OSTROM-PRIC
I`ve heard anywhere from 30 seconds to two minutes .
OK , 30 seconds does n` t make sense , to leave it -- what` s the story , Wendy ?
Why would he take the boy out to the van and leave him standing there and say , " Get in , " and then go back inside ?
I mean , what` s the purpose of walking him out ?
OSTROM-PRIC
I ca n` t speak for him , of course , but he said that this was a smart boy .
He said he was not a boy that tended to wander off and that this was something that they did .
Wendy , what was the dad doing in the 20 minutes it took him to call 911 ?
OSTROM-PRIC
He told the authorities that he was searching around the house .
And he also called the boy` s mother , and some family members searched before calling .
OK .
Wait a minute , where was the mom ?
OSTROM-PRIC
The mother told me that she was getting ready to go play some pool when she got the call from him and that they came over and they all started looking .
How far away was the mom when the dad called ?
Where` s that ...
OSTROM-PRIC
I` m not sure how far away she was .
I think he reached her on his cell phone .
