If she had died as a result of aspiration of gastric contents I believe you would have been told that , too .
What the paramedics or whoever made that observation really were seeing was nothing more than an agonal reflux , which we see in any number of cases from a great variety of deaths , heart attack , cancer , stroke , pneumonia , you name it , including drugs .
OK .
So I do n` t think that there was anything more than that agonal , perimortem reflux .
All right .
But the pills and the tablets are not found in a great percentage of cases in which people do die .
Understood .
Understood .
The medical examiner said it could take three to five weeks before the cause of death is determined .
He` s allowing himself the time , that` s right .
That` s right .
Dr. Cyril Wecht , who knows a lot about this .
Forensic pathologist , thanks so much for joining us .
Thank you .
Now , the countless appearances , the interviews , the changing face of Anna Nicole Smith .
We`ve watched her throughout the years , of course , from her early beginnings as a model and through all the ups and downs .
Tonight , the emotional moments from Anna Nicole` s life you may have missed -- in her own words .
I grew up poor .
I had no money .
My family was poor .
There` s things I wanted to do and could n`t .
I was an abused wife .
Just -- there` s tons of things I could n` t even mention .
And for me to come up and to have all of this fame and fortune , it` s just -- it is a Cinderella story to me .
A Cinderella story , meet meteoric rise from rags to riches , but sadly , no fairy tale ending .
My background , I never modeled .
I was always told I was too fat .
I was told that I need to darken my hair .
So I really did n` t have a pretty background .
I always wanted to , really bad , I wanted to model and be an actress , but it was the same thing get down to 125 pounds .
This is Anna Nicole Smith way back when in happier days after landing the cover of " Playboy " in 1992 and become the face of Guess jeans .
It is a dream come true , but it` s going to go further , I hope .
In 1994 Anna married 86-year-old billionaire J.
Howard Marshall and explained their relationship to Larry King .
I met my husband in a gentleman` s bar .
He had come in and I come over and talked to him .
This was after the guess jeans , and everything ?
No, this was during -- before everything .
I went over and met him and he had asked me to go to lunch with him , the following day , and I did .
And that was the last time that I ever danced .
What did a 23-year-old girl see in an 86-year-old man ?
I saw -- a very sick man .
You did n` t feel attracted to him ?
No.
There was no physical attraction at all .
How long before he asked you to marry him ?
Within a week .
I turned him down .
I said that I had wanted to try to make something out of my life .
