They say they always believed their little boy was still alive and , in fact , a miracle .
Two little boys snatched in broad daylight , one four years ago , found alive .
Tonight , new developments .
The alleged perpetrator behind bars giving media interviews .
I guess he` s the king of all media now .
Michael Devlin , enjoying his status , in a special cell , behind bars complaining it` s too loud for him to sleep.
Let` s take a look at what he` s having for dinner tonight .
We`ve gotten the menu from the jailhouse .
Let` s see .
Chicken-fried steak .
Now , I do n` t know if you know what that is .
That` s a hunk of steak , fried like fried chicken .
Rice .
Peas and carrots , 2 percent milk .
Glad he` s not getting too much fat to clog up his arteries .
Do n` t want that .
Want him to make it to trial .
Ham and cheese soup , and fruit .
I have n` t even had dinner yet .
Have you people had dinner ?
Have you had anything in your stomach since this morning ?
That` s making me hungry .
Maybe since 9:00 ?
And is it true , Melanie Streeper , he actually complained it` s too loud for him behind bars ?
Please tell me that I` m wrong , please .
No, no , his cell is actually next to where they process the inmates .
And , you know , it` s just too loud for him .
And so , yes , he was complaining .
Well , another thing about these jailhouse interviews -- and you`ve got to commend the student that went back there .
And he , of course , allowed her to come speak to him .
Let` s take a look at other people that gave interviews prior to their trial .
Did n` t help Scott Peterson very much , that interview that he had .
It was aired over and over .
In fact , it became evidence at trial .
Now with Simpson , he gave plenty of interviews that made him so notorious .
But he managed an acquittal .
Darrell Littlejohn , remember Imette St . Guillen ?
This guy gave plenty of interviews .
He` s headed for life without parole .
Justin Barber , we showed you that jailhouse interview with Jean Casarez on Friday night .
That was prior to trial , Justin Barber .
Then David Berkowitz , remember Son of Sam ?
These are his known victims .
He ended up with a conviction .
Ted Bundy , of course , was , oh , so happy to give interviews .
These were some of his known victims .
As you know , he was put to death .
Jeff Dahmer , he got the death penalty from another inmate , after his jailhouse interview .
Jeffrey McDonald .
Who could forget Wayne Williams , the notorious Atlanta serial killer ?
He loved the media .
It did n` t help him when he got life behind bars .
And , of course , Michael Jackson .
Eek !
He gave plenty of interviews .
We all thought they were damaging .
The jury disagreed .
Let` s go back out to the lines .
Lucy in New York , hi , Lucy .
Hi , Nancy .
I can understand that the mom does n` t want the child on the stand because of trauma .
But I do n` t understand the mother has a child on talk shows revisiting the trauma .
You know , that` s appalling to me .
