Well , let 's push this , because this government -- I mean , now we ca n't get from this White House who is visiting whom in the White House .
It is ...
Right .
... after all , the people 's House .
And these folks are just renters who are there right now .
We ca n't find out who is testifying on conferences on task forces like the energy task force .
And we ca n't find out who in Congress is requesting this , a report that this , by the way , the Congressional Research Office ought to be ashamed with .
Have they explained why it 's so upside down and wildly exaggerated ?
No.
Well , let 's make sure we get that .
But the person making the request can come forward and say , " I 'm the one who made the request . "
Well , let 's put it this way -- if that person fails to do so between , now and let 's say , Tuesday , they are a yellow-bellied -- you know , I mean -- and a distortioning -- you know , just a propagandist puke ( ph ) .
I mean , it 's an absurdity .
At what point are the American people going to say enough of a government run like this ?
Whether it 's in the United States Congress , whether it is in the executive branch , this is unconscionable .
Bill Tucker , thank you , in part .
For raising my temper , I 'm not so appreciative .
But thank you .
Up next , are we already seeing signs of business as usual in this new Congress ?
Republicans say they are skeptical about an exemption to the minimum wage law .
Yes , there is an exception , an exemption .
We 'll have that special report .
And a new controversy over the nation 's largest maker of e-voting machines .
They do n't meet federal standards .
Some people said they did .
They lied .
We 'll have the report .
A political power struggle being played out in the streets of a South American city that is turning deadly .
We 'll have that report and a great deal more straight ahead .
Stay with us .
Troubling new questions about electronic voting machines used in our midterm elections .
New tests now show one of the systems used did n't meet federal standards at all .
But that did n't stop some states from using those machines anyway .
Kitty Pilgrim reports .
New York State did n't use electronic voting in the November election .
The state chose to stay with decades-old lever machines until electronic voting was proven tamper-proof and glitch-free .
New York State is glad they did n't use electronic voting .
New York State Election Commission co-chair Doug Calner ( ph ) says ES&S , one of the largest electronic voting machines in the country , used software in other states that did n't meet federal standards , even though it was stamped with federal certification codes .
They admitted that it does n't comply , but though said , look , we already got certification previously for this very same product .
The rules have not changed since we got certification , therefore , you should n't insist on compliance with that rule .
ES&S brushed aside the concerns in a letter to New York election officials saying federal standards were an arbitrary guideline .
ES&S also admitted to election officials that other states used the software anyway .
Last November , 25 states used ES&S machines that used this software .
