When we bury her , I want it to be forever .
-- God forbid , buried that body , I would be in trouble now .
yes , let` s cut to the chase !
I understand ( INAUDIBLE )
I` m not going to deal in a vacuum !
Is that logical ?
No.
All right .
That` s what I want you to argue .
OK .
Bombshell rulings today in the case of Anna Nicole Smith .
The 39-year-old covergirl dead unexpectedly .
Those proceedings still ongoing .
Out to Wayne Munroe , attorney for Anna Nicole Smith` s estate in the Bahamas .
I understand Larry Birkhead is headed to the Bahamas on a paternity claim .
Has he shown up yet ?
No.
And his lawyer makes it quite clear he does not have a paternity case in the Bahamas and he does n` t categorize it as a paternity case .
And Mr. Munroe , Howard K. Stern has been ordered to Florida for a hearing next week .
What about the baby ?
I know of no other ordering the baby to Florida , nor do I know that one can be made .
It` s cold , but it wo n` t decompose so fast .
That baby is on a cold , cold storage room .
It` s not decaying so fast .
I can go over there now and look at it .
And I can go back in a month and still look at it .
So there` s no rush .
We`re not rushing .
I am not rushing .
We`re crossing every t and dotting every i .
We`re going to spend a lot of time together .
It` s a nice group .
My tone was a little strong yesterday , but this court has jurisdiction over the body .
And when I meant to make such an emphatic position , I wanted everyone to know we`re going to show respect and dignity to that body .
And we`re holding that body , and that body is not going to be moved until this court rules .
And we`ve all agreed to that .
And that` s what we`re going to do .
And I was emphatic , but it made the point and it brought us all together .
And they`re going to stay together for many , many days in the future .
Today , an order by a judge to embalm the body of Anna Nicole Smith resisted by a local funeral home , Fred Hunter` s funeral home .
Someone there did not go along with the confidentiality agreement , swearing them to secrecy of what they observed regarding her body .
So many more bombshell rulings in a courtroom today .
We finally see the will of Anna Nicole Smith .
The will amounts to nothing , apparently .
And the case will now go in intestate , in other words , as if there had never been a will .
I want to go quickly to Matt Meagher with " Inside Edition . "
He` s joining us down in Nassau , Bahamas .
Matt , where is the baby ?
And where is Stern ?
MATT MEAGHER , " INSIDE EDITION" : Stern and the baby are still in Horizon House here in Nassau .
Do they ever come out ?
We`ve seen no evidence of them coming out .
We now know that he` s going to have to come out on Tuesday .
