It 's a game about training journalists for the rigors of covering war zones .
But can an interactive video game for the public really address the issues involved ?
Well , the designers of Global Conflict 's Palestine gave me an exclusive look .
At first glance , the standard role playing videogame .
Perhaps their location is Jerusalem .
And your character is a journalist facing ethical dilemmas .
SIMON EGENFEIDT-NIELSEN , SERIOUS GAME
The reason why we made this game was basically to try and take a new approach to trend issues .
It seems like a lot of times , you 're , you know , quickly flashing by a CNN newspaper , something else .
And these games give you a chance to dig a bit deeper .
And hopefully also catch some people that might not really take a big interest in trend issues .
So the journalist is meeting his editor .
EGENFEIDT-NIELSE
Yes , Algeri ( ph ) , the first conversation with the editor .
And each ( INAUDIBLE ) is basically about you writing a story .
You can choose from three different angles .
And the angle you choose will kind of control what quotes you should get .
Great .
EGENFEIDT-NIELSE
So - and I basically have the Israeli newspaper Datz ( ph ) , the Palestinian newspaper Akutz ( ph ) , and the European newspaper " The Independent . "
And you choose whichever newspaper you want to write for ?
EGENFEIDT-NIELSE
Yes .
We 'll try to go for the Israeli here .
And then they 're saying what Jeraks ( ph ) is interested in .
So it 's interesting the story about the way in which IDF protects the Israeli citizens against terrorism .
This is actually quite a typical situation .
You - the soldier is saying now I can feel it .
Something 's happening .
There must have gotten a hold of that terrorist .
See , here he comes .
And the journalist has a choice of either two questions .
Is n't it kind of odd to call him a terrorist like that without any proof ?
Or he can ask how do you guys know he 's a terrorist ?
And depending on which answer you give , it will predetermine the response .
EGENFEIDT-NIELSE
Yes .
.of the Israeli army soldier .
EGENFEIDT-NIELSE
And also , actually , if you build up trust up `til now , he might also be more forgiving .
So you can actually get further with the critical questions than if you had been critical already at the start .
OK .
So I say how do you guys know he 's a terrorist ?
Yes .
And the answer is from the Israeli soldier , " I do n't know .
I just listen to the commander .
He always has control of things .
He says we have good and reliable information . "
And then I can either say , " I think the commander 's being a little rough with that guy .
How can you guys even be sure he 's done anything , " which is sure to get a reaction oftentimes .
Or I can say , " I can see that the commander is giving that terrorist what he deserves . "
And again , depending on which answer I go for .
EGENFEIDT-NIELSE
Yes .
.that will predetermine how far I get with this raid .
And this - is there a possibility I can be kicked out of the raid all together and sent back home ?
