There 's Miles .
Miles gets a mustache .
So , you know ...
Oh my god .
And just to be fair ...
I 'm sure I would be on some kind of watch list with a look like that .
Just to be fair , there 's me , which , I have to say , Soledad and I...
We look a lot alike .
We kind of look the same as we get older through the years .
So it 's kind of scary .
But it 's kind of funny .
You can add in text , have it say something , send the e-mail on to your friends .
Obviously it 's all just for fun , but the idea ...
Another way to waste time at work .
Exactly .
But also , Career Builder really wants to get traffic to their site .
So that 's one of their ways .
You 've got to fill the 50 years up with something , and this is one of the things you should be doing .
OK .
No matter what , I 'm still not going to have a mustache .
I 'm going to try to do something about the age spots .
I 'll see if I can -- you know ...
They have stuff for that .
A good dermatologist can fix that .
Please .
Exactly .
Well , no one ever looks that way in Hollywood .
Oscars ' gold rush is on this morning .
We 're moments away from the announcement of the nominations for this year 's Academy Awards .
Stick around .
We 're taking you live to Hollywood , next .
You 're watching AMERICAN MORNING.
The most news in the morning for the next 50 years , right here on CNN.
The race for the White House is on .
Hillary Rodham Clinton saying she 's ready to take her plan to the people .
You 'll hear it .
And the race is on for Oscar gold , too .
We 're minutes away from the nominations from the Academy Awards .
Those stories and much more ahead on this AMERICAN MORNING.
Welcome back , everybody .
It 's Tuesday , January 23rd .
I 'm Soledad O'Brien .
And I 'm Miles O'Brien .
We 're glad you 're with us .
President Bush is fighting an uphill battle , sending more troops into harm 's way from a nation weary of war .
In the past he could count on support from military families , but now some of those troops are going on their second , third , and sometimes fourth deployments to the war zone .
Our chief national correspondent John King is near Camp Lejeune , North Carolina with word on the weary troops .
Good morning , John .
Good morning to you , Miles .
They 'll certainly be watching the president closely tonight , and you 're right , there is more skepticism , even more opposition here .
We 're just up the road a bit from Camp Lejeune .
The Army 's Fort Bragg is a few hours away .
The Air Force Base , the Seymour Johnson Air Force Base , another of the many military installations here in North Carolina .
There 's a reason they 'll be listening closely to the president -- when the nation goes to war in North Carolina it 's often more personal .
Live fire drills at Camp Lejeune , anxious faces so young .
Check every single quarter .
The lesson here , door-to-door urban combat , preparation for battling insurgents in Iraq .
