Does this tree work ?
Yes .
Yes ?
Here or here .
Here ?
Right here ?
Here you go , buddy .
You get a firsthand demonstration of how great those claws work .
I will see you later .
He should have a little beret in his hand .
Thank you , America .
Whoa .
Not everything happens as planned .
We released the first sloth and it grabbed on to this vine and the vine broke , it came crashing down on the ground .
It probably fell about 20 feet .
Anderson , you feel his back .
I mean , basically ...
Wow , it 's hard .
Right here .
Especially right here , if you feel the shoulder .
I mean , that 's like ...
It 's like a shell , almost .
So when this creature falls -- and we feel the belly right there , it 's soft .
So , oftentimes , when sloths like this fall , they 'll just fall on their back .
And he 'll get up and he 's ready to go .
So you 've learned your lesson .
It 's the first lesson you 've learned .
Now , remember , do n't be like that joke .
We do n't want that joke , why did the sloth fall out of the tree ?
You know ?
OK .
We 'll put him in this tree .
There you go .
No worse for wear .
Poor little guy , but tough .
Tough as a sloth .
Who knew ?
We 're going to have more from Anderson in the Amazon rainforest coming up tomorrow .
And now to another corner of the world , Sierra Leone , a West African country ravaged by a civil war that broke out in the early '90s and has raged now for more than a decade .
Tens of thousands were killed and millions others forced from their homes and became refugees .
Many were children who fell into a nightmare forced by both sides in the conflict to become child soldiers , forced to do the unspeakable and to witness the unthinkable .
The United Nations estimates that more than 250,000 children are now fighting around the world as child soldiers .
Tonight , CNN 's Randi Kaye tells the story of one child .
His name is Ishmael Beah .
Growing up in Sierra Leone , he was a happy kid , loved to play soccer with his father and wrestle with his brothers .
But in 1993 , rebels looking to overthrow the government attacked his village .
That day was the first day we really started seeing first hand what -- those people .
There were -- there were , you know , women carrying their dead babies in their arms , fathers carrying their dead sons in their arms , a lot of bodies on the side of the street .
There were a lot of children running around screaming the names of their parents who they lost in the war .
There were a lot of people with bullet piercings in them .
The landscape that had been changed , that had been littered with dead bodies and rivers that were filled with blood .
Ishmael 's entire family was killed .
He was just 12 years old .
The jungle became home .
Ishmael slept in the trees .
Did you ever think that , you know , at your age that this -- this is n't what was meant to be ?
