He 's got one last shot .
I mean , that 's the way to look at it , I think .
It -- you know , it 's -- it 's Hail Mary time .
I do n't think he can come back to the well anymore , not six months , not 12 months .
I think this is it .
He has got to put on the table what he needs to turn this around .
And this policy will either work or it will fail .
No president wants to be a war president , but I am one .
His approval rate on handling Iraq is now 28 percent .
On top of his game less than four years ago , the president is out of cards .
Candy Crowley , CNN, Washington .
Well , up next , the Iraq hawks , they pushed for the war -- tonight , what makes them tick and why chances are you are more likely to follow their advice than you might think -- some surprising new insights ahead .
Plus : Your tax dollars are still covering the pensions of crooked congressmen .
Tonight , why is it taking so long to change the law ?
And how come we 're all still paying for it ?
We 're " Keeping Them Honest " -- when 360 continues .
Well , after President Bush 's speech tomorrow night , his top advisers know it is going to be a hard sell .
But surprising new research suggests that , no matter how you feel about Iraq , when it comes to war , human nature may cause you to embrace the opinions of hawks , like President Bush , than those of so - called doves .
CNN 's Tom Foreman explains .
In the beginning , one view held that the war would be long , difficult , and require many troops to win .
Something on the order of several hundred thousand soldiers are -- are -- are probably , you know , a figure that would be required .
But this was another view :
We can say with reasonable confidence that the notion of hundreds of thousands of American troops is way off the mark .
In terms of policy , the second view , that the war would be relatively easy and quick , was embraced .
Why ?
Maybe because humans naturally lean toward conflicts , and think they will win .
That 's the suggestion of a new paper co-authored by Nobel laureate and professor of psychology Daniel Kahneman .
If the leader gets advice from hawks and from doves , most of us will be predisposed to find the hawk more -- more persuasive than the dove .
Just the general population as well ?
The general population .
Blame it on human biases , shared by all races , ages , and nationalities .
Somebody ...
Do you live under a rock ?
For example , most of us think we are smarter , more skilled , and more fair-minded than average .
So , anyone who opposes us is seen as unreasonably hostile .
Whereas , in fact , their hostility could be a reaction to what you are doing , or it could be a reaction to internal politics .
It does n't have to be deep or permanent .
But we tend to exaggerate the permanence of the hostility on the other side .
Big guns go into action .
