Because ...
Would n't everyone want that done ?
...
I mean the complicating factor is you 've got a California judge issuing a ruling that requires somebody living in the Bahamas to do something .
And it gets really entangled , really complicated .
And unless the other person is willing to do it , it 's a complicated legal matter .
KIN
All right , would n't it be helpful , Mark , if all the men who say they want to be the father voluntarily got together and said let 's all submit our DNA and we all want to know who it is for the benefit of the little girl , who 's the only one that counts ?
Where are they going to do it , in a coliseum ?
I mean at a...
Well , how hard is it to do ?
... at a certain point , I mean there 's a lot of guys who are coming out and making that claim .
I mean the -- and a lot of this is , is really more complicated than it has to be .
I mean it -- it does not seem to me , at least , to be rocket science or very difficult for a judge to figure out , look , she had a will , she left all of it to her son .
She bought a plot for her son .
She bought a plot for herself next to where she buried her son .
Hello ?
Guess where she wanted to be buried ?
And she did not want to be buried anywhere near her mother , obviously .
And that 's why she buried her son there .
So I mean that ...
So this should be open and shut ?
That should be open and shut .
It 's far -- and I agree with you as far as the DNA .
You 've got three guys .
Get the DNA done .
You can turn it around in three days .
It 's the simplest thing in the world ...
Would n't they want it done ?
I do n't understand .
Well , I do n't know .
I mean ...
Well , there 's one of them , Larry ...
Somebody 's got to...
What ?
Larry , there 's one of them that clearly does not want it done , and that 's Howard Stern .
That 's why they went to Bahamas in the first place ...
Why not ?
... to avoid the jurisdiction of the U.S. courts .
Because I think it 's pretty clear he 's not the biological father .
What happened was Anna Nicole and Larry Birkhead had a relationship .
She got pregnant .
She told Larry that he was the father .
He went to prenatal visits .
He even went as a single dad to visits after they broke up .
Then she decides she wants Howard Stern to be the dad .
They move to the Bahamas to avoid the jurisdiction of U.S. courts , have the baby there and he 's been hiding from DNA tests that have been court ordered for the last five months .
Meanwhile , Larry , he 's bonding with this baby for five months .
He 's the only parent she knows now .
And at some point I think it 's clear there 's going to be a court order saying that baby has got to be given to the biological dad .
She 's going to have a new , strange parent in her life , somebody she 's never known .
And all of that is because he 's been hiding from the jurisdiction of U.S. courts .
