We take another break .
When we come back , what happens to the ones who are not found ?
Stay with us .
Time is crucial in a kidnapping .
Few children are killed by their captors , but in the United States three-quarters of those who do die are murdered within the first three hours .
After that , delay has a different impact .
The longer a child a missing , the harder they are to find because they grow and change .
Welcome back .
How do you tell people and police to be on the lookout for someone if you do n't know what they look like ?
Babies grow into children , children into young adults .
Experts do , though , have some tools to make something more than just an educated guess .
Tom Foreman explains .
When Katelyn Rivera - Helton disappeared in Pennsylvania in 1999 , she was one year old and looked like this .
Now , eight years later , forensic artists think she might look like this .
At the National Center For Missing and Exploited Children , they have many so-called age-progressed photos .
And Larry Bonney hopes you will take a hard look whenever you see one .
The trick is that , if you live next door to this child , or you have this child in your grade school class , and you 're a schoolteacher , and then you see the age-progressed photograph , that may ring a bell , and say , boy , that looks an awful lot like Jimmy .
Be thorough .
Just take your time .
Drawing a child who has been missing for years depends on precise knowledge of human growth and genetics .
Look at Shawn Hornbeck from when he disappeared at the age of 11 , four years ago .
To age his image , artists first considered typical adolescent growth patterns .
They made his face longer , his hair and eyebrows darker .
The eyes , themselves , somewhat more narrow .
His nose was lengthened and his cheekbones were made more prominent .
His mouth was drawn a little wider .
His chin made more distinct .
After all of this , artists typically look at pictures of the missing child 's relatives .
If the child is taken at two and they 're now ten , they 'll get pictures from the family at age 10 .
So of mom and dad ?
Mom , dad , yeah , of , you know , blood relatives , immediate family is what they 're looking for , assuming that genetic traits will remain fairly constant as the child grows .
It 's all blended , and this is how forensic artists thought Shawn would look at 15 .
And here he is .
In the end , all of this is a little bit about science , a little bit about art , and a lot about math , about simply improving the odds that a missing child will be spotted .
We want to keep these kids out there in front of the public .
The children need to have people looking for them .
And that 's a need that does not change , even as years pass .
Tom Foreman , CNN, Washington .
Many parents of abducted children are haunted by the unknowns .
Not only of what their may look like today but why they were taken , who took them and is it possible that they 're living a life without them .
