Out in the open tonight : the controversy over requiring sixth - grade girls to get the HPV vaccine to prevent the sexually transmitted disease that can lead to cervical cancer .
Texas has just started requiring the shots -- 18 other states also considering it .
Let 's go back to tonight 's " Out in the Open , " panel , Clarence Page , with his mike on -- yes -- Tara Wall , Rachel Maddow .
So , Clarence , should this be mandatory ...
I think ...
... and made mandatory by state government ?
PAG
You know , what troubles me is making it mandatory before the public is adequately educated , because I saw what happened with Roe vs. Wade , which I personally support as a decision .
But I saw the backlash , which we 're still feeling politically across the country , because it was imposed on the country .
This is a very personal thing .
Whenever government gets into something as personal as , say , 12-year-olds , like -- like , my 12-year-old niece , mandating that she has got to get a shot that many people think is connected to sexual promiscuity -- I do n't think it is .
Sure .
But so many people think that , we obviously need a lot of public educating out there .
So , it troubles me to do it do it too quickly .
But , even with public education ...
Yes .
... there is a strong view that you 're promoting promiscuity .
There are people think , since this vaccine has been around only for four years , that it really wo n't convincingly reduce rates of cervical cancer .
So , what difference is it going to make if there 's a time lag before you make it mandatory ?
It 's -- well , here 's the thing .
If we were talking about a vaccine for any other kind of cancer , as a person in your previous segment described , we would be singing hallelujah right now .
But the fact that this is a disease that is spread by sexual contact , human papillomavirus , which leads to cervical cancer , all of a sudden , we get hysterical and lose the ability to think reasonably about this .
Once you bring up sex , we lose all public health rationality about this .
And , so , I think that , really , what you need to consider is whether or not this going to be treated as a public health and safety issue , or whether this is going to be another thing about which we have a hysterical sex conversation involving teenagers , because we ca n't -- we have that debate .
But you know it will be a little bit of both of them .
Listen -- listen , you talk not having the buy-in , and the public not having the buy-in of the legislature .
The governor did this on his won .
The governor , whom I respect -- and , actually , he 's my governor .
I voted for him .
But he 's wrong .
He 's a conservative governor .
He is your governor .
He is .
He has been a very good conservative governor .
But he 's wrong on this issue .
As my mother says , a person can be sincere , but they can be sincerely wrong .
How can a vaccine for cancer be wrong ?
