The customers that came in today were just in absolute shock .
You know , they -- I had one fellow that comes in and picks up an order and has a cane .
He came up to me and embraced me and had tears in his eyes because Mike would always help him carry out the food .
He was just a conscientious guy .
He was a nice guy .
What about when Ben Ownby disappeared ?
Did you -- were you a little worried about the description of a white truck and the like and that Mike took the day off ?
Well , yes , exactly .
The -- when he took -- when Mike took the day off -- actually , he came to work that day and he did n't look very good .
So I said , " Mike , get your day set up and just take the day off .
So later that evening , I had heard the report of the truck and the description .
And I believe the initial description said that it had black Nissan lettering .
And so just , you know , just for the heck of it , plus being the fact that he was not at work on Tuesday , I drove by his apartment on Tuesday .
And I noticed his vehicle and it had gray lettering .
And I said well , good .
That 's a good thing .
It does n't have the black lettering .
But I did notice on his fenders there was road dust .
And there should n't have been road dust if he was -- if he was ill for two days .
So I mulled it over .
I said I do n't know if I want to go to the police .
If I 'm wrong , I 'll create a big stir for nothing .
But Thursday morning , I was -- I get in there early Thursday and I decided , you know , what is it going to hurt , I 'll go over and talk to the police .
I got over to the Kirkwood police station about 9:00 a.m.
I talked to Captain Folio ( ph ) , told him my concern .
And I think -- I believe at that time he checked his record , found that Michael had no previous record at all , other than a couple of traffic violations .
The detective said that -- or , excuse me -- Captain Folio said that he would contact the FBI task force and that 's -- that -- from that 's the rest of what we have right now .
John Walsh , do you think that Mr. Devlin can get a fair trial ?
Oh , I absolutely know he 'll get a fair trial .
This is America and in light of the facts coming out in the Duke rape case , sometimes people are falsely charged or something like that .
But I know he 's going to get a fair trial .
And I would say one thing to the two defense attorneys that are representing him .
And they 're so concerned with his health .
They 're so concerned with his diabetes .
You know , when Shawn Hornbeck was kidnapped , he was 4'7 " and weighed 90 pounds .
Michael Devlin weighs 300 pounds .
