It` s very purposeful .
You can tell .
They do a great job .
When you got the script , did you know ?
Did you realize this is a hit ?
It` s a risky show .
Yes , it is .
But when you get an idea , when you look at a script like this you get a real sense of whether it` s going to be something that` s good or something that` s less than good .
And the things that separate those two are the people involved in the writing and the actors .
And they went to no -- they spared no expense in getting the best .
You`re tremendous .
The show is great .
Please , pass it on to everybody .
It` s just great stuff .
Thank you very much .
All right .
Welcome to " The Real Story " .
NFL refused to run an ad for the U.S. Border Patrol in their Super Bowl program because it was too controversial .
Another story I told you about last week , Miller Brewing gave $ 30,000 to sponsor a pro-illegal immigrant demonstration to avoid boycotts of their beer .
And then we had Bank of America expanding a program for people without Social Security numbers to open up checking accounts and obtain credit cards .
What do they all have in common ?
Money .
These companies want that Hispanic market .
They are afraid of Hispanic boycotts .
And , worst of all , they know you`re not going to do jack about it .
Quite honestly , stories like these are just the very tip of the iceberg .
So this week , I` m going to show you the whole thing , or , if you want to appeal to the Hispanic market , let me put it this way : We`re going to show you the whole enchilada .
On Friday , I had told you that I had planned to start naming companies that are selling us out tonight .
But the more I thought about it this weekend , I realized that a better first step would be to explain why that` s so important .
The real story tonight is that companies do n` t just benefit from selling products to illegal immigrants ; they also benefit by using them to create products , as well .
Cheap labor means large profits .
And , once again , money trumps everything .
But how do these companies get away with it ?
I mean , if you take away the crack dealers , then there` s no more crack , and people eventually stop coming to your street corner to buy drugs .
So why are n` t we just shutting the companies down that supply the crack -- these jobs -- to illegals ?
Well , the answer is that the very people who we`re counting on to stop the problems , our weasel politicians , are actually the biggest part of the program .
About eight years ago , the government actually decided to get tough on businesses hiring illegal workers , and they performed two major raids .
In the first one , they were targeting farm workers in Georgia .
They found 4,000 illegal immigrants .
The second one , they raided meat-packing plants in three states and found almost 4,500 more suspected illegal workers .
Well , guess what happened next ?
Onion crops went unpicked ; meat - packing plants started to shut down .
