Dire words in dire times .
We hear from the first time from the father of Anne Frank .
The new letters and a newly-discovered American connection on this AMERICAN MORNING.
Welcome back , everybody .
It 's Thursday , February 15th .
I 'm Soledad O'Brien .
And I 'm Miles O'Brien .
Good morning to you .
Here 's what 's happening this morning .
In Iraq this morning , fresh word on the whereabouts of the anti-American agitator Muqtada al-Sadr .
We 're told the Shiite religious political and military leader is now in fact n Iran , has been there for a few days .
This comes from an aide to Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki .
The Iraqis had been denying U.S. claims al- Sadr was in Iran .
President Bush pointing the finger at Iran 's Quds force , accusing them of undermining security in Iraq .
It happened during his news conference yesterday , but he held off directly accusing Iran 's president and top leaders while answering this question from CNN 's Ed Henry ...
Are you saying today that you do not know if senior members of the Iranian government are , in fact , behind these explosives ?
That contradicts what U.S. officials said in Baghdad Sunday .
They said the highest levels of the Iranian government were behind this .
It also -- it seems to square with what General Pace has been saying but contradicts with what your own press secretary said yesterday .
Can I -- I ca n't say -- let me finish , Ed .
I ca n't say it more plainly .
There are weapons in Iraq that are harming U.S. troops because of the Quds force .
And as you know , I hope , that the Quds force is a part of the Iranian government .
Whether Ahmadinejad ordered the Quds force to do this , I do n't think we know .
But we do know that they 're there , and I intend to do something about it , and I 've asked our commanders to do something about it .
And we 're going to protect your troops .
President Bush has said the U.S. has no intention of invading Iran .
Critics are concerned the Bush administration is trying to build a case to do just that -- Soledad .
Well , the storm is over , but the mess remains this morning .
And there 's a warning , of course , that the roads are still very slick and messy .
Take a look at this amazing dashboard video .
It happened near Cincinnati , right at the height of the storm on Tuesday .
Ooh , a semi slides on the road , slams right into a car and a police truck .
We 'll roll it again for you .
The cops had gotten out to take a look at another accident .
He gets hits .
The car flips around .
The next thing you know , a semi trying to avoid his car slides .
Ooh .
Can you believe that nobody was hurt in that crash ?
Unbelievable .
And , of course , today this is how it looks across much of the Northeast and New England this morning .
Oh , yes , the snow plows , the snow blowers .
People just digging out after some record-setting snowfalls , including Greg Hunter .
He 's in Albany , New York .
More than 20 inches of snow fell on the ground there .
