That 's the way things are slowly and very carefully calibrated .
We 're talking here about downplaying issues and information unfavorable to the central government , or at least believed to be unfavorable .
And downplaying those issues that are unfavorable to media owners and their interests .
Just talk a little bit more about that , if you will .
Well , the media owners have a lot of connection with China .
Hong Kong is 7 million people .
It is quite small .
China is 1.3 billion people , an enormous part of the earth 's surface and people here have connections .
Increasingly we have people from the mainland who own actual percentages and sometimes very significant percentages of the media in Hong Kong .
Also , the owners here have financial interests in China and so they are always carefully looking over their shoulder to be sure that what their papers and radio stations , TV stations do here is not affecting too negatively what is going to be happening with their interests in China .
Would it then be correct to suggest there are no press freedoms in Hong Kong ?
And if that 's the case , what are journalists doing about it ?
Well , of course , you ca n't say there are no press freedoms in Hong Kong .
Hong Kong has on the whole a very free press and the important thing is that in the context of China , it has by far the freest media anywhere on Mainland China and it 's among the freest of media in all of Southeast Asia .
So the question becomes really if there is self censorship going on if reporters are censoring themselves and their editors are censoring them and their editors are censoring them in some way , however subtle it may be , are we exercising all of the press freedom that we really have available to us ?
And I think the answer to that has to be on the whole , no , there are too many people who feel constrained or in some way really are constrained because of fear .
Fear of upsetting China .
Fear of upsetting the Hong Kong government .
Fear of consequences that are completely unknown .
And it 's getting to be an atmosphere , a rather suffocating atmosphere where you feel the oxygen is slowly moving out of the room and as that increases , of course people just begin , in a sense , in fact , if you use the metaphor , they are breathing less deeply and exhaling less broadly .
And everything is sort of just tightening down and that 's the general feeling in the media here of Hong Kong is this constriction .
Francis Moriarty , we thank you very much indeed for joining us there from Hong Kong .
And up next on INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENTS here on CNN, famous for being famous .
More so now because of the scandal following her sudden death .
We 'll look at the media 's fascination with Anna Nicole Smith .
Up next .
Stay with us .
Welcome back .
You are watching CNN.
Now , it drew more coverage in the U.S. than events in Iraq .
We 're talking about the death of the former model , Anna Nicole Smith .
The circumstances behind it , the subsequent paternity battle and fight over where the centerfold 's body should be buried .
Well , in a moment we 'll look at whether the wall to wall coverage is warranted and examine the public interest in the story .
