Yes .
I had to sit in the courtroom and listen to this young man say all the terrible things he had -- that had been done to my son .
And I did n't think I was going to survive that .
But I kept thinking , you know , if -- I do n't know how this is .
It could n't be this way .
And I told the police , and I told -- I even told the news reporters , this -- this boy is perjuring himself .
I do n't know why .
I ca n't comprehend why .
And , finally , they gave him a lie-detector test , and he failed it .
I understand you -- you have stayed .
You have kept your number the same .
You have -- you have -- you know , you have -- you have stayed in the same place , because you want -- if Arlin is able to come back , you want him to be able to find you .
Do -- do you -- is there still -- there -- you still have hope every day ?
HENDERSON-GRIFFIT
Oh , yes , every day .
I can just see him walking up .
I have stayed in the same place .
I have changed my phone number , but I kept it under his father 's name , Arthur Henderson , so he would know .
And everybody around knows me .
And , if he went anywhere , he could find me .
Debra , I 'm -- I 'm sorry to be talking to you under these circumstances .
But you 're -- you are a strong woman .
And -- and I know it 's important for to you get the message out about Arlin and about all the other kids out there who are still missing .
So , I appreciate you talking .
HENDERSON-GRIFFIT
Well , thank you for having -- having me .
And thank you for keeping Arlin 's name going , and his pictures going , because , some day , there is going to be a miracle .
And you are all invited to the party .
Well , I will -- I will be happy to be there .
HENDERSON-GRIFFIT
Thank you .
( END VIDEOTAPE )
We will definitely be happy to be there .
Accused kidnapper Michael Devlin seemed normal to his neighbors and co-workers , but was he really leading a double life ?
Could he be a criminal ?
And could his neighbors have been living next to someone they did n't even know ?
Plus : 100 hours of legislation in half the time .
House Democrats , well , they made it look easy , but will their bills get passed ?
The slower Senate -- we 're " Keeping Them Honest , " when 360 continues .
That 's video of the Michael Devlin 's arraignment today .
Last week , he was a pizza manager .
Tonight , he 's an accused child abductor -- if true , two very different sides of the same man .
We have seen this before , of course , when what appears to be a typical life turns out to be anything but .
Here is CNN 's Randi Kaye .
First comes the crime , followed by the capture , and , then , inevitably , the shock and amazement .
He was kind of a quiet guy .
He sort of stayed by himself .
Dennis Rader blended in well in a Kansas community gripped by fear for decades .
He had a wife and two children , and even served as his church president .
How could anyone have guessed he was the infamous BTK killer , responsible for at least 10 murders ?
All of them involved torture , too .
