Miles .
All right .
Big news .
Chrysler seemed to be doing so well too .
It seemed to be , but it looks like they 're all having trouble .
All right , Ali , thank you very much .
The top stories of the morning are coming up next .
The brutal winter storm .
People are stranded in their homes .
Even worse , some are stranded in their cars .
And Al Franken wants a new gig .
We 'll tell you what he 's got up his sleeve today .
You 're watching AMERICAN MORNING.
The most news in the morning is right here .
Weather alert .
Snow , ice , howling winds now hammering a dozen states in the Northeast .
And travel in the Midwest is a big mess .
Breaking news .
Video surfaces within this past hour of an American soldier kidnapped months ago in Iraq .
Is all Sadr on the run ?
There are reports that one of Iraq 's most dangerous men is hiding in Iran .
We 'll tell you what his lieutenants are saying .
And it 's no joke .
Liberal talk show host and comedian Al Franken expected he 's ready to run for a new job on this AMERICAN MORNING.
Welcome back , everybody .
It 's Wednesday , February 14th .
I 'm Soledad O'Brien .
Happy Valentine 's Day .
Oh , same to you .
Thank you for the chocolates and the flowers .
You 're the best .
They 're on the way .
They 're on the way .
Exactly , nothing .
And I 'm in deep trouble already .
Let 's begin this morning with this big winter storm we 've been talking about , actually for many days across the country .
It is now turning right in to the Northeast .
There are blizzard warnings , winter storm warnings .
There 's ice , there 's heavy snow .
We 've got team coverage for you this morning .
CNN 's Rob Marciano is in Cleveland , Ohio .
Greg Hunter is in Albany , New York .
Chad Myers is watching it all from the CNN weather center .
We 're going to check in with all of them in just a moment for an update .
First , though , a look at just how bad it 's been .
It is the worst .
It is the worst .
It 's terrible out here .
Here , unfortunately , is all across the Midwest and in to the Northeast .
In St . Louis , eight inches of snow on the ground as of last night .
Thirty-mile-an-hour winds creating dangerous whiteout conditions .
Fort Wayne , Indiana , hammered with a foot of snow and six-foot high snowdrifts in places .
While the plows are out , most people are staying in .
Government offices and schools are closed .
More than 900 flights canceled at Chicago 's O'Hare .
The highways not much better .
Around Cleveland , drivers are stranded by snow , freezing rain and brutal winds .
How long you been stuck out here ?
Just about 30 minutes now .
The winter blast is also being blamed for at least one death , a 9-year-old girl who was killed by a falling tree .
East of Pittsburgh and Virginia , dozens of accidents already reported on slushy and icy roads .
And in upstate New York , they 've already gotten almost 12 feet of snow in some places .
The plows in Syracuse and the guys driving them are getting ready for even more .
