The last report of the commission talks about harassments of journalists , a lack of impunity in cases of assassination of journalists .
So vaguely defined norms , use of the state police .
So there are serious concerns that this is a pattern designed to increase the control of the society by one way of thinking .
Flor in Caracas , these must be interesting times to be operating as a journalist in Venezuela .
What is it like ?
In my case , personal case , as - even if I 'm Venezuelan , I work for an international press .
And I - we have another mechanisms because our media do n't go under Venezuelan laws .
So it 's - but it 's difficult to work right now .
It 's a little bit slow , the way that people - because nobody wants to talk in most of the cases .
Dr.
Grossman in Washington , you 're a former president of the OAS Human Rights Commission .
How do you view this row between the OAS and President Chavez over the revocation of - the revoking of this license for the TV station ?
Well , indeed , we 're concerned because I think after the rejection of the dictatorship in the region , the processes of transitions of democracy that took place in Chile , Argentina , Peru , I mean , there is a big hope of an increased let me say freedom for everyone , which is what is established in the different instruments of ( INAUDIBLE) .
And I 'm particularly concerned now by the so-called desacato ( ph ) contempt loss , which criminalize the criticism to power link officers .
If anyone looking at this problems were to repeat the expressions that President Chavez said concerning the Secretary General for ( INAUDIBLE) , using the same words but changing the object , in other words mentioning Chavez , he or she would go to jail for more than three years .
So we have a whole interest in the region in expansion of realm of expression and the supervision of power link officers .
And this is - this round counters this movement in the region to expand freedom .
We 'll have to leave it there .
Dr. Claudio Grossman in Washington , D.C. , Flor Santamaria in Caracas , thank you very much indeed .
Up next on INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENTS , " The Economist " in focus .
We discuss taking a position on issues with its editor .
Stay with us .
Welcome back .
It 's one of the most respected and iconic magazines in the world , driving debate through strong opinions .
And there 's more than 160 years ago in Britain , " The Economist " has risen to a position of global influence with its eye-catching front covers and renowned editorial positions .
It 's also rapidly expanded its circulation in recent years with major pushes into North America and Asia .
Well , to discuss this further , I 'm joined by the editor of " The Economist , " John Micklethwait .
What distinguishes " The Economist " ?
I think what 's different about us is that we are a global newspaper .
We look at the whole world .
We do n't just sort of concentrate on one particular bit .
Try and look at it from a global perspective .
And as you said , we do take an opinion .
We try and give a view about what 's happening .
We give a loaded objective reporting .
But we also say what we think about it .
