Well , exactly .
There 's no -- there 's no policy behind it .
It -- it -- they have n't really gone to say , are we going to do sort of a Baker/Hamilton , and have a lot of negotiations , or what ?
I -- I think it 's more symbolic than anything else .
She has this problem , Anderson , and that is , her chief rivals now for the Democratic nomination are emerging as John Edwards and Barack Obama .
And both of them are taking very strong anti-war positions , Edwards in particular .
And that 's going to leave her , with her own party -- her own base is enamored with the idea -- and a lot of the activists in the Democratic Party are enamored with the idea -- of voting no , and actually trying to prevent the president from doing that .
But , to win a general election , you -- I think to be the party who says , no more troops , and actually stops it , is very dangerous politically .
So , she -- she 's in a dancing position .
She 's trying to keep her base happy , and , at the same time , not damage her prospects for a general election .
She is also , though , trying to set herself up in contrast to President Bush .
She 's now saying Maliki -- you know , she got lip service from Maliki , that , basically , she does n't believe him , whereas the president is now sort of in this unenviable position of saying , you know , in effect , what he said about Vladimir Putin in -- in Russia , that he , you know , looked into his eyes and saw his soul .
Oh , absolutely .
And I think , on that part -- on that part of it , Mrs. Clinton is very wise , because , you know , all the signs have been -- since the president gave that speech about the surge , all the signs have been that -- that Maliki is pursuing an entirely different course -- course .
And , of course , his government looks not only incompetent , but monstrous , when it comes to hangings , so that I think to separate out from Maliki is wise on her part .
The president is -- is , at the moment , held hostage by Maliki , because he has bet -- he -- he has bet the farm on Maliki .
And -- and Mrs. Clinton sees , that 's not a very good bet .
Should the White House be nervous about the Senate 's nonbinding resolution opposing the troop increase ?
Yes , they -- the White House should be , very definitely , nervous about it .
A -- a vote by the United States Senate against the troop increase , not one that handcuffs him , but it 's a resolution saying , we do n't approve this , and a vote that attracted up to 10 or 12 Republican senators , would be a major political blow , damaging to the president , would hurt him in Iraq , would send a clear signal to Maliki and others in Iraq that this president is hanging on at home .
And that weakens his negotiating -- it weakens his leverage position .
That 's what a lot of Republicans are trying to argue .
It does -- indeed , does weaken his bargaining position in Iraq .
