I really appreciate it .
From the weapons of war to the warriors -- our three generals .
CNN military analysts coming up on THIS WEEK AT WAR .
Well , it 's not often that you get three retired generals in the same place at the same time , so we thought that we would take advantage of this rare alignment to drill down farther on the new troops and new commanders for the Iraq War .
Joining me now all in Atlanta is Major General Don Shepperd , U.S. Air Force , retired ; and Brigadier Generals David Grange and James " Spider " Marks , U.S. Army , retired .
The man tapped to take command of all of the U.S. forces across the Middle East , Admiral William Fallon , was in the hot seat before the Senate Armed Services Committee .
On Tuesday , he carefully dodged questions from Senator Lindsey Graham , Republican of South Carolina , about how many troops it may take to bring peace .
I do n't know how many troops are going to be necessary to effect the outcome that we want , but General Petraeus , in my conversations with him , indicated that he believes he needs these troops now to -- to get moving ( UNINTELLIGIBLE) ...
And if he said he needed more , you would support him ?
FALLO
I do n't know , sir .
I have n't been there yet and I 'm not in a position to make that judgment .
General Shepperd , why do n't we start with you , because you had a meeting at the Pentagon the very next day .
What do you make of Fallon 's comments there ?
He 's not exactly jumping on board in support of the president 's plan .
Yes , I think General Fallon -- or Admiral Fallon is a straight talking , tough Navy admiral .
I think he 's telling it like it is and I do n't think he knows if this strategy is going to work or not .
So I believe he 's just looking straight in the camera and saying it may work , it may not , I do n't know .
When I get there , I 'll try to make it work .
General Grange ?
Well , the same thing .
I do n't think he 's done all his evaluations yet , at least at the time of the testimony .
I do believe , though , that if General Petraeus says he needs more troops that Admiral Fallon would fight for that .
General Grange , you 're an intelligence man .
The National Intelligence Estimate came out on Friday .
It said that there is risk of further deterioration in Iraq , that things are not going well there , that if the United States were to pull out , the Iraqi security forces probably could not survive as a non-sectarian entity .
Any of that surprising ?
No.
It 's really not , John .
The fact of the matter is the judgment , the primary judgment that comes out of the NIE is that the primary violence that we see today is this sectarian violence .
That does n't surprise us .
What is mentioned and needs to be highlighted is the root cause of that is former Baathists , Sunni extremists , Al Qaeda In Iraq .
That needs to be addressed , as well .
