With the advent of the Internet , we can develop posters and shoot that out worldwide within seconds .
As -- before that , we were using the mail system , Amber Alerts .
More than 300 children have been found because -- using radio and television to saturate a community with the pertinent information about the crime , engaging the public .
They 're helping to bring children home today .
But there are still some kids who are n't home .
Let 's took a -- talk about ...
Absolutely .
... some of these cases .
Let 's take a look .
We have Avery Stately , who is 2 years old , and his half-brother , Tristan White .
They 're missing from Lake -- Red Lake , Minnesota .
And they went missing back in November .
They live on a -- an Indian reservation .
You know , we really do n't have too many leads , because they just sort of vanished .
Just vanished ?
Just vanished .
These are young kids .
You have older kids , too , of course .
We do .
The next one is 15-year-old Coreen Wiese .
She is missing from Buxton , Maine .
She went missing in November .
And no one has seen her .
She was at her school .
That was the last time that -- that anyone saw her .
So often , people see a teenager missing and think , ah , runaway .
Can you cross that out in a case like this ?
No.
You know , we need to believe that she 's in danger , and everyone needs to search for her .
There -- there 's nothing that tells us otherwise .
So , we need the public 's help .
This recent case , Elizabeth Smart , too , cases where kids were being hidden in plain sight , are there certain things that people in a community should look out for to try and detect these kids in their midst ?
Well , a few things .
If you see a school-age child who is home alone , who is not going to school , you know , that 's a red flag .
They could have trust issues .
They could be fearful .
They may not want to talk about the history .
They also may not want to invite other kids to their home .
And , also , maybe a mother who has a baby , and she 's never spoken once about adoption , or she 's never been pregnant -- those are just a few signs .
Joann , I think John has a question for you -- John .
Joann , I 'm just -- I 'm just wondering , in a -- in a case like this , where Shawn Hornbeck was actually asked by friends if he was Shawn Hornbeck , because fliers with his photo had been distributed in the neighborhood where he was living , and -- and he denied it , if -- if we had n't had this break in the case with Ben Ownby being kidnapped , and -- and that -- that classmate seeing that pickup truck speeding away , could you have ever hoped to have identified Shawn Hornbeck and gotten him back to his family ?
We always have hope , John .
That is the one message here at the center .
We never close a case until we get some sort of resolution .
