It` s absolutely unbelievable .
So I would imagine on your web site people are signing petitions .
What are you asking people to do ?
What would help get the cross back ?
Well , we`ve asked people to sign the petition .
The petition is very simple .
It says we disagree with this change and would like to go back to the former policy .
And so people can sign that .
People have all different types of reasons why they disagree with the policy , and they`ve written letters .
We`ve posted some letters online .
People can send e-mails to the president .
People can send e-mails to the board of visitors .
I` m looking at the pictures of this cross and I` m thinking , man , unless you are somebody who has been actually crucified or you`re a vampire , I ca n` t imagine what` s spooking you about it .
Vince , thanks a lot .
Thanks .
We`ll be back with the " The Real Story " next .
All right .
Welcome to " The Real Story . "
Yesterday , the president sent Congress a $ 2.9 trabillion budget , and it was very warmly received by the Democrats .
No, it was .
Today the media is throwing around a bunch of different numbers , but the only real number that matters is this one : $ 1.6 trillion .
That is the amount of money that we`re going to keep if the president gets to keep his first-term tax cuts and make them permanent .
But the Democrats are n` t exactly lining up to support that , which is a shame , because the real story is that virtually every tax cut in history has helped the U.S. economy , and this one is no different .
Now , for any Democrat who is too busy to do their own homework , please , let me do it for you .
I`ll give you a quick history lesson .
Let` s start in the 1920s .
You might remember it as the roaring `20s .
Guess why they were roaring ?
Congress cut taxes five times during that decade .
According to the U.S. Treasury , quote , " As tax rates declined , the economy was strengthened further . "
Gee , that does n` t sound logical .
After the stock market crash in `29 , the brainiacs in the government figured out what better way to get us out of this hole than to make everybody pay more in taxes , so they raised them .
By 1936 , the top tax rate had ballooned to -- you ready ?
-- 79 percent .
Gee , you still wonder why it took us so long to get out of the Great Depression ?
By the end of World War II , taxes had been raised so much that the wealthiest people faced a top marginal tax rate of 94 percent .
That` s probably about the same time that the Grand Caymans became quite the offshore travel destination .
By the late 1960s , early `70s , the economy was not surprisingly underperforming badly .
Enter Ronald Reagan , 1981 , tax cuts .
They worked so well that the U.S. Treasury said , quote , " They convinced many political leaders of both parties that lower tax rates were essential to a strong economy . "
Did you hear that ?
People in charge of our money said the evidence was so overwhelming that tax cuts actually became bipartisan .
During Reagan` s term in office , our country` s gross domestic product had grown an unbelievable 27 percent .
Unfortunately , those pesky , you know , 22nd amendment details got in the way and Reagan had to leave office , giving way to Mr. " Read My Lips " himself , George Bush , who promptly signed a , quote , " significant tax increase " right into law in 1990 .
Through not to be shocked , but our GDP actually declined in `91 .
Starting to see a trend here ?
