Hello , good morning to you .
Good morning .
Were you surprised by this verdict today ?
I 'm very surprised to see this verdict to come on me .
Guy became an overnight global sensation .
( SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE ) .
MOO
His deer in the headlights expression plays continuously on the Guy Goma fan site .
He 's even had poetry written about him .
" He 's obviously no choker at life 's game of poker . "
And everyone asks the same question ...
Did you get the job ?
Have you got the job ?
Did you get the job that you came to the interview ?
Well , now we know he did n't , despite a petition with over 5,000 names on it at guygoma.com .
The BBC wo n't say why Guy did n't get the IT job , but he has gotten lots of other things .
For instance , his very own entry in the online encyclopedia Wikipedia .
He 's gotten his very own celebrity P.R. rep.
He 's appeared on a big-time British comedy show .
A company that supplies freelance TV technicians hired him to do an online commercial .
Three , two , action .
Do n't adjust your sound .
Guy plays a hapless technician who forgot to put a mic at the end of his poll .
The company says it took a lot of takes to recreate that famous expression , but will Guy ever find the right job ?
In the meantime , he 's auctioning off his lucky blue shirt for charity , the one he wore during his surprise guest appearance .
Bidding is up to more than $ 190 .
" P.S. , " Guy notes , " the shirt has been worn a couple of times . "
Actually , we 've seen it practically every time Guy 's been in the public eye .
Fans have put Guy 's expression to music , even his words .
Good morning .
A group called The Sex Bishops has sexed up Guy 's delivery .
Good morning .
I 'm very surprised to see ...
Jeanne Moos , CNN, New York .
Not quite being there , but almost .
Coming up , your dog could have some new rights in the new year .
We 'll take a look at new state laws for 2007 .
Plus , we 're going to go live to southern California for a sneak peek at today 's Rose Parade .
Jack Hanna joins us with some of his animal friends ahead on AMERICAN MORNING.
Happy New Year !
Welcome to the New Year .
A million people packing Times Square to usher in 2007 and we are live on the morning after with more reasons to celebrate , like a big paycheck or a bigger paycheck for some people .
I 'm looking forward to that .
Wintry blitz , massive storms turning deadly in the plains states , drivers stranded , thousands of people without power .
The rose parade rolls today .
A look ahead at the beloved event with the help of Jack Hanna and some of his amazing animal friends .
All happening on this AMERICAN MORNING and welcome back , everybody .
It is Monday , January 1st .
It is the New Year .
I 'm Soledad O'Brien .
I 'm John Roberts in for Miles O'Brien this morning .
Thanks very much for joining us .
How do you like an eight-foot Burmese python ?
I like it fine when we 're doing it as a remote with Jack Hanna who 's handling it and I do n't have to touch it .
We 're going to talk about that in just a little bit .
Also we 're talking about some of the new laws that the New Year brings .
Seven states , in fact , are raising the minimum wage .
Arizona , California , Delaware , Massachusetts , New York , North Carolina and Pennsylvania are the states .
Now , the Federal minimum wage is $ 5.15 an hour .
The state increases will go as high as $ 7.50 an hour .
In Illinois a new law is going after copy cat music groups .
Tribute acts now must make it clear in advertising that they 're a salute to the actual band .
