So this is not happening in a vacuum .
And if it needs to be finessed at higher levels , that would n't surprise me in the least .
David might well indeed be on to something .
Yes , a one-sided proxy war , though , Michael , because the U.S. is its own proxy there in Baghdad .
David Gergen , why do you think that the administration is talking so much about Iran these days ?
Is it trying to find a boogeyman for all of the problems in Iraq ?
Or could this really be leading to another development here in the war ?
Well , there are ominous signs that we 're stepping up the pressure and that they 're stepping up the pressure simultaneously .
You know , " Newsweek " has reported this week , John , as you know , that the United States is preparing to send a third carrier into the Persian Gulf region , to follow the second one , the president announced only a few weeks ago .
So there is clear indications that both sides are ratcheting it up , that we could stumble into a confrontation , that one side may wish to prod the other one and goad it into some sort of action that will allow them to retaliate .
You know , I have no doubt that the United States government , the military , as well as the White House , feel that Iran is meddling too much and that they -- Iran is a real problem .
And there are a couple of explanations for that .
One is Iran would like to have the United States fail in Iraq .
The other thing is they 'd like to keep -- they 'd like to remind the United States , if you have hit us , if you have go after regime change in Iran , we can really cause you deep problems in Iraq .
Do n't mess with us .
Yes .
And as some people have pointed out to me , David , in the last few days , that the more ships you throw in there to the Gulf , the greater you have increase the chances that some sort of action could happen ...
Absolutely .
... that could trigger a very fast escalation .
David Gergen in Boston and Michael Ware in Baghdad , thanks .
Up next on 360 , back to Anderson on the edge of the Amazon rainforest with Jeff Corwin from " Animal Planet , " and a surprise or two , which may mean that Jeff has caught himself an alligator .
Plus , a fateful call .
His former top aide is on trial for perjury .
But Vice President Cheney wo n't take the stand .
So which one of the president 's men will take the fall ?
And Anna Nicole 's final moments .
She 's not breathing and she 's not responsive .
She 's actually Anna Nicole Smith .
The dramatic 911 call , ahead on 360 .
Hey , welcome back .
We are coming to you from the edge of the Amazon in central Brazil .
I 'm here with Wildlife Biologist Jeff Corwin , who literally has been wandering around in the forest for the last 20 or so minutes .
You 're covered in ants .
And mud .
COOPE
What did you find ?
I 've completed my own vision quest .
I have had this awesome odyssey .
But what I 'm about to show you just beautifully illustrates the biodiversity of this ecosystem .
