Stay with us .
UFO-ho!
An unidentified flying object , actually two of them , caught on tape over Hawaii .
I love this music , by the way .
That 's "X-Files " music , in case you do n't watch the program .
This comes from our affiliate KHON.
One eyewitness said they looked like fireballs or shooting stars .
Where ?
There we go .
There we go .
They changed directions several times .
Nothing showed up on the radars for either the weather service or the FAA .
There was a missile test off of Kauai , but not until an hour later .
One astronomer suggests it might be ice contrail or something from an airliner .
That 's as likely a scenario as I can come up with .
Or maybe they 're smoking something a little funny in Hawaii .
I hear they have that there .
So I hear .
Anyway ...
Well , thanks to the success of Elmo , other " Sesame Street " characters are going extreme .
Twenty-five minutes past the hour .
Ali Velshi is here with that .
Did you ever have any interaction with that T.M.X .
Elmo ?
We had it here on the set and it did -- it just made you laugh .
Yes , it 's out of control .
But then after about two minutes , you wanted to shoot it .
Well , this is it .
I mean , you take a look three times and it does offer some fancy stuff .
This was -- they brought this out sort of 10 years after Elmo first came out , Tickle Me Elmo .
And after Tickle Me Elmo , the first version came out , they came out with Cookie Monster and an Ernie that was very successful .
And because of the success of T.M.X .
Elmo , they 're now going to come out -- this is Mattel -- is going to come out with T.M.X .
versions of Cookie Monster and Ernie this year .
They 're going to come out in October .
Those are the photos , because we do n't really have working prototypes .
But they will be a little cheaper .
T.M.X . was about $ 40 .
These will be about $ 30.
They 'll also need three tickles to get working .
Ernie is going to giggle and laugh and kick his legs in laughter , spin in a complete circle and then get back up .
Cookie Monster is going to giggle and laugh and roll from side to side and then get up .
And then they 're going to have like a Pizza Elmo coming out later this year as well , for just $ 20.
I guess we just ca n't get enough of these .
What , do you feed it a pizza and it laughs ?
No, it has like a pizza in its hands .
Oh , OK .
VELSH
And then it sings along with Elmo .
Got you .
Look , people are buying this stuff .
Who knows ?
There 's no end .
It 's remarkable .
I mean , this is ...
It 's a phenomenon .
... this is a big issue , because what do you do in the toy world to get better and fancier without going sort of all extreme to the video games ?
Well , there you go , Tickle Me Ernie and -- T.M.X .
Ernie and Cookie Monster .
