Yes , absolutely .
Do n't let them do it in a room by themselves .
All right , Jacki , thank you very much .
Sure .
Soledad .
All right .
Thank you .
Here 's a big oops .
A major retail has lost information on lots of its customer .
Twenty-five minutes past the hour .
Ali is " Minding Your Business " for you this morning .
Good morning .
Who are we talking about ?
We 're talking about TJK Companies .
They 're the owners of T.J. Maxx and Marshalls discounters .
TJX Companies .
They said the systems were hacked late last year and they know exactly how many people were affected , except they wo n't really tell us .
I think the word they used was substantially less than millions , which is exactly how much money I make .
I 'm going to be back in an hour to tell you a little bit more about who might have been affected .
But if you have shopped at T.J. Maxx or Marshalls or one of those stores in the last few months , you might want to check your credit card statements .
Apple earnings came out yesterday .
Listen to this .
Apple profits were up 78 percent in the last three months of 2006 .
They sold 21 million iPods over the holiday season , 1.6 million Macs .
And over on markets , the Dow hit 12,600 for the first time ever yesterday , but it closed with a little loss , about five points lower than it closed the day before .
This is because we had some inflation numbers that were a little higher yesterday than people expected and oil edged up just a smidge to about $ 52 a barrel .
Those things make investors worry that the Fed might raise rates when it meet at the end of the year .
Soledad .
All right , Ali , thanks .
A look at the top stories of the morning .
Coming up next , is the U.S. stepping up its military might in Africa ?
We 're going to check in with a top diplomat in the region .
And new clues from the cockpit about the Comair crash that killed 49 people in Kentucky last year .
Dangerously slick roads are turning deadly across the country this week and learn to navigate and negotiate the winter roads because Rob went to winter driving school .
He 'll share what he learned straight ahead on AMERICAN MORNING.
The most news in the morning is right here on CNN.
Chit chat in the cockpit .
Newly released transcripts showing the flight crew of that plane that crashed in Kentucky not paying full attention as they rolled down the wrong runway .
Push for peace inside a critical front on America 's war on terror with the U.S. 's top diplomat in Africa .
She joins us coming up .
Wild weather .
Snow on the sand in southern California .
Yes , you heard me right .
Ice makes a mess in Texas .
The latest forecast and tips for driving safely on this AMERICAN MORNING.
And welcome back , everybody .
It 's Thursday , January 18th .
I 'm Soledad O'Brien .
I 'm Miles O'Brien .
Thanks for being with us .
Let 's begin in Missouri this hour .
The man accused of kidnapping two boys is now being investigated in other cases of missing children .
Michael Devlin is due in court in a few hours .
