Just a real quick reaction to last night 's show .
I know that a lot of radio talk shows talked about ...
I need a brief answer .
I mean , I 'm glad it created some type of dialogue .
But a lot of our listeners , until we have people that represent our hip-hop community , they ca n't understand it .
All right .
Well , we certainly have started the conversation and gotten the ball rolling .
And thank you so much for joining us tonight , Yung Joc , Donnell Rawlings .
Appreciate your time .
Now , we got thousands of e-mails about our hip-hop special -- coming up next , an " Out in the Open " panel will sift through some of the most interesting and angriest ones you fired at us .
Also ahead : bare skin and bad attitudes -- hip-hop 's treatment of women out in the open .
And , then , a little bit later on : one of the black leaders of tomorrow , a preacher with a huge congregation .
And it seems to be growing by the minute .
He will tell us his secret to his success when we come back .
Welcome to " The Adimu Show . "
It 's still Black History Month , man .
Let 's talk about hip-hop today , all right ?
CNN did an interesting piece last night on Paula Zahn 's show , PAULA ZAHN NOW.
So , I want to talk about hip-hop , the music , the culture , the lyrics .
The imagery is so powerful worldwide .
And the question is , is hip-hop art or is it poison ?
And , if it 's poison , who should we hold accountable ?
Who is responsible ?
Who are the artists that are spitting poison ?
Well , our special last night , " Hip-hop : Art or Poison ? " certainly generated a lot of reaction , thousands of e-mails .
And we want to hear what tonight 's " Out in the Open " panel has to say about that special and what you are saying after it aired .
Amy Holmes is a Republican political strategist .
Joe Madison is a talk show host at Washington 's WOL Radio .
And Cliff Schecter is a blogger for The Huffington Post and AMERICAblog .
Good to see all three of you .
Let me add XM in there , too .
Oh , oops .
Yes .
We did n't get it all in there .
Got to do that plug there .
Let 's start with this first e-mail from Piper Anderson , where he or she -- not sure whether Piper is female or male -- writes : " Hollywood has perpetuated images of violence , sexism and homophobia long before hip-hop came into existence .
Yet , I have never heard anyone blame Martin Scorsese for the portrayal of gangsters .
'Scarface ' is one of the most celebrated American films , yet , it has never been accused of increasing crime .
Hip-hop is being scapegoated . "
Amy ?
Well , I think the e-mailer is forgetting that Hollywood has come under intense criticism for propagating sex , crime , violence , pornography .
We have presidential candidates that are routinely decrying what Hollywood is pumping out .
But she does have a point in the sense that hip-hop being -- getting a scapegoat here .
I think we are living in a widely pornographic entertainment culture .
And it 's not just hip-hop .
It 's across the spectrum .
