We also found , you know , information on how to get to Colleen Shipman 's house and we recovered in her car a , you know , rubber tubing , latex gloves , a knife with a serrated edge and a steel mallet that -- they were all brand new items with some of the packaging still available .
Will the astronauts , Buzz , stand by her ?
I think so .
I 'm reminded of a phrase , and I 'm just not sure how it applies here , but it 's worth thinking about , that hell hath no fury like a scorned woman .
And that 's got to play a role in here .
And I understand that -- that there were some allegations of previous stalking type activities .
By her ?
Yes .
Yes .
Have you heard that ?
I heard that .
Had you heard that , John Zarrella , that there have been previous kind of stories about her ?
Yes .
That -- well , what came out today also was that Colleen Shipman had filed a restraining order on the fifth of this month against Lisa Nowak , alleging that Lisa Nowak had been stalking her for two months , although the two had never apparently met .
Now , it also came out this afternoon , Larry , that , you know , her family issued a statement saying this was very much out of character .
This is from her sister and her parents in Maryland , that they could not understand this at all , very much out of character .
But also it came out that she is apparently -- that is Nowak has apparently been separated now for several weeks from her husband , who either now -- Miles may be able to correct me on this if I 'm wrong -- worked for or in mission control at the Johnson Space Center .
Is that right , Miles ?
That 's right , yes .
He also has some Navy lineage and I 'm told that he is a flight controller at the mission control at the Space Center .
So , it just came to light to us just an hour or so ago from the family that they had been separated .
So that was news to us .
And he has n't said anything , right ?
He has n't said anything , no .
Well , Buzz , we thank you for joining us .
But before you leave , where is this going to go , do you think ?
Well , you know , we were looking before at are there ways of detecting something by somebody 's early childhood or how they behaved before , let 's say , getting to the Navy , going to the Naval Academy or before being selected .
It strikes me that we 're dealing with something that has to do with supervision after people are part of the astronaut business .
And I really hate to raise that , but it seems to me that there needs to be a little bit more oversight somehow .
And I do n't know how to carry it out , but this is certainly an indication that had somebody been overseeing the performance of people under their jurisdiction a little closer , maybe they could have dictated -- or detected this and then maybe issued a warning of some sort , hey , it 's time to cool it , or whatever .
