He was always writing in the margins or doodling somehow .
His father , Dick , has notebooks filled with his son 's drawings and inventions .
A random collection of things , have n't sorted through all the papers and all the good stuff .
Karl had helped his school establish a robotics team and was fascinated with the idea of joining the rough-and-ready Marines , unusual for a young man from a Buddhist home .
I think the idea appealed to him , you know , if you 're going to do something , then do the toughest thing .
Maybe it was for his own self-esteem or self-discipline .
I know he wanted to pay society back for what he 'd been given .
He felt an obligation to help serve the country .
He volunteered for everything .
Within a week or two , you could n't even tell that he was new .
A little sense of the kind of young men we 're talking about here , these four young men caught in this one terrible ambush .
In the show we have video of the actual ambush that night , what happened to them , the whole terrible story .
But , more importantly , the inspiration that these young people have brought to this nation ; it is well , well worth seeing for that alone , John .
And Tom , you and I have talked about this in the past , and the way they died was just an incredible stroke of bad luck .
We 'll save that for this evening .
Tom , thank you very much .
You can catch the rest of this report tonight at 10:00 a.m.
Eastern on a special edition of " Anderson Cooper 360 " ; it is called " Ambush at the River of Secrets " .
Soledad .
Time to update our business report .
Ali Velshi is " Minding Your Business " at 25 minutes past the hour .
Good morning , Ali .
Good morning , Soledad .
We 're having a look at what 2007 is going to hold , and a lot of that has to do with the housing market .
Numbers we have indicate that the housing -- average price of a house in the U.S. is going to be probably a little higher than it was a year ago .
Mortgage rates , just about 6 percent , put them around where they were a year ago , which indicates the housing market will probably perform well in 2007 .
Most people who have been forecasting , who have been asked to forecast about this say , probably will , some say the market has n't bottomed out .
That plays a big role in how the economy generally is going to do and how your investments are going to do in 2007 .
It depends on interest rates , and interest rates depend on inflation .
Now if inflation largely stays under control , the Fed does n't keep increasing interest rates .
Now , take a look at what happened earlier this year .
About mid year , the Fed gave up -- the red line is interest rates -- the Fed gave up on increasing interest rates , ending at $ 5.25 percent .
And see what stock markets did , when the Fed stopped raising interest rates , the market shot up about 1500 points , closing at record levels , around 12,500 points .
