I mean , we -- you talked about it yesterday .
Thirty-nine percent of Americans think that Muslims should be carrying around I.D. labeling them Muslims .
That 's not acceptable .
And they think it 's OK , just because it 's against Muslim Americans .
It 's not right .
MARTI
Yes , but ...
It 's not right .
I 'm again , it goes -- I 'm sorry -- to the Republican congressman in Virginia , Virgil Goode .
And he says : I do n't want more Muslims in the country .
Yes , but all ...
So , when they send that message , you know , what message do Americans get in the workplace ?
But -- but , Cenk , trust me .
I know you 're on Air America , but this is not just a matter of Republicans .
We have Democrats on that same side , as well , who also have their -- their racial tendencies .
The issue is , we really do n't want to care about somebody else .
We do n't want to look at them for who they are .
You know , I was n't walking around , looking at every white guy with a crewcut , going , hmm , there may be one of Timothy McVeigh 's boys over there .
No.
I mean , so , you give someone benefit of the doubt .
And , so , it 's -- it 's wrong when do you that .
Again -- and , again , the -- the pain is so amazing when -- when you talk to individuals who have been in that position .
I have been there when you have been pulled over by the cops .
Sure .
And , so , when people hear that , then , they go , well , you know , I did n't realize it was that painful .
Yes , because it never happens to you .
Right .
Well , you 're educating us all tonight .
Cenk , Roland , Solangel , we will get back to you in a little bit , a little bit later on tonight .
Coming up next ; intolerance , violence , and pictures that spark outrage .
Coming up next : What happened when the teenagers accused in these attacks on homeless men went to court ?
And , a little bit later on : the new rules about which Americans ca n't adopt babies in China anymore .
Is it discrimination " Out in the Open " ?
Does it matter whether you 're overweight , and you want to adopt a baby ?
Well , you will see in our report coming up .
Another story we 're bringing out into the open tonight : court action today on a disturbing act of intolerance against homeless people in Florida , three teens charged with beating a homeless man to death with a baseball bat as he slept on a park bench last year .
Well , today , the suspects appeared in court in Fort Lauderdale .
The prosecution announced that it would not seek the death penalty against any of them .
The reason ?
One of them was just 17 at the time of the crime , too young to be executed , and it would be unfair to seek capital punishment for only two of the three people accused of the same crime .
There was a witness to that crime .
And John Zarrella spoke with him in this exclusive interview .
Unforgettable , chilling images caught on tape by chance by a silent witness , a surveillance camera overhead , two teenage boys attacking a homeless man with baseball bats .
The man in this attack , Jacques Pierre , survived .
