Weary 's attorney says he 's left wondering if race played a role in the altercation .
Weary was charged with resisting arrest , but a judge dismissed the charges .
The case has triggered a high-profile controversy , raising questions about whether Houston police officers are unfairly using the taser weapon against African-American suspects .
According to the department 's statistics , in the last two years , 63 percent of all suspects tased by Houston police officers were African-American .
But that number represents less than 1 percent of the total number of arrests made during that time .
The mayor is asking for an independent review of how the department uses the weapon .
Until the report is complete , City Councilwoman Ada Edwards is calling for a moratorium on the use of tasers .
When you look at those statistics , someone who might say , oh , maybe it 's just a coincidence .
You do n't see that ?
I do n't think that , if it was 60 percent white males in that age group , I do n't think that it would be looked at as a coincidence .
I think people would at least like to know why .
Police Chief Harold Hurtt says race does not play a factor in taser incidents .
He says that , because disenfranchised minorities are more likely to interact with police , that that explains why more African-Americans have been tasered .
Fifty percent of all suspects arrested by Houston police in the last two years were black .
We 're not indiscriminately going out , selecting individuals , and taser them .
We are -- in most cases , 60 percent of the cases that we use them against African-American males , or black males , as a result of calls from people in the community or their own family .
Supporters of the taser even suggest that the weapon has saved lives .
Houston City Councilman Adrian Garcia worked as a police officer for 24 years .
He says , since the taser was employed on the force , there have been 40 cases where police officers could have used their gun , but instead used the taser .
The taser , I had understood it , would be a alternative to a firearm , that it would be a device that could be used to prevent a physical confrontation from escalating into a deadly-force confrontation .
Officers stunned Fred Weary with two taser shots .
Houston police say the officers acted properly .
But Weary says the taser shot numbed half his body , and that was more painful than anything he 's ever experienced on the football field .
Ed Lavandera , CNN, Houston .
Let 's turn this over to our " Out in the Open " panel tonight , Kevin Blackistone , Steve Malzberg , Boyce Watkins .
Glad to have you all back .
Let 's review the numbers again .
When you look at how often this has happened to black suspects , the numbers say it all : 64 percent of the cases involving blacks ; Latinos , 23 percent ; whites , 12 percent .
What 's the deal here ?
Are police more afraid of black suspects than whites ?
Well , I talk to my father about this a lot , because he happens to be a high-ranking police official in my hometown .
And , so , I try to get both sides of the picture .
