Many trucking companies and port operators were overwhelmed with the program , leaving the International Longshore and Warehouse Union to say , " We do n't know the details of this program .
The 469 pages of regulations were just published and we are in the process of reviewing them . "
And then there is the question of the cards themselves .
They 're designed to contain biometric identifying data , but there will be no readers at the ports to read the data .
The Coast Guard says it will deal with that issue by conducting random checks at ports with mobile card readers .
And then there 's the question of cost .
Each card is expected to cost somewhere in the neighborhood of $ 140 to $ 160 , a cost that right now is expected to be paid by the workers , Lou , and not by the companies .
The charade that we call homeland security continues .
This , however , is an important step , it seems to me .
And one that should have been taken , one would think , long ago .
Yes .
It is a big step , and a lot of people acknowledge that there are problems , and hopefully they will be worked out as they begin rolling out implementation .
Something less than the five years it 's taken to this point .
Bill Tucker , thank you very much .
Coming up next , foreign spies stepping up their efforts to steal U.S. secret defense technology .
We 'll have a report on which nations are behind the espionage .
A congressman at the forefront of the battle against illegal immigration taking his top stand into the new democratically- controlled Congress .
Congressman Brian Bilbray joins us here .
And the lab that tests and certifies those e-voting machines , well , it has a few problems of its own .
We 'll have a report now on the latest threat to e-voting .
Stay with us .
Foreign spies tonight are increasing their efforts to steal American technological secrets .
A Defense Security Service report saying there is a surge in espionage activity from Asian countries , and some reports saying communist China is leading the way .
Kathleen Koch reports .
Espionage attempts aimed at sensitive U.S. defense technology have shot up 43 percent over the last year .
That finding in a new report by the Defense Security Service counterintelligence office .
Space systems , lasers and missile and radar-evading stealth technology were in greatest demand .
I 'm quite concerned that the technology that this country relies upon for its national security is being steadily eroded and compromised by enemies , actual or potential .
And East Asian and Pacific countries are the biggest suspected thieves .
The study found they account for a third of all spy attempts .
The Near East is next at 23 percent , followed by Eurasia at 19 percent .
And South Asia at 13 percent .
Africa and the Western Hemisphere count for 11 percent .
The 29-page report does n't accuse specific countries .
But China , followed by Russia and Iran , are often cited by U.S. officials as the top spy threats to the United States .
It allows them to get up the proverbial learning curve far faster to avoid costly and time-consuming mistakes and to focus their energies on improving on our designs rather than having to come up with them in the first place themselves .
