Dr. Volkow says clues to alcohol abuse and overeating lie in the brain .
Neural imaging shows a starting contrast between dopamine receptors lit up in a normal brain .
And the addicted brain is dully by comparison .
Since dopamines are brain 's pleasure chemical , researchers say this may explain why some people crave food or drugs to achieve normal levels of pleasure .
All of these compulsive behavior is a result of changes or defenses on the way that the brain of this individual functions .
Still , bariatric surgeons insist there 's no evidence weight loss surgery actually causes other at addictive behaviors .
I would say certainly less than five percent of our patients have a new addiction .
I do n't have to worry about my drinking .
As for Paul Lentz , after AA , he 's been sober 23 months and is no longer turning to food or booze in his life , but spirituality .
For him and others , experts say , you ca n't blame the brain .
But recognizing the role of biology may help better manage addictions .
And this idea of switching addictions is n't exactly new .
We called the Betty Ford Center .
And they tell us 25 percent of the alcoholics they treat who relapse switch to a new drug such as opiates .
Now doctors say counseling is the key both before and after weight loss surgery to identify pre-existing conditions .
Stay tuned .
More HOUSECALL after the break .
How toxic is the world we live in ?
This man had thousands of dollars worth of tests to find out .
This is my level on the green bar , and you can see that 's way up .
The results after the break .
But first , this week 's medical headline in " The Pulse " .
Sponges are known for harboring germs , but Florida researchers claim zapping a sponge for two minutes in a microwave oven can sterilize most of them , but the sponge must be wet to avoid a risk of fire .
Antidepressants may weaken bones in older people .
A report in The Archives of Internal Medicine reveals people over 50 on these medications were more likely to break a bone or have osteoporosis .
Patients need to be aware of the risk factor versus possible benefits of the drugs .
Erectile dysfunction drugs seem to be safe for men with diabetes .
Diabetic men are three times more likely to suffer from the condition .
And of the more than 1700 men that were studied , those who took Viagra , Levitra , and Cialis showed improvement without many adverse reactions .
Judy Fortin , CNN, Atlanta .
Welcome back to HOUSECALL.
We 've been talking about how toxic addictions can be .
Now we turn to how many toxins every day people like you and me may already have in our own bodies , whether in the food we eat , the air we breathe , or even the clothes we wear , just how toxic are we ?
CNN 's Ted Roland now with the story of one man 's quest to find out , and his disturbing results .
In the modern world , potentially toxic chemicals are everywhere in the obvious , like pesticides , and in the seemingly harmless , like home carpeting .
And many of those chemicals have made it inside many of us .
