When you look at the numbers , the United States accepted just 202 refugees from Iraq last year , even though they had 70,000 slots open .
" SARAH , " IRAQI REFUGE
That 's shocking .
Afraid for her family 's safety , she asked we not use her real name .
So , we will call her " Sarah . "
She believes her family was targeted because they are Christians .
One day in Iraq , she woke up to gunfire .
There were bullets rushing at home .
Someone was firing at home .
When did you say , " I must leave " ?
We started to notice that there is a car following us .
It was following us for a long time .
We noticed that there are three men in the car .
They were -- they were carrying guns , and they were aiming the guns toward us .
They started shooting .
The U.N. says there are nearly four million Iraqi refugees today .
The overwhelming majority of them fled their homes after the war began .
Tens of thousands more flee every month .
Yet , fewer than 500 Iraqi refugees have been admitted to the U.S. in the last four years .
This year , the U.S. plans to accept 7,000 Iraqi refugees , too few for Sarah , but this is politics , so it 's too many for others .
Republican Congressman Tom Tancredo warned President Bush , accepting refugees "would be a colossal mistake , and would very likely violate U.S. law . "
And , just last week , Democratic Governor Ted Strickland of Ohio , who opposed the Iraq war as a U.S. House member , said : " I think Ohio and Ohioans have contributed a lot to Iraq , in terms of blood , sweat and too many tears .
I would not want to ask Ohioans to accept a greater burden than they already have borne for the Bush administration 's failed policies . "
Ohio has lost 138 soldiers in Iraq .
On Monday , Governor Strickland tried to clarify his remarks .
Seven thousand Iraqis , out of several million , is an insignificant response to a huge problem .
And that 's what I was trying to say .
And I believe my comments have been misunderstood .
And now the governor seems to be saying the opposite of his original position .
Today , he told us , " My administration and Ohio would welcome innocent Iraqi civilians who are fleeing their war-torn country . "
Many Iraqis requesting visas have been helping U.S. troops in Iraq , but that 's risky , and sometimes the ultimate sacrifice .
Senators have heard testimony about beheadings , after terrorists forced those sympathetic Iraqis to confess they were spies working for the U.S.
Is there some sort of moral obligation on the part of the U.S. to help ...
Definitely .
I mean , they came to the ...
... people like you ?
They came to the country .
They took out the old regime .
And they should have more moral responsibilities toward the Iraqi people .
It took six months , but Sarah got her visa to the U.S.
She now lives with her uncle in New Jersey .
She 's thankful she 's here , but angry she 's separated from her family .
The U.S. did n't grant any of them a visa .
Do you wish Iraq had never been invaded ?
