As for the morning-after pill , it can be taken up to 72 hours after a rape .
So she still has some time .
But doctors say it becomes less effective the longer you wait .
The rape victim walked out of jail hiding her face with a paper bag .
Her attorney says she` s also a victim of the system .
She was raped , and then she was raped again .
The 21-year-old says that she was walking to her car near downtown Tampa from the Gasparilla Parade on Saturday afternoon , a man raped her .
She called police for help , and they arrested her on an outstanding theft warrant from four years ago .
The arresting officer called me , and she says , " I need to let you know what` s going on .
Your daughter was raped at 2:00 this afternoon , but I`ve arrested her now , and I have to take her down to county jail . "
I just ca n` t tell you what rape victims live through , the trauma , very often the physical injury .
I recall one rape victim , after she testified in front of a jury , when she stood up to come down off the stand , she literally fell on me .
She had gotten so weak-kneed just reliving the whole thing .
This rape victim in Tampa , Florida , thrown in jail over a juvenile offense with a car that they say she still owed restitution , money , over .
And in 2001 , in nearby St . Pete , another rape victim , thrown behind bars , because she had a warrant because her dog had gotten loose .
I want to go out to Dr. Sandra Scott , with Safe and Sound at University Hospital .
She` s the director of the rape crisis program .
Doctor , it` s a real honor to have you and Miss Masters on tonight .
You`ve seen so many rape victims , Doctor .
Yes .
Try to convey what they are going through at the time they come in for this rape kit .
Well , you can imagine the rape victim has just been traumatized , and now they have to enter a medical facility .
And the average person , you know , gets a little nervous going to the doctor .
But imagine having your boundaries violated , being sexually assaulted , and now you have to go to a medical facility and retell your story two to three times by the time you talk to the doctors , and the counselors , and the investigating officers .
You then have to be -- or you do n` t have to be , of course .
It` s the rape survivor` s choice as to how much evidence collection she would like to have done .
But the average person who has forensic evidence collection done has to have their vagina examined .
They have to oftentimes have an anal exam .
And that , too , can be a very stressful experience following a sexual assault .
You know , Dr. Scott , I` m just thinking about this lady .
There are so many circumstances under which a rape can occur .
But in this rape , it was broad daylight .
Yes .
And the lady was at a parade , a family event .
Yes .
