Now , there are two main components to this plan , the first , as I said , increasing our use of alternative fuels .
Bush proposing to increase our use of ethanol , which is made from corn and biodiesel , by 35 billion gallons by the year 2017 .
And that will reduce our gasoline consumption by 15 percent .
And then , second , he wants to raise auto mileage standards by 4 percent every year and that will amount for the other 5 percent of the 20 percent desired gasoline consumption reduction .
Now , automakers , of course , might not be too happy about this , although Ford does say it supports standards at maximum feasible levels .
Beyond these two ideas Bush also pushing some other energy sources as well .
It 's in our vital interests to diversify America 's energy supply .
The way forward is through technology .
We must continue changing the way America generates electric power , by even greater use of clean coal technology , solar and wind energy , and clean , safe , nuclear power .
Now , Soledad , two potential challenges to this use of ethanol which , as I said , earlier is made from corn .
Number one , there is n't enough corn in the U.S. to make all the ethanol that the White House wants to use .
Number two , the more ethanol on the market , your are increasing supply , the lower the oil prices .
So , the more ethanol , that will influence oil prices to come down and so that really , Soledad , undermines the whole idea of not using as much oil in the first place .
It would raise prices for other goods elsewhere .
All right , Carrie , thank you very much for that update .
The top stories of the morning are coming up next , including our AMERICAN MORNING " Fact Check" .
What you might expect from the president 's plans to fix health care , and his call , as you just heard from Carrie , to save energy .
We will take a closer look at those proposals .
Plus the views of three veterans of the war in Iraq .
Straight ahead on AMERICAN MORNING.
The most news in the morning is right here on CNN.
Our country is pursuing a new strategy in Iraq and I ask you to give it a chance to work .
I ask you to support our troops in the field and those on their way .
Reaching out , President Bush appealing to newly empowered Democrats in his state of the union address .
We 're looking for specifics for you , about the president 's ideas on Iraq , health care and energy on this AMERICAN MORNING.
Good morning to you , it is Wednesday , January 24th , I 'm Miles O'Brien on Capitol Hill , special edition of AMERICAN MORNING this morning .
Good morning , Soledad .
Good morning to you , Miles .
I 'm Soledad O'Brien in New York this morning .
Thanks for being with us .
We have already heard from one key member of Congress about what he thought of President Bush 's state of the union address .
Just moments ago I spoke with the Illinois senator and also presidential hopeful Barack Obama .
Here 's what he said .
