We 're tracking both of these stories for you this morning .
We 're going to have a live report from Baghdad straight up .
Yes .
Worth pointing out that 60 miles away from the airport , the standard operating procedure there is to stay very high until the last minute , then do a steep decline .
Right .
So they would have been at fairly high altitude .
So it will be interesting to see how this one plays out .
Kraft spending $ 245 million on a coffee machine .
Sounds like the Pentagon must be involved in this one .
Twenty-six minutes past the hour .
Ali Velshi " Minding Your Business . "
Coffee .
On-demand coffee machines , these single-cup coffee machines , they 've been a big deal , they 've been growing over the last few years .
About a $ 1.5 billion a year business .
Kraft got involved with Braun in the Tassimo market .
There are a lot of these different machines .
The idea is Braun makes these machines , Kraft sells the coffee in these little pods .
You have to make some commitment before you buy one of these machines , because once you buy them , you 're stuck buying the coffee of the coffee maker .
It is n't working out so well for Kraft .
The company is writing off $ 245 million , its commitment to this thing , and says it 's going to scale back on the production of this .
So people are n't buying this .
You know , I do n't know if people are buying -- are n't buying all of them .
It 's expensive .
Yes .
It 's useful if you 're one person and you 're making coffee and no one else drinks coffee .
You do n't want to waste a pot .
But it 's -- you really have to be pretty committed to it .
So that is the story with Kraft .
We 'll see what happens .
I want to track this coffee industry and see what goes on with it .
All right .
Another caffeinated report from Ali Velshi .
That 's right .
Thank you very much -- Soledad .
Top stories of the morning coming up .
A firefight in the streets of Baghdad .
We 've been talking about it all morning , and we 'll bring you the very latest on that .
Plus , we 'll talk to a couple who lost everything in Hurricane Katrina but could finally be getting something from their insurance company .
AMERICAN MORNING , we 've got the most news in the morning right here on CNN.
Developing story this morning .
U.S. troops and attack helicopters are in a major battle with insurgents in Iraq .
We 're live in the middle of it , straight ahead .
A legal storm , a settlement apparently in the works by State Farm Insurance .
Could thousands of Hurricane Katrina victims in Mississippi finally be getting some checks ?
And controversial care .
A closer look at one couple 's effort to keep their mentally-disabled daughter from growing into an adult .
It 's still igniting debate on this AMERICAN MORNING.
Good morning to you .
Tuesday , January 9th .
I 'm Miles O'Brien .
And I 'm Soledad O'Brien .
Thanks for being with us .
Happening this morning -- President Bush is working on his plan to change strategy in Iraq .
He 'll announce the plan on national TV tomorrow night .
He 's meeting today with Republicans and Democrats , both sides of the aisle , voicing concern about sending more troops to Iraq .
