Three-dollars-a-gallon gasoline last summer and a political turnabout in Congress has put the focus back on renewable energy .
Ten major corporations , including BP America and Duke Energy , came out in favor of mandatory caps on emissions this week .
That 's a marked departure from other industry positions such as the Chamber of Commerce , which opposes government-set targets .
And President Bush will talk up the theme of energy independence but he is not expected to call for mandatory caps on carbon dioxide emissions , which many scientists believe contribute to global warming .
The White House also does not want Congress to make mandatory new fuel efficiency standards for vehicles -- Lou .
Thank you very much , Lisa .
Lisa Sylvester .
Time now for some of your thoughts .
Jack in Ohio , " I 'm going to pass on hearing the president again .
I already know the state of the union .
There 's not enough troops , not enough illegal aliens , not enough oil , not enough political courage , and not enough leadership . "
And John in New York , " Lou the state of the union ?
Who among us would not sum up the state of our union in just one word -- a mess ? "
And Doug in Texas , " Just curious , Lou .
How can a president pick and choose what laws he wants to enforce and still stand there and say he is a man that stands on his principles when it comes to Iraq ? Did n't he take an oath to protect and enforce all laws , including immigration laws ? "
Send us your thoughts to loudobbs.com .
Each of you whose e-mail is read here receives a copy of my book " War on the Middle Class . "
Up next , one family 's story from the front lines of the war on the middle class .
They 're fighting even harder to stay in the middle class .
And the powerful new chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee , Congressman Charlie Rangel , is among our guests .
And Senator Johnny Isakson , he has an immigration reform plan that really is reform .
And it has a remarkable requirement .
It requires that the borders be secured first .
Senator Isakson joins us next .
Stay with us .
Last year we introduced you to the Simmons family of Clermont Florida , who graciously opened their home to our cameras for a look at the state of their union and their struggle to stay in the middle class .
Since we last brought you their story a year ago at the occasion of the address to the nation on the state of the union , they 've added a child to their family and $ 15,000 of credit card debt .
Christine Romans has their story .
For the Simmens family , 2006 saw the birth of a baby boy , and eight-week maternity leave for Stephanie , a job change for Adam , a new addition to the house for Grandpa and Grandma , who live with them , and a pile of bills .
Expenses went up , income went down .
Prices of diapers , formula , food , bread , a gallon of milk , everything , everything 's gone up .
ROMAN
Last year the Simmens told us it was a badge of honor not to tap those credit cards .
This year , Stephanie , a third grade teacher , said they had no choice .
