There 's a great inherent risk that goes with that .
Is the American public ready to pay the price for that ?
Theoretically , they should be .
Iraq is in such a perilous and dire state , America needs to be prepared to do what has to be done .
That 's the other thing about the president 's address as to the State of the Union .
He painted a picture that was bereft of any optimism .
He pointed to...
There was no talk about winning , there was no...
None .
He said , let 's listen to al Qaeda .
Something he said before .
They are serious and they mean business .
And then he points out al-Anbar Province , the commitment of more troops .
Then he says , we 're now seeing escalating danger from Shia extremism .
That 's Iran .
This is the president tacitly acknowledging what many have been saying for some tome .
Iran has benefited more from this invasion , from this war , than America .
So , too , al Qaeda .
And here 's the president , pointing to that and saying what do we do about it ?
Well , we need to talk more , let 's add an extra layer of discussion and bipartisanship , let 's increase the size of the military , let 's put in more of a humanitarian effort .
But where is the hope ?
Where is the light ?
Well , we 'll see .
We 'll see if there is any light .
Michael Ware , appreciate it .
Thanks .
You 'll be in Baghdad soon ?
I head there on the weekend , Anderson .
All right .
Well , God speed .
Thanks , Michael .
Thank you .
Joining me now , retired generals and CNN Military Analyst David Grange and James " Spider " Marks .
Gentlemen , good to see you .
General Marks , let me start off with you .
General Petraeus , the incoming commander in Iraq or hopeful incoming commander to his supporters talks about battalion posts across Baghdad .
And he says that priority number one is protecting the Iraqi population .
How is that actually going to work on the ground in Baghdad ?
BRIG.
GEN.
JAMES "SPIDER " MARKS , U.S. ARMY ( RET. ) :
Anderson , great question .
Let me take you to the map , at least initially , and let 's focus in .
Let 's fly into Baghdad where we can kind of address some of the specifics that General Petraeus intends to get about when he gets into Iraq .
What you see here is the Tigris River that really kind of cuts the city of Baghdad in half .
As you know , over here is Sadr City .
That 's predominantly Shia .
That 's where a lot of the militia is , the Mehdi army resides , where Maliki has got to take a stand .
And over here on the west side of the Tigris are those ethnically mixed neighborhoods of Shia and Sunni .
The plan is to put here into the west side of the Tigris U.S. soldiers supported with and by Iraqi security forces .
And that 's where the preponderance of the force will go .
Certainly , there will be some forces out on the al-Anbar Province , further out to the west .
That 's where 4,000 Marines will go .
So 17,000 U.S. soldiers on the ground with Iraqi security forces in those ethnically mixed neighborhoods .
