It 's the same thing , though , as " American Idol . "
You see them built up .
You see them crash .
You see dreams realized , and you see dreams destroyed .
It 's the same thing .
Here , we see Britney Spears .
She has nothing .
We want to see her succeed .
Then she succeeds .
Now you 're getting a little too big for your britches .
Oh , really ?
That 's real nice , Ms. Fancy Pants .
Then , she ca n't control it , and we like to see that she is destroyed .
Now the next step is , we like to see her go into rehab .
Let 's talk about Hillary Clinton .
Yes .
Going to switch gears completely here .
Mm-hmm .
A recent poll says that 62 percent of women thought Hillary Clinton was strong for standing by her man , despite her husband 's infidelity .
Let me ask you a question .
Let me ask you a question .
First of all , this -- to me , this story is not about politics .
It 's not about left and right , not about the Clintons .
It 's about us .
It 's about right and wrong .
But let me take it on politics here for a second .
If this was a conservative , if this couple happened to be Mitt Romney and his wife , do you think , if he was a serial philanderer , and did exactly the same things that Bill Clinton did , do you really think the feminists and 62 percent of women in this country would stand up and say , that -- she 's going back to him ; oh , that 's strong ?
I will tell you what .
We would hear from the Mormon Church , if Mitt Romney did that .
Absolutely , you would .
But you would hear from the women and the feminists -- because this has been made left/right , not right/wrong , you would hear from them : Oh , look at the little Mormon wife , following her husband wherever he goes .
How does this make you strong ?
This , to me -- take the Clintons out of it -- makes me so angry at American women , because they do n't have self-respect enough to say , no woman should ever be treated that way .
But , Glenn , I have got to tell you something .
In my circle at , least , if I did something like that , if I stood by my man who was a philanderer , I would be looked at as pathetic in my group .
Oh , my gosh .
You -- let me tell you something .
This is ...
It would be : Kyra , get a break -- get a life .
This is the other thing that this story sends to the American people : Guys , cheat all you want .
According to this ...
It 's OK .
... six out of her 10 friends are going to say : Go back .
He 's cool .
I mean , that 's nuts .
That could lead us into a whole 'nother discussion .
Yes .
Let 's talk about men and how faithful they are .
That 's why this story is clearly about politics and left and right , and not about right and wrong , because , if it happened in your life , if it happened in my life , I can tell you what my wife 's friends and family would say to her about me , if I had done that .
