And it 's not a matter of credibility .
It 's just a matter we 've made so many mistakes , it 's put us in a bad position right now .
Well , I wo n't belabor though -- even though I 'm tempted , the metaphor , but let me ask you , with all of the mistakes that have been made in Iraq ....
Yes .
...with all the outright statements -- I will say it this way .
Statements that did not turn out to be either accurate or true .
Yes .
At what point do you think credibility on the part of the president , and frankly , sir , your own credibility and that of the Democratic leadership of both Houses , how much credibility do you think there will be from the American people to hear one more time , one more surge , one more effort at obfuscation rather than talking about escalation , using language like surge -- how much credibility do you think either this Congress or this president will have with the American people on this issue if there is not bona fide certainty of success ?
Well , there is no certainty of success .
That of course is what concerns me .
We had an increase in troops last summer .
And we see very well that that did no good .
What 's the difference this time ?
There is a plan for Baghdad , which he spelled out .
Would that make a difference ?
I seriously doubt it , whether additional troops make any difference now as it did last summer .
Mr.
Chairman , what are the results that you see ?
If there is an escalation and an increase , reinforcements of 20,000 sent .
That is the generally accepted number that the president will put forward .
Or the result of not , maintaining the status quo if you will .
What is the result both on the United States and Iraq and the region ?
I think it 's a very serious situation .
The best we can do is come out of there with some sort of stable government , but I have concerns that they 're so dependent upon us that they ca n't glue it together the way they should .
Right .
And right now -- and this is my final question .
You bet .
Talking with military leaders , telling us on this broadcast , that our troops are still inadequately equipped , being inadequately supported in terms of resources , materiel , whether it be everything from armor to helmets .
Shortages .
The idea that both the head of the Marine Corps and the United States Army have said that they need more troops , that we are nearing a breaking point on the military .
What do the next months and this year hold for the United States and for the U.S. military ?
Well , since 1995 , Lou , I 've been saying the United States Army is 40,000 people short .
And finally , the administration 's going to agree with what I 've been saying .
It 's stretched thin .
I think the Marine Corps ' stretched thin .
We 're going to have to have -- they call it in-strength -- that is additional troops in both the Army and the Marine Corps .
Of course , that does n't alleviate the immediate problem in Iraq , but you know , you just ca n't stretch them .
And it 's not just the troops that are being stretched and sent back the second , third , fourth time .
It 's their families that concern me so much .
