She does n't care .
Very nice .
She 's engaged !
She 's engaged .
What does she care .
Congratulations to the happy couple .
Congratulations on winning the big game .
Ian ( ph ) , you 've had a good couple of days , man .
Good work .
ROBERT
Hey , we took a -- we took a brief little brush at this yesterday .
A new year means a pay increase for many , many workers .
None of us among them , though .
Yes .
But people who actually really need it , though .
Twenty-four after the hour now .
Ali Velshi " Minding Your Business " this morning .
Good morning , Ali .
Good morning .
And you 're right .
We 've talked about this .
And if you 're one of those people who got the minimum wage increase , you 'll know about it already , but it bears repeating .
Seven states as of this week have new minimum wages , all of them , of course , higher than the federal minimum wage of $ 5.15 an hour .
New minimum wages in California , Arizona , Pennsylvania , New York , Massachusetts , Delaware and North Carolina .
That brings to the total states that have -- have minimum wages higher than the federal minimum 28 states , and the Distinct of Columbia .
Some of those wages are as high as $ 7.50 an hour .
You 'll remember that the federal minimum wage is just $ 5.15 an hour .
It 's been there since 1997 .
Certainly not keeping pace with inflation .
One of the priorities of the new Democratic-controlled Congress is to increase that minimum wage to up to $ 7.25 .
And President Bush has actually said he approves of that measure .
A lot of small businesses oppose it .
They say that it will crush them , they wo n't be able to hire and expand their staff .
Evidence is n't clear on that .
Certainly it will affect small businesses , but there is evidence , it shows that people who earn more spend more .
So it actually could be good for small businesses in the end .
The bottom line is it 's simply is not fair that there has been a federal minimum wage of $ 5.15 an hour , which amounts to about $ 900 a week ( sic ) .
And I 've tried many times to come up with a budget that you could live on for that , and I must tell you ...
Yes , I do n't know how anybody ever could .
... the very basics that you have to throw out of your budget to live on $ 5.15 an hour are not things that we have to face on a daily basis .
This is why people are working three and four jobs , trying to make ends meet .
Yes .
And by the way , you do n't get the benefits of bulk purchasing , whether it 's transit , you know , tickets , or going to Costco , because you are not having the money to have the extra to buy more and save .
So you are paying premium prices for all sorts of things .
So good luck to those of you who got the increase , and let 's hope there 's a lot more of that .
Yes .
Still , it 's even tough with the increase .
It 's still tough , but it 's -- really , a credit to those people who make a living on that kind of money .
