Tense talk .
The Chinese set the table for putting North Korea on a new course .
Can they convince them to walk away from their nukes ?
And embracing unforgettables ' fall from grace .
From astronaut Lisa Nowak , to the runaway bride , to Miss America , even Isaiah Washington , they 've all said , " I 'm sorry . "
Well , not the astronaut yet .
We 're going to talk this morning about America 's addiction to shame and then redemption , straight ahead .
Welcome back , everybody .
It 's Thursday , February 8th .
I 'm Soledad O'Brien .
And I 'm miles O'Brien .
Thanks for being with us .
Here 's what 's happening this morning .
Let 's turn to the deadly winter weather .
At least 16 have died in the elements and on slippery roads in some parts of the country .
And more snow is coming .
As a matter of fact , more than eight feet could pile up by Sunday in upstate New York .
Keep shoveling , there .
Keep shoveling .
CNN 's Rob Marciano is Oswego , New York , which has a bull 's eye painted on it this morning -- Rob .
It does have a bull 's eye painted on it , Miles .
This is snow country , this is where you get lake-effect snow month after month , or at least for a couple of months during the wintertime .
But the first couple months months of this winter has been relatively dry , but since midnight last night we -- or as of midnight last night , for a three-day total , add 50 inches of snow , and we 've gotten about 10 inches since then and it 's coming down at about two inches an hour at least .
I 'll tell you what , though .
We 're on the main street here in Oswego , and Norman Rockwell , eat your heart out .
How beautiful is this ?
Unfortunately , you know , it 's kind of a pain , you have to dig it out .
But the good part about this snow is it 's really light .
I mean , this is not your typical East Coast snow .
That 's one of the unique characteristics of lake-effect snow , is it has a very high snow to water content .
Typically , if you get an inch of water , you know , for a New York snowstorm , that would equate to about 10 inches or a foot of snow .
Here an inch of water can pile up to 20 to even 30 inches of snow at a time .
That 's why it comes down so quickly .
Obviously it 's piling up quite a bit here .
They do a great job of keeping the -- keeping the roads clear , as you would imagine in snow country .
Syracuse , just down the road , is the third snowiest city in the country .
They average well over 100 inches a year .
Similar numbers here in Oswego , if not more .
And we 're at -- we 're at a low elevation .
If you go up the road to -- up 81 towards the Tug Hill Plateau , and that elevation gets up to at times about 2,000 feet .
Boy , they even double the amount of snow they 're seeing out there right now .
Why ?
The reason , well , you 've got warm lakes and you 've got cold air coming over those warm lakes .
And because it was so warm , Miles , this past January in December , that contract between the cold air and the warm lakes is even greater now , more so than it would be for this time of year .
