No, I understand that .
But this is about where we go the next two years and where we go throughout the next presidential election .
Right .
And President Clinton did not build the foundation either .
But now it needs to be built among Democrats and Republicans .
And that 's to have trade agreement that have protections in terms of environmental labor standards and to have a president that enforces that .
And that 's how you make sure that trade is a two-way street where we can truly benefit .
Here in Florida , if we have those kinds of trade agreements , we will benefit .
Well let me , if I may , follow up on your question .
And that is , he 's talking about folks making $ 7 , less than $ 7 an hour , you said .
I know that that still would be the Florida minimum wage , which is significantly higher than the $ 5.15 minimum wage -- the federal minimum wage .
But what in the world is the attitude that people ca n't join a union if they want to , if they want to create a union and be represented ?
What 's the deal there ?
Right .
There should not be a hostile attitude towards organized labor in this state .
There has been from time to time in Tallahassee and certainly in Washington as well .
But the problem he 's describing is much broader than trade and trucking .
We are a high - cost , low-wage state now .
All right .
And whether it 's insurance or property taxes , unless we start investing in education and job trade to target the kind of jobs that will benefit whether it 's trade or anything in the economy , we in Florida are going to lose the middle class .
We got one more question .
Yes , sir ?
Hi , my name is Shaun Cutter ( ph ) .
I 'm an I.T. developer .
And you talk about education ( inaudible ) I see I.T. developing jobs going to India .
You know , what can be done to keep the -- you know people who go to college , get an education , to keep those jobs here ?
And also with NAFTA and CAFTA , what can be done you know before these trade agreements were put into effect , we were exporting goods to Mexico .
We had a surplus of Mexico .
We had a surplus overseas .
And now we see trade deficits with all of the countries , Canada , Mexico , China , and what can be done to -- you know so we are creating jobs here that export goods , other countries want to buy our goods .
( inaudible )
Right .
A lot of the trade deficit is attributable to the heavy flood of cheap consumer goods from China and the Far East .
Our advantage as Americans is our ingenuity and our innovation .
What we need to be doing is investing in the next generation of engineers and scientists .
A lot of the students in our graduate schools now are from other countries because we are not filling those spots .
We educate them .
They leave and compete against us .
So I think the ultimate deficit here is one of human capital .
And we need to get very bullish about investing in education , starting in early childhood , kindergarten through 12th grade and higher education to create the next generation of ( inaudible ) and scientists .
