What` s up , Doc ?
Jack just ca n` t finish his book .
I do n` t want to sound mellow dramatic but there` s no way to make it economically feasible .
Here` s to five miserable months .
But now sometimes what we need the most is just around the corner .
I` m your new foster father .
I`d do anything .
I love it .
Shining .
All right .
Welcome to " The Real Story " .
I` m going to be real honest with you .
When I first heard the story of the Duke lacrosse players being arrested after they raped a stripper , that was the story in the frat house , I was immediately convinced in my own mind that they were guilty .
How could they be innocent ?
This is the way I saw it .
When you hear a story that you can picture immediately the scene , you know , dirty old frat house , a bunch of hormone - filled , alcohol-fueled teenage boys leading a life of privilege , bringing over some strippers , really not hard , at least for me , to see how that movie ended .
But it was n` t too long after I had convicted them in my own mind that it became pretty clear that the ending I just saw , the snap judgments I had made , were all wrong .
The prosecuting attorney in the case , Mike Nifong , has now been brought up on ethics charges and just yesterday was back in court to face more charges , including one that he withheld key DNA test results revealing that no DNA material from any of the accused lacrosse players was on the woman .
Now I` m more than happy to talk about how I think Mike Nifong tried to use this case for his own political gain .
I` m happy to talk with you about how I think this guy saw an opportunity to exploit classic racial stereotypes for his own public career or how he convicted them in the media , these , quote unquote , "hooligans , " well before the trial .
By the way , sidebar your honor .
Hooligans , appropriate name for people you think raped a woman ?
Anyway , I` m not going to do any of that .
Tonight " The Real Story " is that I want to thank Mike Nifong .
Yes .
I want to thank him .
I want to thank him because he` s finally given me the ability to at least reconsider my preconceived notions .
I want to thank him , because he may help me in the long run at least pause for two seconds before I judge somebody or convict them in my mind based on what the media or even what some district attorney says about them .
I` m going to start practicing that right now with Mike Nifong himself .
Mike , be honest with you , me personally , every ounce of me says you`re a dirt bag who ruined these kids` lives without any real evidence .
But thanks to you and the lessons you`ve taught me , I` m actually going to pause .
I` m going to take a deep breath , step back before I jump to my conclusions .
OK .
Now I` m ready to say I think you`re guilty and you deserve everything that happens to you .
