Anyway .
So what 's going to happen is you 're still going to see the logo , like we just showed you on air .
It will be something similar to that .
It will still have the swoosh , but the colors will be different based on the different banking groups .
Now Citigroup or Citi , if that 's what they want to be called , is going to be one of the companies -- one of 43 companies showing their earnings this week .
Now the interesting thing about earnings season is that for 2004 and 2005 the energy sector led all other sectors by a mile .
In 2006 , it 's probably going to turn out to be the financial services .
So we 'll see what Citigroup has to offer on that .
The Dow was closed yesterday .
It 's going to open at a new high .
It 's at the second high of the year on Friday .
Miles .
All right .
Thank you , Ali .
Top stories of the morning are coming up next , including overnight developments on the health of Fidel Castro .
Is he much worse than Cuba is letting on ?
And some fresh signs Senator Barack Obama may be ready for a run for the White House .
You 're watching AMERICAN MORNING , the most news in the morning right here .
New insight into the kidnapped life of Shawn Hornbeck .
Plus , now that he 's home , the challenges that lie ahead for him from the courtroom to the classroom .
Developing news about Cuban leader Fidel Castro .
Reports his health is taking a turn for the worse .
But are they true ?
Frozen zone .
Dozens dead , half a million people without power .
And now millions of dollars at stake out from a chilling ice storm .
And the Golden Globe goes to " Babel . "
" Dreamgirls . "
Martin Scorsese .
Big night in Hollywood .
The Golden Globe Awards leaving intriguing clues about the Oscar race on this AMERICAN MORNING.
Good morning to you , Tuesday , January 16th .
I 'm Miles O'Brien .
And I 'm Soledad O'Brien .
We 're coming to you live this morning from Kirkwood , Missouri , which , of course , is the ground zero of this remarkable kidnapping story .
I want to show you , Miles , some of the pictures .
This is Michael Devlin 's -- I 'm going to step out of the light a little bit -- Michael Devlin 's apartment down there , apartment number D , in a relatively small complex , if we can get a shot of that down there of two floors .
He 's on the bottom floor .
And then if you look straight back , you can see the parking lot behind the building where that white van is .
It 's a spot that was contested .
Michael Devlin liked that spot and some neighbors reported arguments with him about that spot .
Now , one of the thing that 's emerging today in this picture of the man who is now a suspect , who 's now charged with one count of kidnapping , is this : Some people said he was a great guy , a reliable worker , trusted him with his money at his job .
Others say he was mean , he was -- his temper would fluctuate .
The neighbors did n't particularly like him .
Also , family members , many brothers and sisters , and yet apparently none had been here to his home .
