So what 's your outlook for the price of oil over the next few weeks , months , and the foreseeable future ?
Actually , last August we thought oil prices were high and likely to go down .
Luckily it happened the way we forecast .
Couple of days ago I change my mind I do n't think that oil prices are likely to go sharply lower from current level .
Maybe $ 4, $ 5, but I do n't think we are going to see $ 40 any time soon .
There are politics , there are industrial constraints , and there is also the growth in demand .
There is no inflation .
Nobody is getting hurt , if you will .
But OPEC is basically drawing a line in the sand .
The Saudis did not like the $ 70 or $ 80 oil , but also the rest of OPEC really does not want to see $ 30 barrel oil and they do n't want to see it go back up .
So what you are seeing here is that we are going to be in the trading range but never the less we are going to see oil prices between say $ 55 and $ 60 , which is very healthy for the industry and very good for Exxon .
Fadel this is an exciting story four times a year when these earnings come out and we can all calculate as Christine did how many thousands a of dollars a minute it is .
That 's going to happen as long as oil is above $ 30 a barrel , probably above $ 20 a barrel .
These companies can make money at very low rates today .
The fact is as Jennifer said , when oil is going to be whether it is $ 30 , $ 40 , $ 50 , $ 60 , $ 70 , $ 80 or more we are going to see these record profits and investors have done well by that .
But people have to realize , of course the politician and government say blame it on oil and oil companies .
Really they are price taker .
The market decides how much oil prices will be .
I mean , Exxon Mobile does not dictate where oil price is going to be a month from now or week from now .
ROMAN
Let me ask you about political risk .
We have Democrats in control on Capitol Hill .
We have the fourth largest oil supplier for the United States , Hugo Chavez who is making moves to nationalize some assets there .
You 've got conflict in the Middle East .
All of these are risk factors .
Any of them factored into oil right now ?
That 's what the market is anticipating .
Because any miscalculation , whether a war in Iran or a power play by Russia or additional push from Hugo Chavez or the civil war in Nigeria , all these things could really kick in at a much higher gear and get us much higher oil prices .
So the market is already anticipating one of these factors will play out .
That 's why I do believe we have at least $ 10, maybe even more , in speculation premium embedded in the oil price .
But this is the bad news over -- the good news is that is not going to go away any time soon .
