Let 's get another person in the mix here .
Stephanie Cornyu ( ph ) joining us on the line right now .
Oh , no , she 's there in front of a camera joining us from Lady Lake in Lake County , Florida .
Stephanie ( ph ) , where were you when it happened ?
What did you see and hear ?
Well , I was actually making my way into the area when the storms hit .
Traffic was basically at a standstill .
But here , this is where the brunt of the storms did hit , where that tornado hit .
Now , you 're getting a view of actually what used to be a church .
This used to be Lady Lake Church of God .
And as you can see , it is completely obliterated .
The tornado touched down here and just absolutely tore through the area .
Now , authorities have confirmed two fatalities .
No names are being released at this time , but both Lady Lake and Lake County are under state of emergencies .
Authorities and emergency crews are making their way door to door .
They say it 's incredibly hard because they literally have to sift through all this debris .
As you can see , trees are strewn around , roofs are torn apart .
There are a lot of mobile home parks that are actually completely destroyed .
So emergency crews are making their way through .
They say there could be more fatalities , could be more injuries .
They 're not confirming that yet , but so far , there are two confirmed fatalities here in Lady Lake -- Miles .
Stephanie ( ph ) , give us a sense of how difficult it was just to get there .
I see a lot of traffic there .
I do n't know whether that 's gawkers or people there to help , or a combination of that .
But what 's it like just getting to where you are ?
It 's incredibly difficult .
There are a lot of emergency crews , a lot of power lines are down .
So a lot of power companies are here hoping to get the power back up .
A lot of detours and delays .
So authorities are advising residents , if they do n't have to travel , please stay inside .
Because also , the debris and downed power lines are making it very dangerous to travel around this area .
Obviously a lot of people without homes this morning .
Any word on shelters being established by the counties and municipalities ?
Yes .
There is actually a mobile emergency community center that was set up at a car wash here on 27 and 441 .
There is also a shelter being set up at a Presbyterian church here .
So authorities are saying if there are any -- obviously , a lot of people are without homes this morning , a lot of people are without power , so to make their way to those shelters and those mobile command units .
All right .
Well , it 's good to see those power poles there right behind you .
Here we are only about four hours or so after this happened , and already the crews are on their way in there .
So obviously there is a quick response here , as we look at some of the people just sort of assessing the damage with daybreak there in Lady Lake , Florida , Lake County .
