Take a listen to what her own father had to say .
When did you start to think that something was wrong ?
Well , I had to pick up my two daughters , and that` s when I called my mother to come over .
But I was a little bit concerned because my one baby was upstairs .
So the baby was here alone ?
Yes .
And that was n` t a normal thing ?
No, I figured she might be just outside somewhere , but she was n`t .
Had she caused you earlier in the day to tell you that there was n` t formula and to bring a formula ?
Yes .
OK , that was the husband .
Now , let` s take a listen to the father .
We never heard a word , a negative word in regard to the marriage .
The only thing negative that we`ve ever heard was when she was cursing Tim the day before she disappeared .
And as I said before , that` s -- when things do n` t go right , she has a little bit of a temper .
To Eric Martin with the Central New Jersey search and rescue team , he has led the search for this 29-year-old woman .
Not a problem in the marriage .
But the day before she goes missing , there` s a domestic call to the home .
Well , I`ll be very honest with you , Nancy .
At this point , you know , we`re focusing on the search effort for Margaret .
There` s a lot of variables that are coming into play , into light .
There` s an ongoing police investigation that should complement the search effort .
And we at this point are still -- you know , your effort is an active , passive , indirect search tactic to try to make people aware that she might be out of New Jersey .
But we`re still focusing all of our resources on the ground in the Warren ...
OK , Eric , let me rephrase the question .
Was there a domestic call ?
Did police go to the home the day before she goes missing ?
Yes , ma`am , absolutely .
What happened ?
What was the allegation ?
You know , at this point , we are not privy as to civilian search and rescue side of things so what actually took place with the law enforcement at that particular disturbance .
OK , I accept that .
To Vito Colucci , private investigator with Colucci Investigations , what are your thoughts on the investigation so far ?
Well , you know , Nancy , very strange case for a lot of reasons .
You have this young man that waits two full days before he calls the authorities to report his wife missing .
Now , meanwhile , then he tells authorities that she has threatened to commit suicide , number one , and , number two , she` s suffering from postpartum .
But yet you go to sleep for two full nights by yourself , not in a rural area , not knowing where your wife is ? Does n` t make any sense at all .
They have the big argument the night before .
He goes two full days .
It does n` t make any sense .
And then he refuses , Nancy , to take a polygraph .
So what does all that mean ?
To Eric Martin , has the husband been out searching ?
