Now , what you need to remember is after the success of the invasion of Afghanistan and al Qaeda was driven out of its sanctuary , its base from which it launched September 11 attacks and many other things , we saw now an organization put under great stress .
It had to retreat into the mountains of Waziristan and Pakistan and it had to disperse .
So what we saw for Zarqawi and what we 've now seen for al Qaeda more broadly , is that the invasion of Iraq gave them the next platform that they 'd been looking for .
So in many ways , the invasion played directly into the hands of al Qaeda .
It gave them a focus , it gave them a place to go to , it gave them a battle to join .
It gave them a battle .
It brought the enemy , America , to them .
The American war in Iraq made Zarqawi .
It turned him from a relative nobody into one of the superstars of global jihad , of global Islamic extremism .
He did that through these propaganda tapes , through these tames of executions of...
Through a whole range of things .
That was just one dimension of Zarqawi 's vision , Zarqawi 's strategy .
What did he want ?
What was his plan ?
Zarqawi 's plan , as we know from a letter he wrote to Osama bin Laden that was intercepted and since released by U.S. forces .
What he wanted to do was use Iraq as the new platform to fight this global war .
He wanted to use Iraq , much as we saw Afghanistan in the 1980s during the Soviet occupation , to create a whole new generation of al Qaeda and radical Islamic fighters .
And that 's precisely what he did .
At the core of it , apart from the fight against the Americans , what Zarqawi wanted to do was to strike up a war between the Sunni sect of Islam and the Shia sect of Islam .
He believed it was through this that his and al Qaeda 's Sunni branch of Islam would awake from its slumber and rise up to defend itself and eventually conquer all before it .
And it was through Iraq that he saw that they would do that .
It 's interesting because we in the West often view the battle as a battle between the United States or the West and this radical sect of Islam .
In fact , this radical sect of Islam , they want it to be viewed as that because they want to be seen as the champions of Muslims around the world , when in fact the people they are really fighting against ultimately are other Muslims .
The people who they oppose are people who they believe are not Islamic enough .
From the Zarqawi school of thought , there 's many battles to be fought .
And it 's this fight against this other branch of Islam that is one of the vehicles that will elevate Islam .
What al Qaeda in Iraq has now done is declared this western part of the country an Islamic state .
Within this Islamic state , they intend to rule by Sharia law , pure Islamic law .
