We 're watching it .
Thank you , Ali .
Appreciate it .
Top stories of the morning are coming up next .
A brutal winter storm is slamming the Midwest .
Severe Weather Expert Chad Myers is tracking it all for us .
We 'll have a look at that straight ahead .
Plus , feeling crazy in love ?
There 's scientific proof that it 's your brain , not your heart that leads the way in love .
You 're watching AMERICAN MORNING.
The most news in the morning is right here on CNN.
Weather alert : Snow , ice , howling winds , now hammering a dozen states .
Travel from the Heartland to New England is a major mess this morning .
A hero speaks : We 'll talk to that off-duty police officer who interrupted a date with his wife to take on a gunman at a mall .
Crazy in love ?
Forget your heart , wait till you see what love does to your brain .
We 'll take a look on this Valentine 's Day edition of AMERICAN MORNING.
Welcome back everybody , February 14th , a Wednesday .
I 'm Soledad O'Brien .
And I 'm Miles O'Brien .
Thanks for being with us .
Let 's begin with what 's happening this morning .
President Bush holding a White House press conference .
It 's going to happen at 11:00 a.m.
Eastern time , his first press conference since the state of the union address .
We 've got live coverage of that right here on CNN when it happens .
Breaking news out of Iraq this morning .
Take a look at this videotape that surfaced on the Shiite web site .
It shows a U.S. soldier who disappeared in Baghdad back in October .
His name is Ahmed al.Altaie ( ph ) .
The family says the videotape is definitely him , but nobody is sure just how long ago that tape was shot .
Word is just in about the whereabouts of the anti-U.S. Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr .
A moment ago , we heard from General William Caldwell in his briefing .
The military spokesman in Iraq told reporters that the U.S. knows that al-Sadr has , in fact , left the country .
His own people , his advisers , say that al-Sadr has not left , so that 's contradicting him right there .
Apparently the word is that he escaped two or three weeks ago to avoid the coalition crackdown on militias in Iraq and even some extremists within his own group .
We 'll check in with Arwa Damon about that straight ahead this morning .
In southern Iraq near the Pakistani border , at least 11 members of Iran 's elite revolutionary guard were killed when a car bomb exploded right near the bus .
People in the car escaped on motor bikes and they detonated the car by remote control .
Iranian officials say they 've arrested five men in connection with that bombing .
Today begins the second of three days of debate on the House resolution opposing President Bush 's Iraq plans .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi kicked off the debate saying the American people have lost faith in the president 's handling of the war .
The vote 's set for Friday now .
Miles .
Old man winter is throwing everything he 's got at us today , heavy snow , freezing rain , ice , gusty winds .
Blizzard warnings right now for northeastern Indiana and northwestern Ohio and big storm warnings just about everywhere else due east and into the northeast .
We have complete coverage .
Our severe weather expert Chad Myers is at the weather center in Atlanta .
Rob Marciano is in Cleveland .
Let 's begin with Rob .
Good morning , Rob .
