Yes .
This has never , ever rejected me .
The audience might have or whatever , but I can tell everything , and I have since I was 13 , everything to this .
That` s ...
It` s been a therapist .
How much has the camera -- how much has the fame been a therapist to you ?
I will tell you the truth , because this is kind of an interesting answer .
The fame and that -- " Breaking Bonaduce " was possibly one of the worst errors in judgment I ever made .
It was just a very successful error in judgment .
It was the most popular show .
They broke all the records .
It was nominated for a million awards .
It was just an error in judgment .
I do n` t do television .
I do radio .
I` m a jock .
The only reason I do television is to be a famous jock , because sometimes you lose your job in L.A.
And you`ve got to go to Cleveland .
And it takes Steve and Bob two years for people to know they`re there .
Yes .
The press meets me at the airport .
Yes .
And only reason I do television at all -- I mean , I do talk shows like this .
I know .
But acting and stuff like that ?
You and I are exactly the same .
Famous jock .
Radio is absolutely unbelievable and I do the same -- I do n` t think I do n` t think you can be famous in radio anymore without being ubiquitous .
Right .
You know what I mean ?
It` s just -- it` s just changed .
But the question is , how much -- how much is this an escape ?
Fame or the microphone or whatever ?
How much ?
The microphone is wonderful escape .
I say things on the microphone with a tone of voice that can make it sound like I` m kidding , but I` m really telling my wife or a friend or a situation .
I` m telling the truth that I` m not brave enough to tell .
I can say anything to a microphone .
Anything I want .
And I think to my surprise , seeing the moving pictures changed everything .
Seeing the -- I told stories about my life on the radio every day for 16 years and made everybody a lot of money .
And I think when people saw moving pictures of the exact life I described to them every day , they -- people were shocked .
Sure .
But then finally people started putting their heads together and said , " Wait a minute .
Who bankrolled season two.. . "
Right .
" ... if he` s such a nut bag ?
Who put -- who insured him ? "
You know , finally people got that in their head , that you know , it was a crazy life , and it` s a bit of a bad life but a good show .
Back in a second .
More with Danny Bonaduce .
I love you .
Hence the suit .
GRETCHEN BONADUCE , DANNY BONADUCE` S WIF
I love you , too .
I` m going to get an award from Harvard .
It would mean the world to me if you would go .
Is there any chance you`re coming to Harvard ?
I` m thinking about it .
