I 'm Soledad O'Brien , and I 'm live from Capitol Hill this morning .
Hey , John .
Hey , good morning to you , Soledad .
I 'm John Roberts , just across the street in our Washington bureau , in for Miles O'Brien this week .
Thanks very much for joining us .
Soledad , that 's such a nice scene behind you .
Beautiful .
And as the sun begins to come up , that 's going to be the shot of the day , no question .
It is a beautiful -- it 's actually a beautiful day .
It 's over 40 degrees here .
I was concerned it was going to be a little bit nippy .
The wind is blowing a little bit , but , of course , we 're all here because a historic day is about to dawn in Washington , D.C.
The first session of the 110th Congress will convene at noon , with 10 new faces in the Senate , 54 new faces in the House .
The power , of course , belongs to the Democrats now .
They 'll control the majority in the House and the Senate for the first time since 1995 .
Women are also making a mark on this congressional class .
Two of the new senators and 10 of the new Representatives are women .
Nancy Pelosi is also the first-ever woman to become speaker of the House .
There are some religious firsts as well .
Muslims and two Buddhists are among the lawmakers who will be taking office today .
We 're going to have coming complete coverage of the Washington power shift from the very best political team on TV all morning .
First , though , a quick look at what else is happening across our nation .
This newly released videotape giving all of us a look at five security contractors that are being held hostage in Iraq .
Four Americans , one Austrian kidnapped from Basra on November 16th .
They all appear healthy , and some were asking in the videotape for the U.S. to pull troops out of Iraq , which they say will bring them home safely .
Iraq 's government has now detained two security guards who were present at Saddam Hussein 's execution .
The government says one of them actually shot that cell phone videotape that 's caused so much controversy .
The video shows Saddam Hussein was taunted with pro-Shia slogans before he was hanged .
No charges yet .
We 're told that more arrests could be coming in this case .
Police are now investigating a deadly bus crash near London 's Heathrow airport .
Two people were killed last night when the bus overturned on its way from London to Aberdeen , Scotland .
Nine other people were seriously injured in that crash .
Indonesia now .
A top aviation official says that plane that crashed over Indonesia did not send a distress signal before it disappeared off the radar .
They 're also losing any hope that they 're going to find the wreckage since the emergency beacon on board loses its signal just after a couple of days .
Let 's turn to Colorado now and some neighboring states as well .
An all-out blitz to try to feed the livestock that 's trapped by deep snow .
National Guard helicopters and planes are dropping hay on remote areas that the ranchers ca n't reach .
Thousands of head of cow still missing and have n't eaten in a week .
And some states are asking President Bush to declare a federal disaster area -- John .
