But if you can get two lines , you 're good .
Yes .
If you want to look online for some of our tips that we have today , be sure to check out the web page .
For all the tips that you 're hearing all through the day today , go to cnn.com/am .
Top stories of the morning are coming up next .
Texas Governor Rick Perry fires back , talking about his order to vaccinate school girls for cervical cancer .
And then the tragic result of a high-speed chase in Georgia .
We 've got details and some of the pictures straight ahead .
You 're watching AMERICAN MORNING.
The most news in the morning is right here on CNN.
Weekend of war debate as Democrats prepare a new plan that could take America out of Iraq .
Firing back .
Texas governor Rick Perry now speaking out about his controversial decision to mandate a cervical cancer vaccine for girls .
Is the lack of customer service these days getting you down ?
We stand up for your consumer rights , from sticky cell phone contracts , to slick car repairmen .
It 's " Fight Back Friday " on this AMERICAN MORNING.
Welcome back , everybody .
It 's Friday , February 23rd .
I 'm Soledad O'Brien .
I 'm miles O'Brien .
Thanks for being with us .
Here 's what 's happening this morning .
The most news in the morning is right here on CNN.
An Army sergeant faces a 100-year prison sentence this morning after pleading guilty to raping a 14-year-old girl , then killing her and her family in Iraq last year .
And new government tests confirm that Peter Pan and Great Value Peanut Butter are behind that salmonella outbreak , and the outbreak is growing .
There are people in 41 states now sick -- Miles .
You know , it used to be when you opened the hood of your car , you could figure out how things worked and how they could be fixed .
Well , that 's no longer the case .
You need a laptop to do that .
Cars are much more complicated , and the possibility of getting ripped off at the garage is greater than ever .
This " Fight Back Friday , " AMERICAN MORNING 'S consumer reporter , Greg Hunter , looked into some of the most common service ripoffs .
Greg , good morning to you .
Miles , good morning .
I 'm at Mooney 's Garage in Clifton , New Jersey , and this place -- look at this .
It looks like a Norman Rockwell postcard , does n't it ?
It 's been here for 50 years .
Fifty years , one location .
The son , Andy , still runs it .
Now , if you 're lucky enough to have a neighborhood garage like this with somebody you can trust like Andy , you 've got no problem , but if you 're out there in the cold , cruel world of auto mechanics , swimming with the sharks , you could get bit .
Listen up .
There are three top car scams you should always say no to .
Number one : Engine oil flushing .
MIKE ALLEN , SR.
EDITOR , " AUTOMOTIVE POPULAR MECHANICS" : The mechanic comes out and says , " Look at this dipstick , look how filthy your oil is .
Your engine is all full of sludge .
Just changing your oil is n't going to do it .
What you need to do is to let me hook your car up to this machine which will run this special solvent through and it will pull all of the sludge out of your engine and your engine will last forever . "
