Yes .
Or in 1976 , becoming the first woman ever to co-anchor a network evening news cast .
The name Barbara Walters was bullet proof , impeccable .
But that was then , this is now .
ROSIE O`DONNELL , " THE VIEW" : He annoys me on a multitude of levels .
From a physical standpoint , she looks like hell .
Pathetic man .
The Donald has been telling just about anyone who will listen , including SHOWBIZ TONIGHT , that Barbara has been lying about how she really feels about her co-host .
Well Barbara Walters called me yesterday .
She is a friend of mine , and she is not a big fan of Rosie .
On camera and then in print , Donald did n` t hold back .
In a letter he wrote to Rosie , saying , " to be exact , she said that working with her is like living in hell , and , more pointedly , Donald , never get into the mud with pigs , and do n` t worry , she wo n` t be here for long .
Barbara knows exactly what she told me over the phone and she has to live with it . "
Let me say definitively that everything that he said I said about her is totally untrue .
But SHOWBIZ TONIGHT has got to ask , who are we supposed to believe ?
In a SHOWBIZ TONIGHT poll , 70 percent said they Believe Barbara is lying .
So is Barbara` s credibility on the line here ?
JO PIAZZA , " NEW YORK DAILY NEWS" : Viewers are starting to question her credibility .
We are not sure who to believe , because Donald` s claiming that Barbara went off about Rosie .
Barbara is really not addressing those rumors .
J.
MAX ROBINS , BROADCASTING & CABL
I do n` t really think this hurts Barbara Walters` credibility at all .
She` s somebody who the audience knows and trusts , and Rosie is part of her team .
She had to defend a teammate .
J.
Max Robins is the editor in chief of Broadcasting & Cable .
He tells SHOWBIZ TONIGHT , if anyone` s reputation is at stake , it` s the Donald` s .
Donald Trump , I believe , starts with a lot less credibility than the people he` s taking these round house punches at .
This is n` t the first time Barbara` s credibility has come into question .
Walters came under a cloud of controversy when Star Jones Reynolds left " The View " last year .
STAR JONES REYNOLDS , FORMER "VIEW" HOS
I will not be returning as co-host next year .
We did n` t expect her to make the statement yesterday .
She gave us no warning .
When Star was supposedly leaving " The View , " Barbara went on air and said Star Jones will always have a place here at " The View . "
Later on it came out that Barbara knew all along that ABC was discontinuing Star` s contract , so that put the first hint in viewers` minds that they really could n` t trust Barbara anymore .
Still , many people , like gossip columnist Lloyd Grove , say the Star drama and now the Trump mess is just show business .
Barbara` s reputation is not as being purely a journalist .
Barbara is a television personality , make no mistake .
I think she` s an entertainer .
An entertainer , but also a successful business woman .
Barbara is not only co-host of " The View , " she is it` s executive producer .
And even though she is now 77 years old , Walters is still no shrinking violet behind the scenes .
