What is the Bahaman law regarding the paternity issue ?
If the father` s name is written to birth certificate , does that make him the daddy ?
My client` s the presumed father .
But you know , as well as I do , presumption can be rebutted , and there` s a way to rebut it , just like you do in California .
And all Mr. Birkhead has to do is get on a plane and , you know , go to Bahamas .
Go to paradise and deal with it .
We`ve been -- the court told him that months ago .
Speaking of DNA testing , paternity testing , very quickly , back to Joshua Perper .
He` s had an extremely long day , the autopsy itself taking over six hours , with an entire team .
Dr. Perper , again , thank you for being with us .
A lot of us criminal lawyers have admired you for many , many years .
Dr.
Perper , again , I just want to ask you , because I was not clear on your answer , regarding the security , for instance , typically , autopsy photos are taken .
Were autopsy photos taken in the Anna Nicole Smith autopsy ?
As part and parcel of the autopsy procedure , photographs of the body , of the tissue , and of the injuries are taken in order to document findings .
Those photographs are under lock and key , and they are released only if there` s a court order or to the close family , which has the legal right to do so .
And let me just mention , incidentally , because there was this question of , who is the true father , that this is not going to be a problem , because during the autopsy , we took samples which are going to permit to -- are going to help in any type of determination of the identity of the child from the end of the mother .
And there are going to be additional testing of the child and of the individual who claimed that they are the father .
So that` s going to be an issue which is going to be very easily resolved from a biological point of view .
But , obviously , the legal matters are more complicated .
And many viewers have been calling in and e-mailing in .
Why do you need Anna Nicole Smith` s tissue for the baby` s DNA ?
And the theory behind that is you do n` t want to bait and switch in court , in other words , for some other child` s DNA to be provided , you want to be able to check Dannielynn` s DNA against Anna Nicole Smith` s DNA to make sure you`re getting the real baby` s oral swab .
That` s what that` s all about .
Let me clear that up .
And very quickly , Dr. Perper , before you leave us , where is her body now ?
Is it there in the medical examiner` s office ?
Yes .
The body is in the medical examiner` s office .
And because we had concern of the safety of the body , the one which you mentioned , we asked Sheriff Jenne , which is the sheriff of Broward County , to help us and provide sheriff` s protection , deputy sheriff` s protection .
And he was very kind and very cooperative .
And we have a number of sheriff` s deputies who are actually protect both the front and back of the office .
