This judge is very much an individual .
I think we all have to remember this is probate court .
It is a probate proceeding , not a criminal proceeding , so it` s going to be a little bit more informal .
But I think , really , this judge is making headway because he has appointed in a number of days a guardian for the child .
He` s trying to determine the issue at hand , who should receive the body .
She initially would not accept that Daniel was gone .
And this went on for quite some time .
It was quite a difficult process .
You know , it was hard for her to talk about it , and she went through a lot of thought in deciding what his plans would be .
And you know , throughout that time , the way that she went about it , it was never , Where is Daniel going to be ?
All of the discussions were always in the context of , Where are we all going to be ?
I` m Pat Lalama , sitting in for Nancy Grace , just sitting here , trying to make some sense out of a plethora of issues .
Who knew one person` s life could end up quite like this .
I want to go back to medical examiner Joshua Perper .
You know , a question was raised to me , and I` m going to pass it along here .
Do we know exactly how much time elapsed before Anna Nicole was last seen feeling great and looking good , and suddenly , she was a collapsed human being ?
Well , we know that she was seen last time at about 11:00 o`clock in the morning .
And then for two hours , apparently she was not seen .
She was in bed .
And by the time -- at 1:00 o`clock , she was found collapsed .
So this is the interval of time when the collapse , and apparently , the death occurred .
Anna in a lot of ways always thought she was going to die young .
She said that she thought she was going to be like Marilyn Monroe , so she thought she was going to die .
And then also thought she was going to die when she was giving birth to Dannielynn , so Anna did talk about death .
She talked about death , really from the time that I met her .
Sad , sad , and very true .
I` m Pat Lalama in for Nancy Grace tonight .
I want to go back to James Neavitt who represents Howard K. Stern in the California paternity matter .
Just to clarify -- I do n` t know if I asked you this clearly enough -- I want the viewers to understand that tomorrow was to be a deadline for DNA sampling , correct me if I` m wrong , from Anna and from the baby .
Now that Anna has passed , where do we stand now ?
JAMES NEAVITT , HOWARD K. STERN` S ATTORNE
Well , that` s an interesting question .
The court did not change that order ; that order still exists .
But the question is , you know , who is the order directed to ?
And the court specifically said that he was n` t going to answer that question .
