Emily Rooney ?
EMILY ROONEY , HOST , " BEAT THE PRESS , " WGB
I do n't know .
That one makes me very uncomfortable .
For one thing , why were the other executives booted off the flight if it was a group meeting and she was there to develop some programming ?
Why -- why was it -- we 're assuming now that they were alone .
That 's sort of the way the story has come out .
So I 'd say I feel uncomfortable about it .
David Carr ?
DAVID CARR , MEDIA COLUMNIST , " THE NEW YORK TIMES" : Well , when we see CNBC has reimbursed Citigroup for the costs , they paid for half of what it cost to fly a chartered jet back ?
I do n't think so .
They paid a commercial fare and left it at that , and that seems to be a significant gratuity .
Frank Ahrens ?
FRANK AHRENS , MEDIA AND ENTERTAINMENT WRITER , " THE WASHINGTON POST" : Right , that 's exactly the case .
The price of a commercial ticket is much , much lower than that of a private jet .
Listen , I mean , part of Maria 's job is to promote CNBC for the network .
The question is , within what boundaries ?
And we 'll get into those questions .
Emily Rooney , David Carr writes in his " New York Times " column that Maria Bartiromo , at these Citigroup functions , is trotted out like Bill Murray at a celebrity golf tournament .
But what exactly did she do wrong ?
You know , it 's so interesting .
I was thinking about this , this week , also , because nobody used to cover business .
That was -- it was only in the last couple of decades that business news has become really in the forefront .
And now it 's sort of in the same genre as sports , and that is that you really have to get close to your subjects in order to cover them , and then these cozy relationships develop .
I think it 's different than any other kind of reporting , different than political reporting , different from any other -- so just that sense that you have to get an intimate relationship going .
And that 's what happened with her .
On the other hand , David Carr , you describe the journalist at CNBC as being part of a long tradition of reporters kind of sucking up to sources and getting -- and writing favorable articles to do so .
But can you cite any favorable interview or favorable story that Maria Bartiromo did , or a case where she pulled any punches ?
Well , she interviewed Mr. Thompson three different times .
She did n't exactly rake him over the coals .
She blurbed Sandy Weill 's book .
She admitted she bought 1,000 shares of their stock .
I mean , the viewer could be forgiven for wondering whose interests are really being looked after here .
Frank Ahrens , how is this any different than you going to a newspaper convention and taking some executives out to dinner so that you 'll get to know them better ?
Right .
I mean , what we do is source building .
And the question is , within what boundaries do we do it ?
I take a -- I go to a convention .
I take out a publisher .
I pay for his meal or her meal and mine as well .
And hopefully he takes my -- takes my call the next time -- the next time I call .
He or she is probably not flying me about on the company jet to get from point A to point B.
