Is n't that extraordinarily surprising for a politician ?
Well , you have to remember , his ambition was to remain a congressman from Grand Rapids and in time to work himself up to be speaker of the House of Representatives .
So he was on the track that he had set out for himself .
Then suddenly , by something that had never happened in American history before , that the vice president and the president both resigned within a year of each other and that he emerged as a logical replacement for the vice president , who had resigned , Agnew , because of the support he would have in the Congress .
But he thought that it was -- his attitude was the opportunity to be president of the United States was a blessing that fate had conferred on him and that he could not affect it by anything that he did except by doing the best job he could .
There was a moment , for example , in the 1976 primary campaigns where we had decided to go ahead with -- with supporting and pushing majority rule in Southern Africa .
And people had said well , why do n't you wait with that until after the primary campaigns ?
And Ford said we ca n't put foreign policy in limbo every four years .
We will do what is needed and I will take the lumps .
And so he said he would take the responsibility .
And it was a very typical attitude for him .
Where do you rank him , Henry ?
KISSINGE
How do I rank him ?
Yes .
In terms of the challenges he faced , he met the challenges and in the process , he healed America because he -- he could n't overcome every division but he made it easier for people to work with each other .
In the White House of his time , there was a spirit of camaraderie that has expressed itself that in this 20 plus years since he 's left office , nearly 30 years that he 's left office , every year the key people of his administration have met in June in Washington with an attendance of about 95 percent .
And they felt good about each other and they felt good about what President Ford had given them an opportunity to do .
Thank you , Henry .
Always good seeing you .
Thank you , Larry .
Dr.
Henry Kissinger .
In our next segment , some interesting observations about the Ford administration and how it may have shaped today 's Bush administration .
Stick around for more on LARRY KING LIVE.
The meetings with General Secretary Brezhnev , I am pleased , went very , very well .
They represent both a beginning and a continuation .
They were the beginning of what I hope will be a productive personal relationship between Mr. Brezhnev and myself .
We both , I believe , came away from Vladivostok with mutual respect and a common determination to continue the search for peace .
As we come back , you 're looking live at the interior of the Gerald Ford Museum in Grand Rapids , Michigan .
His body lies in state there as the duplicate of the cabinet room .
Very interesting , that museum .
I was there when it opened and did my national radio show from that site all night long .
The president guested with me .
It 's a three-sided building .
If you 're in western Michigan , you should go by and see it .
It really is an unusual structure .
