Let 's check in before we hear from one of our senators from the Hill , either McCain or Obama , with Suzanne Malveaux , our CNN White House correspondent .
Did the president do what he was out to accomplish ?
Well Larry , the president obviously putting a lot of faith in the Iraqi government , particularly Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki .
He is really hoping that the American people will do the same , that they will buy into his own strategy .
You can hear of course protesters now outside of the White House shouting " stop the war . "
They are very angry about this .
Essentially you have seen in the past this kind of public relations campaigns and speeches that have been done before and there has been a failed policy that has followed .
So the big question of course , whether or not this is going to be a viable strategy or if it 's just going to be another pep rally .
So the president is really going to have to sell that .
We 'll see that tomorrow .
We will head to Fort Benning , Georgia , to talk to troops .
We also expect to see in front of the cameras Secretary Rice as well as Secretary Gates .
Suzanne Malveaux , our CNN White House correspondent .
Let 's go to Capitol Hill , the Russell Rotunda and Senator Barack Obama , Democrat of Illinois , member of Foreign Relations Committee , Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs .
What did you think ?
Well , let me say there was one area where I completely agree with the president .
And that is that American troops have done everything that 's been asked of them .
They have done an outstanding job .
And I do n't doubt the president 's sincerity in thinking that this third or fourth approach to the problem is the right one .
But I did not see anything in the speech or anything in the run- up to the speech that provides evidence that an additional 15,000 to 20,000 more U.S. troops is going to make a significant dent in the sectarian violence that 's taking place there .
And I did n't see any political strategy in the president 's remarks to get Shia and Sunni to arrive at the sort of political accommodation that I think will ultimately be necessary .
The last point I make , Larry : the one bit of leverage we have over the Iraqis at this stage are troop deployments .
And there have to be some consequences for their failure to arrive at a political accommodation by actually escalating this war as opposed to initiating a phased withdrawal .
I think the president is taking away whatever leverage we have .
What would you have said tonight ?
What I would have said tonight is this : that we all have a stake in making sure that we have an acceptable outcome in Iraq .
And that means secure borders , a cessation of the violence and that Americans could -- should continue to work with Iraqis .
But we cannot impose a military solution on the problem .
There has to be a political accommodation .
I would begin a phased redeployment , take some U.S. troops , make sure that they 're deployed in Afghanistan and other areas where we can fight the battle against terrorism and al Qaeda , and commit to the Iraqi government that if they arrive at the sort of political accommodations that are necessary , then we will be with them as partners .
But this is not something in which we can simply impose a military solution .
