Yes .
At that point , did you think , it 's over , I 'm never going to leave here ?
I did .
Sarah , already a week past her due date , managed to grab a cordless phone and frantically call 911 .
Help !
911 .
Help !
What 's the problem Ma'am ?
Help !
In the chaos , she did n't realize the call had gone through .
I honestly thought I 'm going to lay here and die .
And at that point , I just broke .
I broke inside .
Something -- you know , I do n't want to call it adrenaline .
It was something stronger that was more powerful .
You know , my soul overtook my physical and said , Sarah , you have to get up and fight for you and your child .
You have to protect this child , you have to bring her into this world .
And that 's when I grabbed a hold of the blade and would n't let go .
These are Sarah 's wounds ?
And these are Sarah 's wounds that would be consistent with that of defense wounds from someone that was fighting off an attacker .
Fort Mitchell , Kentucky , police chief Steven Hensley says the attacker , 22-year-old nanny Katie Smith ( ph ) , had faked her pregnancy .
Even fooling her own family .
She had told the story all the way up to the line where she had to produce a baby or obviously family members were going to know that the story was fictitious from the onset .
Police say evidence , including surgical gloves and an umbilical clip , indicates that the emotionally disturbed woman planned to kill Sarah Brady and steal her baby right from the womb .
This type of crime is so rare , only 10 in the past 15 years , that pregnant women like Sarah have no suspicion that it might happen .
Somehow during the fight , it was Sarah who killed Katie ( ph ) , fatally stabbing her in self-defense .
Do you still see Katie 's face ?
All the time .
All the time .
Every day .
Sarah is still haunted by the attack .
But I got a second chance at life , and I was able to bring my daughter into this world .
Deborah Feyerick , CNN, Ft .
Mitchell , Kentucky .
What an amazing story .
If you want to join in on our conversation tonight , any of the stories we 've talked about , please join us .
Send us an e-mail to now@CNN.com .
Our panel is reading them now .
See them hard at work ?
And they will answer them a little bit later on .
" Out in the Open " next , a controversial , some say outrageous , proposal to nullify marriages if couples do n't have children within three years .
What 's that all about ?
We 'll debate it .
" Out in the Open " now , a proposed law that 's generating everything from confusion to hate mail filled with slurs .
Get this , the law would give newlyweds and childless couples in Washington State three years to have a baby or have their marriages declared null and void .
So , who would come up with an idea like that and why ?
We asked Ted Rowlands to find out .
( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE )
Hi .
Are you a registered Washington voter ?
Yes , but I 'm going to class .
