There was definitely an initial period where this child was terrorized , traumatized , made to feel completely helpless .
But there was one report I read where a neighbor asked Devlin to turn down the volume of noise in his apartment and what Devlin did is he went and keyed the guy` s car in the middle of the night .
When he saw the neighbor the next day , he ran away scared .
So that tells me about Devlin that he` s the kind of guy who likes to do things in secret , he likes to have absolute power and control , quite vengeful individual .
Tonight a lot happening in the Devlin case .
Number one , you see the FBI and local police in and out of 41-year-old Michael Devlin` s apartment , taking things out , marked as evidence .
They`ve got the bed frame , the bed , the bed mattress , and many other boxes shrouded in brown paper and marked , taped up , being removed in that trailer , apparently , from the apartment .
Will that evidence make it to trial ?
Let` s unleash the lawyers .
Joining us tonight , John Burris out of the San Francisco jurisdiction , a veteran trial lawyer and author .
Out of Atlanta , Raymond Giudice also a veteran trial lawyer .
To you John Burris , on the kidnap charge you do n` t have to prove in court that you held a gun to somebody` s head for the next four years .
It does n` t require that to show kidnapping under the law .
And will every day be an additional false imprisonment charge ?
How will it work , John ?
Well , you`re right .
You do n` t have to have a gun to a person` s head or use force every day in order to maintain a kidnapping charge .
But I have n` t seen a case , though , where every day represents another false imprisonment type charge .
I just have n` t seen that .
It is enough .
Obviously , kidnapping is a severe enough crime in and of itself .
What does it carry in California ?
Life ?
It could be a life sentence .
No doubt about it .
Now , I know there` s this argument , and it probably will not play , but if I` m the defense lawyer I` m really looking to see what I can find out about the relationship , who this kid was .
I do n` t know that I`d be able to do much with the whole question of consent or anything .
But at the same time , you know , you`ve got to find out what you can do here .
You know , you have the defense lawyer faced with a very nasty case .
It looks like --
Well , look at these photos , John and Ray .
I mean , these photos will come in front of a jury , and they`ll show the boy looking happy and smiling .
That means absolutely nothing in a court of law .
What matters is what happened the day the boy was abducted .
That` s right , Nancy .
You ca n` t put the kidnapping back in the bottle .
John` s exactly right .
I really think what John` s going towards is you`re looking at mitigation at sentencing on this to show that yes , there was a kidnapping , there was -- assuming there` s no facts of sexual molestation , and we do n` t know anything about that yet from what I understand , but at least then you can go to sentencing and say hopefully this is not a case where there` s great harm to this young man --
