Up next , the president asked Congress to renew and expand the controversial No Child Left Behind Act .
We 'll have a special report on that plan to fix our failing public schools .
And he 's the outspoken freshman Democratic senator from Virginia who delivered the Democratic Party response to the president 's address last night .
Senator Jim Webb among our guests .
And Congressman Michael McCaul , demanding details from the Department of Homeland Security 's investigation into the case of border agents Ramos and Compean .
Congressman McCaul joins us here , as well .
Stay with us for all of that and more , straight ahead .
Democrats ' efforts to raise the minimum wage stalling in the U.S. Senate today , senators voting down a bill that would raise the minimum wage for giving tax cuts to small businesses .
House Democrats saying they will not support legislation that includes corporate tax breaks and welfare .
However , Senate Democrats lack the support to pass a minimum wage bill without those tax cuts , added by the Republicans .
The bill is the first from the Democrats ' ambitious 100-hour agenda to be voted down in the Senate .
Other elements of that agenda also facing heavy opposition and significant hurdles .
The Education Department today laid out details of the president 's plan to save the nation 's failing public education system .
The proposals call for more emphasis on science education .
But some of the president 's other proposed changes are controversial , and it 's certainly not clear how the Democrats in Congress will respond .
Bill Tucker reports .
No Child Left Behind has resulted in improvements in reading at the fourth grade level .
Math scores for fourth and eighth graders are at all-time highs , and the achievement gap between black , Hispanic and white students has narrowed .
The No Child Left Behind Act has worked for America 's children , and I ask Congress to reauthorize this good law .
Changes to the law are being proposed by the president .
Science achievement scores will be added to the state accountability calculations .
A proposal for an expanded teacher incentive fund to reward teachers who raise student achievement in needy schools .
All ambitious goals , but ...
Right now No Child Left Behind is underfunded by an estimated $ 50 billion .
And so , until we tackle that issue , we 're not providing enough support for students to reach these new higher standards .
And in what is certain to be a controversial change , the president wants to give superintendents absolute power to restructure schools that continuously fail , including suspending collective bargaining agreements .
If you have a school that 's specifically failing , you need to kind of , like , suspend the rules , suspend all those mandates , remove all those obstacles and allow a school improvement team to develop a solution for that school that will move the kids forward .
One of the most contentious issues is Bush 's continued push for a voucher program .
The president is proposing that vouchers be offered to low-income students in schools which have failed for five consecutive years , to allow them to transfer to private schools or to out of district public schools .
