So totally against public policy .
Out to the lines .
Marjorie in Florida .
Hi , Marjorie .
Hello , Nancy .
What` s your question , dear ?
My question is , Does Kevin Federline have custody of the children that he has with Shar Jackson ?
Out to you , David Caplan .
... visitation rights .
And he -- I should add before , when we were talking about it , he does see his two children that he has with Shar Jackson .
It` s like a " Saturday Night Live " skit on myself , you know , and that` s kind of how I` m taking it .
I` m here to make everybody laugh on this one .
Federline turning down a $ 25 million divorce settlement .
To Barbara Richmond , divorce mediator and attorney .
What` s your advice to the two of them ?
My advice to the two of them would be to focus on what` s in the best interests of their children .
They can divorce each other , but they will be parents forever , trying to deal with their children and what is in their best interests .
Well put , Barbara Richmond .
And to you , Robbie Vorhaus , image and communications consultant , what about their images spread across the media every day ?
How will that affect the proceedings ?
Well , let` s not forget , Nancy , that , you know , Spears has sold almost 100 million albums worldwide .
She still ranks as one of the top 10 best-selling female artists in American history .
She` s back in rehearsal to make another album .
She is an extraordinary money machine , and many people say a talent .
All she has to do is just clean up her act a little , show a little bit more maturity , dress a little bit more appropriately , show that she` s getting a little bit more mature , and she` s going to be fine .
So all she has to do is open her mouth and do what she does best and sing .
Kevin Federline should just shut his mouth , and you know , take the money and try to be a better parent .
It` s amazing to me that the media is now saying his image has been repaired .
Back to you , Barbara Richmond .
Is n` t mediation the way for them to go to keep divorce proceedings out of the press ?
Well , that would certainly go a long way to keeping it out of the press , although each of them could still discuss the matter with the press , if they wished to do so .
But hopefully , they would keep it out of the press .
This case is not just about controversial speech .
It` s not just about repugnant speech .
It is about accepting responsibility for training people to kill .
She was a normal 21-year-old , and lovely , and very idealistic , and very caring about injustice in the world , wanted to do something to make the world better , someone you would be proud to have as your daughter .
Free speech ?
I have never heard the Constitution so twisted and contorted than free speech .
A man behind bars for a gruesome murder , a serial killer , as a matter of fact , making money , blood money , off that gruesome murder .
And tonight , the victim` s mother fights back , and so does the attorney general .
