It 's done .
OK .
All right .
We 'll see what happens next .
Thank you , Ali .
OK .
Top stories of the morning are coming up next .
We 're going to check in on that ice storm in the southeast .
Plus , the latest on two arrests overnight from that light board bomb scare in Boston .
That 's straight ahead on AMERICAN MORNING.
The most news in the morning is right here on CNN.
Panic and payback .
A publicity stunt gone wrong infuriates people in Boston .
Two men are now under arrest and we 've got some videotape of them planting those light boards that were mistaken for bombs .
Travel nightmare .
Snow in the Plains , ice in the East Coast .
Hundreds of flights canceled today .
And mother Mary is speaking out .
Vice President Dick Cheney 's daughter talks about her controversial pregnancy on this AMERICAN MORNING.
Welcome back , everybody .
It 's Thursday , February 1st .
I 'm Soledad O'Brien .
And I 'm Miles O'Brien .
Thanks for being with us .
Here 's what 's happening this morning .
An icy winter wallop is aiming for the Southeast this morning , but you do n't have to live there to feel its effects .
Take a look at the radar picture .
Winter storm warnings covering the south like kudzu .
If you live in Georgia , Tennessee and the Carolinas , look out , and do n't rush to work until you know the score .
In Boston , two men are under arrest .
The mayor and the governor and a lot of other people are just furious over a marketing campaign that went very , very wrong .
Here 's some videotape that was on one of the suspect 's Web sites .
His name is Peter Berdovsky .
And you can see in this video he and his partner putting up these light boards which caused so much havoc on Wednesday in the city of Boston .
In fact , they 've been up in 10 cities over the last couple of weeks .
A commuter rail passenger first noticed it though in Boston on Wednesday morning , called the cops .
Police found it , blew it up .
Security officials said it actually looked like an IED , an improvised explosive device , got a circuit board that lights up .
And you can see it sort of is a lit up character , appears to be flashing a middle finger .
It kept police on the run all day .
They had to respond to reports of these suspicious packages in nine locations in and around Boston , including the Boston University Bridge , the Longfellow Bridge .
Police actually closed the Charles River to boat traffic .
The car traffic , as you can see in some of the videotape we have , it was just absolutely a mess .
So what were these devices ?
It turns out , a marketing campaign that went horribly awry .
They were promoting a cartoon that airs on Adult Swim .
It 's part of Turner Broadcasting 's cartoon network .
Around 5:00 last night police say Turner Broadcasting sent in a fax to city hall explaining just what these devices were .
In a separate statement , Turner Broadcasting said this , too -- " We apologize to the citizens of Boston that part of a marketing campaign was mistaken for a public danger .
We appreciate the gravity of the situation , and like any responsible company would , we 're putting all necessary resources toward understanding the facts surrounding it as quickly as possible . "
