I absolutely buy that .
this is also interrelated -- it just defies description that you would n't be discussing -- you got to be , you know -- if you are not going to believe in the United Nations , which we do n't on a lot of levels , then you have to -- you kind of -- then you know what ?
You got to do it on your own .
And you have to go and deal with it .
And I think something that truly upset me about what happened here , and the lack of our response was that they are firing American missiles at Beirut and there are Americans there .
And at no point does our president kind of go , hey , guys , come here , come here , you ca n't be shooting that stuff at them .
To some degree , wait a minute , does n't America wind up a little bit damned if they do , damned if they do n't ?
We 're told , you have to be involved , you have to help this region .
Many Americans felt like when we went into Iraq , they did n't understand everything is a notion of OK , we 're doing something over there .
And that has n't worked out .
How do we move forward ?
What can we agree at ?
But let 's remember ...
There is something -- there is something -- first of all , there is something very clear here that we need to confront .
Remember , part of the rational for going to war in Iraq was that somehow this would make Israel safer , you know , that it would somehow democratize the Middle East .
It would be easier for Israel to defend itself .
Well , it 's been the exact opposite .
We need to look at the unintended consequences .
The unintended consequence of what Israel did was that Hezbollah is now strengthened .
Hezbollah has emerged with more support from the people and more strength around the world .
So what was the point of that ?
How do we move forward here then , though ?
Very succinctly here , Wade , how do we move forward in this area where , you know , every president , Democrat , Republican , conservative , liberal has looked at this and they 've tried things and it has n't worked ?
You know , it 's an intractable problem .
I mean , I 've been with the ( UNINTELLIGIBLE ) on the West Bank and moved in the desert from Jordan with them .
I 've gone over the Israeli border and actually been on the rubble of their homes that were destroyed in the memory of their grandparents .
Remember , this started in 1948 .
Can they be brought beyond all those years ?
We all know the history , it 's very complex .
Can we move forward in 2007 on this ?
How , Reza ?
Yes .
You know , in the '90s we used to say that the road to peace in the Middle East goes through Jerusalem .
Nothing has changed .
That 's still the fact .
And that 's precisely because -- we talk about the Arab world as though there is something that the Arab world has in common with each other .
They do n't .
They do n't share the same culture .
They barely share the same language .
They barely share the same religion .
