MICHAEL CROMARTIE , ETHICS & PUBLIC POLICY CENTE
Because he has , I think , probably done a better job than those two gentlemen in of laying out and articulating what his views are on the moral , social and cultural issues that most concern religious conservatives in America .
As he prepares his campaign , Romney has become increasingly outspoken against same sex marriage and abortion .
But he was n't always like that .
We have to have a Senator...
When Romney ran for the Senate in 1994 , he actually supported Roe vs. Wade , the Supreme Court decision legalizing abortion .
He says his position has evolved , but that might not wash with conservative Christians , and neither might this ...
As a Mormon , I believe that marriage should be between a man and a woman and a woman and a woman .
He 's joking of course , but Romney 's Mormon faith could hurt him among the very evangelicals he 's worked so hard to court .
Evangelicals have often felt that Mormonism is not a part of the true branch of historic Christianity .
And that in fact it 's a cult .
In a recent " ABC NEWS" poll , 35 percent of voters said they 'd be less likely to vote for a Mormon candidate .
John F. Kennedy faced similar odds in his campaign to become the nation 's first Catholic president .
He was ultimately compelled to declare his independence from the Vatican .
I do not speak for my church on public matters .
And the church does not speak for me .
The victory that John Kennedy won was not just for 40 million Americans who were born Catholics .
It was for all Americans of all faiths .
Ironically , Romney 's Mormonism became an issue in his unsuccessful 1994 campaign against President Kennedy 's brother , Senator Ted Kennedy .
Then and now , the candidate insists his records speaks for itself .
I find that evangelical leaders and conservative Christians around the country respect people who share their values .
And we 're on the same page when it comes to values .
Still , a Kennedy-type speech is probably in the cards .
Romney 's campaign says the governor expects to fully explain his religious beliefs and how they 'd shape his political agenda .
Joe Johns , CNN, Washington .
Mitt Romney is the latest person , of course , to explore a presidential run , but as Joe just mentioned , he is definitely not the most well known .
Candidates that are already household names are topping the polls on both sides of the aisle .
For more on the 2008 campaign , let 's talk once again with former Presidential Adviser David Gergen .
David , let 's start with Senator Barack Obama .
Today , the " Washington Post " ran this front page story on him because in his 2004 book , " Dreams from my Father , " he talks about trying cocaine and pot during high school .
Do those issues matter anymore ?
I do n't think they have anywhere near the resonance they once did .
You know , I think the fact that he 's got it out there on the public record , most commentators , and as far as I can tell , most voters are saying , you know , let 's forget about that .
The country has far more serious issues .
