Oh , my pleasure .
Thank you .
The formation broke apart at 4,000 feet , allowing each diver to open their main chute .
The head of the club says one of the group then saw Van Doren desperately pulling on her reserve .
The death plunge ended in a garden close to the drop zone .
My neighbor was standing in her garden , and all of a sudden , something fell from the sky and she went looking .
She sees something lying in the bushes .
Turns out it 's the woman whose parachute did n't open .
Tonight : Murder at 13,000 feet .
It 's called murder in the sky .
And is the motive a love triangle ?
Pat Lalama , what happened ?
Well , first , I want to tell you I 'm going to go register the following title with the Writers Guild , " Air Affair : Broken Hearts , Broken Strings . "
What do you think ?
Like it .
OK , good .
Anyway , here 's the -- it 's not really anything to laugh about .
It 's one of the most heinous cases I 've heard about .
Here 's the story .
There is a man named Marcel , and he 's apparently a Dutch guy .
Marcel has a girlfriend .
She 's also a skydiver .
The girlfriend , the 22- year-old , Els Clottemans , finds out that Els Van Doren , another member of the skydiving club -- a married woman , by the way , a mother of two -- is also having an affair with Marcel .
So the cops think that the first Els clipped the strings and sabotaged her so she 'd fall 13,000 feet and die .
Both her main parachute and here reserve parachute have been tampered with , the first by binding it and the second by cutting the strings .
She died after a spectacular fall .
Was it murder at 13,000 feet ?
Many people are calling it murder in the sky .
Police now believe motive was a love triangle .
Back to you , Pat Lalama .
You were saying that this may be over a guy , Marcel , that was within the parachute club ?
Yeah , Nancy , as a matter of fact they were all in the same club and here 's what really is so amazing to think about .
Imagine this .
They all do the jump together .
You know how they do , they hold -- I would never do it , but they 're all holding hands .
Marcel and the defendant , the suspect , break away , and there goes the ( INAUDIBLE) , the married woman who he was having the affair with , tumbling down .
And what 's really sickening , she has a video camera on top of her head gear .
You actually can see her struggling to try to make it .
I mean , I ca n't imagine anything more horrendous .
And the suspect , apparently there was a case where she once tried to run a previous boyfriend down and now cops say that they believe she tried to commit suicide .
What they 're looking for to really get the case penned in is some DNA evidence that they can find .
They 're looking for a piece of ribbon somewhere on the ground that may help them further determine .
But they pretty much believe it was her .
