I would like to think so .
Of course , there are two witnesses will never forget what they saw the day Adam disappeared .
What looked like a very angry young man , holding a boy up in the air , violently , and throwing him into that van , and -- and speeding off .
I 'm more than convinced .
Oh , Jeffrey Dahmer , definitely .
But , even if Willis is right , it 's too late for a conviction .
Jeffrey Dahmer was murdered in prison .
It can be resolved , and it can be solved , too .
But there wo n't ever be a trial , because he 's dead .
Twenty-six years ago , a wonderful little boy disappeared .
Twenty-six years later , all we keep discovering are more questions : Did Dahmer do it ?
Well , when police finally caught up with Jeffrey Dahmer more than a decade ago , he made a horrifying confession .
Here 's the " Raw Data . "
Dahmer admitted to killing 17 men and boys between 1978 and 1991 in the Milwaukee area .
And , as you just heard , he dismembered , in some cases , cannibalized , his victims , keeping their body parts in his refrigerator .
In 1992 , he was sentenced to 16 consecutive life terms .
And , two years later , he was beaten to death in prison .
Putting the new report about Dahmer to the test , we will ask two men who interviewed the serial killer if they think he could have killed Adam Walsh .
That 's next .
Also tonight : deep undercover .
A federal agent penetrates the Hells Angels .
He says , the government wo n't protect him .
And now he fears for his life .
Serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer confessed to murdering 17 people , but Dahmer denied taking another life , the life of Adam Walsh .
The 6-year-old son of John Walsh was kidnapped , killed in Florida back in 1981 .
Now , Dahmer swore to God that he did n't murder Walsh .
But now some new questions are being raised that may place him at the scene of the abduction .
For more on the story , I spoke with former FBI agent Neil Purtell .
He interrogated Dahmer .
I also spoke to forensic psychiatrist Dr. Park Dietz , who examined the serial killer for some 18 hours -- also joining me , Arthur Jay Harris , a crime writer who claims to have under -- uncovered new evidence linking Dahmer to the Walsh case .
All three joined me earlier .
Art , what to you is the most compelling evidence that Jeffrey Dahmer might have played a role in Adam Walsh 's killing ?
Well , the first thing is that he was here , that you have a man who , in Milwaukee , in 1991 , was found with 11 severed heads in his apartment .
And we have Adam with a severed head .
That 's all we ever found .
In 1978 , three years before Adam was murdered , Dahmer , on his own admission , had killed a -- a man and severed his head .
So , 15 minutes from the place where Adam was taken , you have to start -- you know , that 's -- that 's number one .
But , then , there 's a whole -- there 's a whole litany of evidence that 's -- that has been collected that makes sense , that -- that says that this should be officially looked at .
