And Gary in North Carolina , " Lou , President Bush 's escalation and expansion of the Iraq civil war to Iran and Syria is unbelievable .
It appears Bush will only concede Iraq is in a civil war when the Sunnis start wearing blue , singing the ' Battle Hymn of the Republic ' and the Shia begin donning gray and whistling Dixie . "
Send us your thoughts at LouDobbs.com .
More of them upcoming here later .
Each of you whose e-mail is read here receives a copy of my book " War on the Middle Class . "
Now the subject of our poll tonight .
Do you support the addition of 21,000 troops to our forces in Iraq ?
Yes or no ?
Please cast your vote at LouDobbs.com .
We 'd like to know what you 're thinking .
And we 'll bring you those results here later in the broadcast
Up next , jurors were asked their opinion of the Bush administration during jury selection at the trial of former vice presidential aide Scooter Libby .
We 'll have that report .
And the Democratic majority has promised changes in the way Congress does business .
The House majority whip , James Clyburn , of South Carolina , joins us to discuss the Democratic agenda .
And unrelenting winter storms have left dozens dead .
Ice covering roads and highways and snapping power lines from the Midwest to the Northeast .
We 'll have the very latest .
And we 'll be talking with three of the country 's leading radio talk show hosts right after this .
Stay with us .
Our top stories now .
Insurgents today killed more than 100 Iraqis in a series of gun and bomb attacks in the Iraqi capital , one of the worst days of violence in weeks .
The attacks came as the United States is preparing to deploy thousands of more troops to the city .
The U.S. military says there 's been 300 percent increase in the number of terrorist attacks against U.S. forces in Afghanistan over the past three months .
The U.S. commander in Afghanistan now saying he needs more troops to fight the insurgency .
Federal investigators say Iran has been buying surplus U.S. military equipment , sensitive technology as well , on the Internet .
Those investigators revealing communist China and terrorists have also bought U.S. technology because of bungling , outright bungling , by Pentagon bureaucrats .
In other news tonight , at least 46 deaths in seven states are now being blamed on the winter storm that slammed much of the country with snow and ice .
Power lines remain down .
Highways still covered in ice in parts of the Northeast .
That storm blew through New England today leaving lots of snow in Vermont and Maine .
A wave of arctic air trailing the storm , dropping temperatures into the single digits in the southern plains , and that cold is on its way to the Northeast .
Farmers in California say four freezing nights there have ruined at least three-fourths of their citrus crop , leaving a billion dollars of California citrus at risk .
Industry officials call it nothing less than a disaster .
Prices of oranges and lemons , they say , could rise significantly as early as next week .
