You 're welcome .
Christine Romans .
Venezuelan president Hugo Chavez says the U.S. ambassador in Venezuela may be soon be "persona non grata . "
President Chavez threatened to throw out the ambassador if he continues to "interfere " in Venezuela 's domestic affairs .
What was the U.S. ambassador 's offense ?
The ambassador said that Venezuela must compensate American companies if Hugo Chavez nationalizes those companies .
Now our poll question tonight .
Do you believe the United States should always link its commercial and trade policies to our foreign policy ?
Novel thought .
Yes or no .
Cast your votes at loudobbs.com ,
we 'll have the results here later .
Time now for some of your thoughts .
Marry Ann in California is saying , " This North American alliance is all about not building a fence .
We the people of the USA are being made to support anyone other than the citizens of this country .
Anita in Texas said , " The Wall Street Journal " thinks pardoning Border Patrol agents Ramos and Compean would destroy the GOP 's reputation as the law enforcement party .
Willingly allowing 20 million immigrants to come here and work illegally has more than accomplished that already . "
Send us your thoughts at loudobbs.com .
We 'll have more of your thoughts here later .
Each of you whose e-mail is read here receives a copy of my book " War on the Middle Class . "
Now , a few words for the editors of the " Wall Street Journal " opinion pages , whose lead editorial today is entitled " Bonkers at the Border . "
The libertarian editors of the " Journal" , genuflecting to our ideology and their open borders corporatist masters , call my defense of Border Patrol agents Compean and Ramos and criticism of their prosecution pseudo-journalism , yet they do n't contravene a single fact we 've reported here and they accept the U.S. attorney 's statements without reservation .
Even though those statements are based upon the testimony of an illegal alien drug smuggler given immunity to prosecute those agents .
Until this incident , both agents had unblemished records for their professional conduct on duty .
Ramos was even nominated as Border Patrol agent of the year .
Yet the " Journal " insists on calling these two federal agents corrupt .
Here 's the reaction of the U.S. Border Patrol Council 's president .
" The editors of the ' Wall Street Journal ' have every reason to be ashamed of themselves and owe a sincere apology to these two agents and their families as well as to every other American . "
Those editors might also ask , as more than 70 congressmen are now asking , why is the Department of Homeland security stonewalling repeated requests by Congressman Michael McCall for the DHS investigation report ?
After it was promised two months ago .
What was the role of the U.S. Justice Department 's top officials in this case ?
Why do five other border patrol agents call to the scene of the attempted arrest of the drug smuggler remain after two years on administrative duty ?
Why do three jurors now say they were coerced in rendering their verdict ?
And why would the judge in this case deny Ramos and Compean freedom while their case is appealed ?
And why in the world was this case ever prosecuted in the first place ?
