I 'm Miles O'Brien .
CH
And I 'm Alina Cho , in for Soledad this morning .
Thanks for joining us .
Here 's what 's happening this morning .
Strong words for Iran this morning and its possible influence inside Iraq .
President Bush vowing the U.S. will respond if Iran provides arms to Iraqi insurgents .
He was interviewed on National Public Radio .
If Iran escalates its military action in Iraq to the detriment of our troops and/or innocent Iraqi people , we will respond firmly .
The president said he has no intentions of invading Iran .
Two U.S. aircraft carriers are currently in the Persian Gulf .
The Senate will debate competing resolutions this week about the president 's plans to surge more troops into Iraq .
They 're non-binding resolutions , so why bother ?
AMERICAN MORNING 'S Bob Franken live from Washington with more .
Good morning , Bob .
Good morning , Miles .
Well , Washington , in its unique way , is all a twitter about these resolutions .
But it 's a good question .
What is the bother all about ?
And in that I 'm the decision maker , I had to come up with a way forward that precluded disaster .
The president makes it clear he 's the commander in chief .
The Constitution say he gets to decide how he uses the troops in his command .
But the Constitution also gives Congress the power of the purse .
However , there 's no serious plan to put off funding for the additional troops .
So why bother with non-binding resolutions ?
They are largely ways in which members of Congress get on record to indicate that they hear that the public does n't like the war , does n't like the way it 's going , does n't like the president .
So what ?
The Democrats won control of Congress in great part because of opposition to the war .
What they can do is stop the war .
They can simply pull the funding .
So , is a non-binding resolution merely taunting from the safety of the sidelines instead of really mixing it up by debating whether to cut off funding and risk being held accountable ?
There are many in Congress that want to make certain that when this war fails they do n't own a single part of it .
And they can do that by continually appropriating money and allowing the war to go on .
New Democratic congressional leaders say cutting off funding would further endanger troops already sent to Iraq if they were to take that huge step .
And they 're already being stung by claims from the president and his supporters that , non-binding though it may be , congressional action still has a pretty powerful effect .
It 's pretty clear that a resolution certainly emboldens the enemy and our adversaries .
But Democrats say it 's the president 's policies that have emboldened the enemy .
And it 's about time the president understand , virtually no one , no one agrees with the way he 's conducting this war .
And those who support the non-binding resolution approach say it is a precursor , a shot across the bow , that there could be de-funding legislation and resolutions that come up later .
In other words , Miles , maybe then no more Mr. Nice Guy .
