And SHOWBIZ TONIGHT is the only entertainment news show letting you express your opinion on video .
You want to do it ?
You want to send us a video e-mail ?
Go to the Web site , cnn.com/showbiztonight .
Well , there` s one red carpet where Paris Hilton wo n` t show up , and that is thankfully the Oscar red carpet .
Just not going to be there .
The Oscar nominees , will , however , and so will we .
The nominees held their annual luncheon , and right there , talking to all the big stars , SHOWBIZ TONIGHT` s own Brooke Anderson .
She` s in Beverly Hills - Brooke .
It` s an Oscar tradition , A.J.
The Academy Award nominees were here at the Beverly Hilton hotel today to break bread together and celebrate their nominations .
They even took what is called a class photo together .
It` s really a thrilling day for all of them .
And Will Smith , nominee for the Best Actor category , really got everybody going today with his enthusiasm and also his stories about his young co-star and son , Jaden .
Listen to this .
Yes !
Yes ! Woo!
This is such a high point in - in my career .
And to have - to have done it with my son and that he` s - he` s so does n` t want to do anything but play PS3 right now .
Like , he` s so - he` s like not into it , he` s not - he has no idea .
This is actually the second Oscar nomination for Will Smith .
He was also recognized for his work in " Ali . "
Mark Wahlberg nominated for his very first Academy Award for his supporting role in " The Departed . "
Now here` s a guy who has really turned his life around .
Because he spoke about how years ago , he was arrested more than 20 times by the Boston police , and that now he can finally make his parents proud .
The amazing thing was when I - when I got the call that I was nominated , I was able to call my parents and tell them good news that made them proud for the first time in my life .
I called them , you know , the 20 , 25 times that I had been arrested .
And one of them had to get on a train or a bus and come and bail me out and spend the money that they were going to use for food to feed their nine kids .
And so to be able to make them proud and to use all that experience and put it to good use was definitely a blessing .
Wahlberg told us he did n` t sleep for about two days after the nominations were announced .
Now from " American Idol " contestant to Oscar nominee - you know who I` m talking about , Jennifer Hudson .
She recently won the SAG award as well as the Golden Globe award for her role in " Dreamgirls . "
She talked about " American Idol " and how it has really enabled her to land other opportunities , like " Dreamgirls . "
Listen to what she had to say .
( INAUDIBLE )
I do believe in giving them credit , because " American Idol " was the platform and the vehicle for me to be seen .
Had it not been for " Idol , " they would never have known of a Jennifer Hudson to pick up the phone and call .
