Well , he has n't officially announced his candidacy for president , but tonight we 're getting a detailed look inside Rudy Giuliani 's potential campaign .
An internal document obtained by the " New York Daily News , " details just about everything , from Giuliani 's fundraising plans to worries about his personal life that could derail the former New York mayor 's political future .
CNN 's Mary Snow reports .
It is a Rudy Giuliani for president campaign strategy meant to stay behind the scenes .
But the 140-page document , outlining everything from budgets to political baggage , made it into the hands of " New York Daily News " Reporter Ben Smith .
BEN SMITH , " NEW YORK DAILY NEWS" REPORTE
The most striking thing was that there was the sort of explicit worries about some of these issues with his campaign , his mentioning his ex-wife , Donna Hanover , his current wife , his business -- social issues was last among the worries .
Republican strategists say it 's not surprising these concerns would be listed .
Giuliani supports abortion and gay rights , which clash with Republican Party ideals .
While he was mayor , his divorce from his second wife , Donna Hanover , turned ugly , with an alleged affair making tabloid headlines .
And his former aid and Police Commissioner Bernard Kerik has become a source of embarrassment .
Kerik , for one , withdrew his name as a choice to head the Department of Homeland Security over the hiring of a nanny with questionable immigration and tax status .
Kerik also pled guilty to misdemeanor charges for receiving gifts from a construction firm .
Regulators have long contended that firm has mafia ties , though Kerik was not accused of having mafia ties himself .
Some strategists say riding out political baggage does come as a surprise .
It would seem that these are not the kind of things that you would want to put down on paper .
That 's an old political maxim , not to ever put pen to paper on situations like this .
Giuliani 's camp calls it dirty tricks , claiming the document was taken in the fall while Giuliani was on the 2006 campaign trail , stumping for Republicans .
A spokeswoman claims the document was in a staffer 's luggage , which was not returned during a plane transfer .
She claims the document was removed and photocopied .
Giuliani 's communications director said , as for the document itself , quote , " this is simply someone 's ideas which were committed to paper over three months ago . "
I got it from a source who was sympathetic to one of Giuliani 's opponents and who -- and the source said it had been left behind during his kind of pre-election campaign swing .
Smith declined to show us the entire document , saying he was keeping it in a safe place .
But one page he provided shows that Giuliani camp aims to raise at least $ 100 million in 2007 alone .
Smith says the strategy shows Giuliani is planning to run , but says there are also concerns expressed among staff that he may drop out .
Giuliani has not yet formally announced he is seeking Republican nomination for president , but he has formed an exploratory committee to test the waters .
