He and others think the president has failed that test , to tell the country , look , the economy is doing OK at home , you 're all going about your business , but there 's 150,000 of your sons and daughters in Iraq fighting a war and whether you agree with me or disagree with me , you need to rally .
You need to stick with them .
That is one test that many of the people in these communities that are so close to the military think the president has failed .
They would like to hear more of that from the president , saying even if you 're against me , help out .
We 're one country .
We need to support these young men and women .
We 'll take a break .
And when we come back , we 'll meet the newly announced candidate for the Democratic nomination , Governor Bill Richardson .
He 'll come to us from Santa Fe , New Mexico .
And then our panel will rejoin us .
But as we go to break , we 're going to enlist James Carville 's services .
We 're going to send him out to Hollywood Boulevard and Highland -- it 's about five-and-a-half minutes from here -- and have James talk to every folk .
He does n't mingle much with everyday folk so we 'll see how he takes to this .
James , you 're on .
Ah , OK , Larry .
I 'm dispatching out of here .
Go get 'em , Mr. Carville .
All right .
Thank you , sir .
Good luck in the wilds of Hollywood .
That 's it .
I 've got on -- see I 've worn blue tonight because that 's -- this will probably be the bluest place in America I 'm going .
There he goes .
Wish him luck .
All right .
Mr.
Carville on the road .
I 'll get to Hollywood Boulevard .
We 're asking about the State of the Union Address .
What do you expect to hear ?
Are you excited about this ?
Well , I guess , I mean , as an American , I guess you could say I 'm excited .
But I hope what to expect , like Bush will say some new stuff , like his new attempt in Iraq , I guess .
So hopefully it will be something good to hear .
What do you expect ?
Nothing too much , to tell you the truth .
You 're not excited about this speech ?
I do n't believe anything he 's going to say will endear me to him at all .
We now welcome to LARRY KING LIVE Governor Bill Richardson , Democrat of New Mexico , who has jut set up an exploratory committee for the 2008 presidential bid .
Former United States ambassador to the U.N. and former energy secretary .
He 's in Santa Fe , New Mexico .
He 's governor , of course , of New Mexico .
Bill , Governor , some pundits said today that you 're running for vice president , and you will handle this adroitly through all of this , and what you will bring to the ticket is the four Southwestern states .
Larry , I 'm running for president .
And I want to be president , because I think this country needs to be unified .
There 's too much division .
I have got the experience , the foreign policy , energy experience .
I have created jobs , health care in New Mexico .
