Cooper , it` s easy to guess one of the reasons Lindsay got into this mess in the first place is she` s out partying all of the time .
It` s well documented .
So I` m wondering about the Lindsays and the Britneys and the Parises and what it is go on in their head they ca n` t stay home they feel this compulsion to being out all of the time .
It is not a compulsion , it` s a personality which is innate .
It` s something they were born with .
It is a certain type of personality like an adventure gene , you might want to say .
The kind of person that would enter into the industry to begin with .
Why would they even want -- Somebody who does n` t have that would be an accountant
So if you`re the kind of person who is into adventure and living on the edge you`re going to go into this industry to begin with and you`re going to live your life according .
I remember when I used to go out to the clubs all the time I felt like I would be missing out on something if I did n` t go out .
So that I can kind of understand .
But it just seems like they`re addicted to that .
Dr.
Fields , Lindsay` s mother says that Lindsay landed in rehab after she went through several interventions .
She praised her daughter for going into rehab and taking this on .
It has to be people around her , the people surrounding her , friends , family , absolutely essential to her beating this .
Absolutely .
That is the key .
Often when I do interventions , doing the intervention with the addict and getting them to say yes is actually easy .
The real key is that the people that say they love the alcoholic or the addict , the friends , the employees , the P.R. people , the agents , the family members , until they really make a shift in their thinking , where they really get that what they think is being loving and being supportive only allows them to continue drinking .
You know I really question parents that are going out and using this you know as more publicity .
This is supposed to be private .
This is supposed to be about getting better .
And the real key for Lindsay just like any other celebrity is going to be while she` s in rehab , are the people closest to her going to get their own kind of treatment where they really have that light bulb moment where they can say , I` m going to start saying no .
If that means I do n` t bail you out of jail , if that means I do n` t spin things to the press when your found drunk , because I know , that` s being loving .
That` s what it` s going to take , yeah .
And obviously , on the other end of that , once they get out it` s going to be really important who they surround themselves with .
She cannot go to hide , for instance , Cooper , and even stand there with a bottle of water surround by Paris Hilton and Britney Spears .
