Yes , I 'm running , sure .
Are you ?
When -- do you make an official announcement or is this it , here right now ?
I guess you do ...
" I just said I 'm running . "
I guess you do one of these things , and you do it four times , or five times in a day so I can , you know , get on your show and about five others .
So you 're running ?
Yes , I 'm running .
Running , and he 's got a double digit lead over the man you saw there just briefly , John McCain .
We asked Bill Schneider to take a look at the numbers .
( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE )
Are you running or not ?
Yes , I 'm running .
Rudy Giuliani is not just getting in ; he 's also taking off .
Last month , the " USA Today "/Gallup poll had Giuliani and John McCain running neck and neck among Republicans nationwide .
Now Giuliani has moved to a sizable lead over McCain .
What 's driving it ?
I think they will on the basis of leadership .
I think they -- I think they will on the basis of , ultimately , we need someone who we think can handle this country at a time of war .
Giuliani is 9/11 .
That 's what gave him the image of strong , decisive leadership , the same image President Bush used to have .
McCain is becoming more identified with a different Bush image , Iraq .
The commander of the multinational forces , Iraq , now General David Petraeus , and all United States personnel under his command , should receive from Congress the full support necessary to carry out the United States ' mission in Iraq .
McCain and Giuliani both support the president on Iraq .
It 's a matter of which image the Republicans want to present to voters next year .
The Bush of 9/11 got re-elected in 2004 .
The Bush of Iraq got defeated in 2006 .
Some social conservatives are determined to block Giuliani .
I think Giuliani is -- is unacceptable from the outset .
Giuliani will never be a favorite of social conservatives , but he 's trying to make himself not unacceptable to them .
I 'm pro choice , yes , but I 'm also , as you know , always have been , against abortion , hate abortion , do n't like it .
In the end , Giuliani is relying on the halo effect of 9/11 that voters will set aside litmus tests for leadership .
You can never find a candidate you agree with 100 percent of the time .
I do n't agree with myself 100 percent of the time .
So how are you going to find a candidate ...
You think they 'll vote for you ?
I think they will , I think they will .
I think they will on the basis of leadership .
Bill Schneider with us live now .
Bill , at this juncture -- we 've got to remind ourselves , it 's very early here .
It does n't seem like it with all the talk we have about it .
Right .
At this juncture , a lot of this is name recognition , is n't it ?
Of course it is name recognition .
And the record shows that very often among Democrats , the early front-runner , a year before the first votes are cast , the early front-runner often does not win .
