Huh ?
I do think a life coach or somebody to intervene to tell her what to do .
But I do think she has that already , I just do n` t think that she` s really following that advice .
What` s that supposed to mean ?
So what lessons can the likes of Britney , Paris and Lindsay learn from the tragic life and subsequent death of Anna Nicole Smith ?
With me tonight in New York , Ian Drew of " Us Weekly , " and Jill Dobson of " Star " magazine .
Ian , Jill , good to see you both .
I appreciate you being here .
When - when you look at the out-of-control lifestyle of Anna Nicole Smith and what became of her , it really would seem that it should serve as a wakeup call to these young starlets out there in Hollywood .
I mean , should n` t they be saying , Hey , you know , that could be me .
JILL DOBSON , "STAR " MAGAZIN
Yes , you know , we`ve all been covering this story .
And I interviewed a psychiatrist this week that said he thinks the root problem is really a lack of self-esteem .
And it seems like these girls have the same thing : they`re trying to seek love and seek attention and to get headlines and to show off their sexuality and get attention that way .
But deep down , they`re not really solving the root problem , which is that they do n` t necessarily feel like valuable people .
And until they solve that , they`re going to keep up with this outrageous behavior and self-destructive behavior .
Which is crazy - and self-destructive being the operative term , because they should be watching shows like ours and all the coverage that this is getting .
And you know that they`re watching , and say , ` Well , wait a second` - hello , like I said , wake-up call .
IAN DREW , " US WEEKLY " MAGAZIN
Yes .
Well , a lot of them are sort of self-obsessed .
They`re not really .
You know , it` s kind on in the background .
But they`re in their own world all the time .
And that is part of the reason why they behave the way that they do ; no one is telling them anything different because there` s - they`re filled with yes men , and they`re filled with people trying to keep them in that world .
So they lose touch with reality , which is what happened when - Anna Nicole a long time .
She just had a lot more years of it .
Now playing devil` s advocate to this whole notion , Anna Nicole was 39 years old when she died .
We`re talking basically about the young starlets in Hollywood who are largely in their 20s .
So on the other side , are we making too much out of their partying ?
I do n` t think we do .
I think their partying is really , really self-destructive .
When it` s to the point that you`re flashing yourself to the media day after day after day after day , that really does raise eyebrows and make people wonder , ` Is something wrong with you ?
Do you need more attention or more love ?`
What - what is it that you really need ?
