We 'll have that special report .
And democracy at risk .
One of the first states to use electronic voting machines is rethinking that decision .
It may set the standard for the nation .
We 'll have the very latest for you .
Stay with us .
Now , you may think , and certainly I do , that we are in the grips of a mass idiocy when it comes to failure to secure our borders and our ports .
The U.S. Border Patrol says drug seizures of cocaine and marijuana are up sharply this year .
President Felipe Calderon , of Mexico , continues to target drug cartels , to his credit .
But despite the idiocy that surrounds border security , there is another idiocy rising up .
A group of law enforcement agents now say that effort is actually fueling drug trafficking and violence , and they say the answer is to end the war on drugs .
Casey Wian reports .
It 's been a busy week in the war on drugs .
Twenty-two separate busts at California 's Calexico 's border crossing .
In Nogales , Arizona , Customs and Border Protection found nearly 1,800 pounds of marijuana in a produce truck .
And in Texas ' Rio Grande Valley , a 1,700-pound marijuana bust .
On the northern border near Buffalo , New York , agents uncovered 35,000 Ecstasy tablets behind the seats of a bus .
And in San Diego , federal agents found 22 pounds of black tar heroin in a car 's spare tire .
Thirty minutes later , another 22-pound load in another spare tire .
In Mexico , the drug wars continue , as well .
Last Thursday , authorities burned more than four tons of seized marijuana .
New president Felipe Calderon promises to get tough on drug traffickers .
Since December , his administration says it has destroyed 20 tons of harvested pot , three tons of cocaine , and burned more than 4,000 acres of pot and opium plants .
I know he has conducted several raids in several cities , and rounded up drug traffickers .
It would be great if he kept that up .
But that remains to be seen .
Reporter : However , a group of 6,500 current and former law enforcement officers say the nations 37-year war on drugs is unwinnable and is actually creating more violence and addiction .
Law Enforcement Against Prohibition says legalizing and regulating drugs is the best strategy .
Do we want to continue doing what 's not working , or do you want to try a new approach ?
We believe , and we 've done a lot of thinking and study on it , that it will work .
It worked with alcohol prohibition and we believe it will work with drugs .
It will certainly reduce crime by about 80 percent .
LEAP says the U.S. has spent $ 1 trillion fighting the war on drugs , only to see drug violence escalate .
But the war continues .
Border Patrol says seizures of cocaine and marijuana are up sharply this year .
It says increased manpower on the border has increased illegal alien traffic , freeing more agents to pursue drug smugglers -- Lou .
This idea of legalizing meth , Ecstasy , marijuana , cocaine , heroin , what in the world are these people thinking about ?
