Yes , we should take it . .
... because they are dealing with some ...
We should take it there .
... very heightened racial tensions .
But I think it 's really important , as we analyze this truthfully , that we do n't elevate crime and criminals to the level of there being some type of ethnic conflict .
What you have here , I mean ...
But -- but you have to concede that we 're not just talking about the economics and people fighting over the crumbs here .
Right .
We are talking about crimes , hate crimes .
True .
But do you know that , if every black moved out of that community , that the 204th Street gang would find another group to prey upon ?
The fact of the matter is , there are two groups here , but the groups are n't Latinos vs. blacks .
It 's decent people of all colors vs. criminals of all colors .
Absolutely .
And that 's how the mayor needs to approach this , and -- and needs to deal with this , comprehensively .
ZAH
What is the mayor getting wrong here ?
I think ...
He 's talked about this multipronged approach that you have to attack this from .
I think you have to examine the issue , like Niger said , on all levels .
It is an economy issue .
It is an education issue .
And it is a job employment issue .
And it ca n't be a Band-Aid approach .
And -- and there are people who are in L.A. who are working to try to bring truce and to bring -- alleviate the situation in L.A.
It 's also a leadership issue .
Oh , yeah .
I think Hispanic leaders should be talking tough to these gangs , should be telling them : We 're ashamed of you .
We 're ashamed of the image you 're projecting about our entire community .
And you should cut this out , or you should go back to where you came from .
Why is n't that happening ?
Are they intimidated by these gangs ?
I do n't know .
I think more Latinos should stand up now .
They are intimidated by these gangs , obviously .
But I think more Latinos , especially when they 're illegal immigrants , they come here -- I mean , there are a lot of illegal immigrants who are hardworking , honest people , who deserve a break .
They -- these people are the bad apples who are ruining it for the whole gang .
And it 's terrible .
It 's terrible , what is happening .
And it should -- we should put a stop to it by -- by talking about it , by speaking out against them .
Well , you have got the director of the FBI , Robert Mueller , calling this , basically , what -- what we 're talking about , ground zero in gang warfare .
That 's right .
Do you have any confidence that the federal involvement in this will make any difference at all ...
I think ...
... as far as law enforcement is concerned ?
INNI
I think it could .
I think , if various agencies cooperate and share intelligence and share information , it could be very helpful .
I think , though , I wish there were more leaders -- it 's going to have to start at the ground -- more leaders , black leaders that condemn black gang violence , and Latino leaders , like Miguel so eloquently said , that condemn , and say that these guys do n't represent the Latino quickly .
