There is only this woman , Eugenia Vigilleti .
She was also sick and prayed for a permanent cure , hoping the power of faith , with the right treatment , would work .
You were diagnosed with breast cancer ?
Yes , sir .
Even though she had her lump successfully removed , she was terrified the cancer would return .
Her husband had died of lung cancer .
And the thought of her children losing both parents was a lot to bear .
That 's when she saw this .
Praise the lord .
TBN has a worldwide ministry .
TBN , the faith-based Trinity Broadcast Network -- and on the channel that evening , in December of 2002 , Dr. Christine Daniel offered hope to people with cancer .
What would you say to someone who has just been diagnosed ; they have got -- and they have just been told they have got cancer ?
We have a collection of herbs from the world , the best areas from every nation .
And Dr. Daniel told the national audience those herbs , combined with prayer , produced amazing results .
We have people today , stage 4-B cancers , across this nation that are living today because of our treatment .
Amen .
So we 're not practicing something that you do n't see .
We have over 60 percent cure rates of even the lowest level that we have .
In other words , for her cheapest herbal remedy treatment , she claims to cure six out of 10 patients with cancer .
Eugenia Vigilleti and Emily Rodriguez were convinced they had found the doctor to help them battle their disease .
I just remember she was saying that she was going to be cured and everything is going to be taken care of .
The Lord has answered her prayer .
Dr.
Daniel works out of this small office just outside of Los Angeles .
To her patients , she seemed like she had all the right credentials .
She 's a licensed M.D.
She graduated from Temple University Medical School .
For a time , she worked as an emergency room doctor .
There was the TBN broadcast where she bragged about her cancer cure rate , and Dr. Daniel has also done some humanitarian work , helping victims of Hurricane Katrina .
A TV station in Los Angeles aired a story about her practice and her Gulf Coast efforts .
But Dr. Daniel 's image for helping people would later be challenged by many of her patients .
When Eugenia Vigilleti ( ph ) went to her office , she says Dr. Daniel said she could help her only if she bought her formula , which turned out to be expensive .
She had different price treatments : $ 6,000 .
And she says , " I also have a thousand dollar one . "
I said , " I ca n't afford the 6,000 . "
What was the difference between the $ 1,000 treatment and the $ 6,000 treatment ?
I have no idea .
And I says , " Well , let me start with the $ 1,000 one . "
A few days later , she says she received some liquids and pills in the mail .
She followed the treatment for a few months but decided Dr. Daniel 's approach was n't for her .
She never put her hands on me in order to examine me or anything .
