Three areas to look at , when you consider this battlefield , to see if the president 's decision tonight will make a difference Anderson .
Tom , thanks . ,
Whether the plan itself will work is pretty much a -- a point of debate .
Some of Mr. Bush 's own military advisers argued against the plan .
Joining me now is retired Lieutenant General Dan Christman , along with retired Brigadier General and CNN military analyst James " Spider " Marks .
Guys , good to see you .
BRIGADIER GENERAL JAMES "SPIDER " MARKS ( RET. ) ,
CNN MILITARY ANALYST : Thanks .
COOPE
General Christman , Bush admitted that mistakes were made , that enough troops -- not enough were there to help secure and hold Baghdad .
Is 21,000 troops now enough ?
I do n't think it is , Anderson .
The bottom line on this is that we are shooting , for the -- for the U.S. , shooting our bolt , as it were , in terms of our committing our strategic reserve for those contingencies elsewhere in the globe .
I 'm terribly worried about this .
All of us hope , as Joe Klein said , that this will come out the right way , that 20,000 can help .
But , in the end , what we have to contend with is a very dangerous region and a very uncertain world .
And , so , what happens while all these 20,000 , 21,000 troops , which really constitute the bulk of our strategic reserve , are deployed in Baghdad while a contingency emerges is in southern Somalia , in eastern Afghanistan ?
That 's my big worry .
And , frankly , Anderson , I think it 's what the JCS themselves , the Joint Chiefs of Staff , had to contend with when they were trying to balance the plus , the pros , against this augmentation with the negatives .
And that 's a huge negative .
You know , General Marks , it 's interesting .
All along , this administration has said , look , we 're listening to -- to our , you know , commanders on the ground , and -- and what they 're deciding is what we 're going with .
We are getting reports , what we have been reading is that Bush has been pushing back against his top military advisers and commanders in Iraq .
According to " The Washington Post , " Pentagon insiders are saying members of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , as -- as Christman just noted , oppose the increase in troops , or at least have serious qualms about it .
And , then , you have Abizaid , last month , saying , more troops is not the answer .
Does it surprise you that the president , based on past behavior , is going forward with this approach ?
Well , Anderson , the fact of the matter is , the commander in chief has made the decision .
And the real issue -- I 'm -- I 'm going to disagree with Dan just a -- a tiny bit , if I may , in that I think the 20,000 will provide value , but it 's how you define the mission sets .
And I think the president did a very , very good job of describing that in a certain level of detail .
He talked about clearing and securing .
He talked about protecting good guys , in the vernacular .
And he talked about killing bad guys .
And the U.S. has to help protect the good , and the Iraqis need to get about the business of killing the bad guys .
