The president 's spokesman promised the day before the speech it was going to be bold .
Does this proposal fall into that category , a bold , new initiative ?
Well , you know , it 's hard to say .
We 'll see .
You know , there 's going to be a real fight over Congress -- in Congress over this .
And remember , these are not new initiatives .
I mean , the tax deduction was floated in the 1970s .
President Reagan first introduced it in the early '80s .
And Hillary Clinton , whose name , as you know , was synonymous with healthcare a decade ago , now she 's running for president again .
And so you can bet that healthcare will be a big issue as we look ahead to 2008 .
All right .
We 're expecting that .
That 's right .
Alina Cho , thank you very much .
And speaking of Hillary Clinton , she 's one of two senators who are looking to trade up to the White House .
Barack Obama , John McCain , two others .
We 're going to be talking to them live this morning right here on AMERICAN MORNING.
And this man was a guest of the president 's last night , the subway superhero .
Remember him ?
We 'll talk to him .
He 's going to join us live on AMERICAN MORNING straight ahead .
Stay with us .
Welcome back from Washington .
The last two years of any presidency are an interesting time as the man in the Oval Office looks toward his legacy and the contenders line up to succeed him .
But this year , with an unpopular war raging , no vice presidential heir apparent , and a Congress controlled by Democrats , it is going to be a time to remember for political pros .
John Mercurio is one of those pros .
He is the senior editor of the " National Journal 's Hotline . "
He joins me now .
Good to have you with us , John .
JOHN MERCURIO , SR.
EDITOR , " HOTLINE" : Good to be here .
Let 's talk about the president 's goal last night .
Was it about himself , his legacy , or was it about laying the groundwork for Republicans to continue holding the Oval Office in 2008 ?
Yes .
I mean , I think the extent to which he was able to actually talk about domestic issues , I think that helped remind folks that this was actually a president who came into office trying to sort of advance a very aggressive domestic agenda .
I think he also was trying to project an image of someone who is willing to sort of adapt to the times .
He heard the message the voters gave last November .
He offered a very nice sort of personal tribute to Nancy Pelosi which was well received .
But as we saw , you know , the stark political reality both here , domestically , and in Iraq , is that the war in Iraq will define this president , will define his agenda , and will , I think , to a large extent , determine the success or failure of Republicans in 2008 .
Well , let 's talk about that .
If you 're a Republican sitting in that audience , listening to that speech , what do you take away from it ?
Do you put some distance between the speech and the president and yourself as you run ?
