Or walking down the street with an Asian reporter .
Exactly , yes .
Leyden has gotten rid of some of his tattoos , but not all of them , a permanent brand from a world he left behind , a world that he worries is growing more powerful .
Kyung Lah , CNN, Los Angeles .
We 're going to bring in tonight 's " Out in the Open " panel to talk about all this .
Deborah Rowe is a talk show host at WLS Radio in Chicago and on DeborahRowe .com .
Sirius Satellite Radio host Michelangelo Signorile joins us again .
And Errol Louis , a columnist for " The New York Daily News , " is back with us all , as well .
Welcome , all .
Thank you .
ERROL LOUIS , " THE NEW YORK DAILY NEWS" : Thank you .
Now , I do n't know about the rest of you .
When I heard T.J. Leyden use his statistics , that we 're talking about hundreds , if not thousands , of these white supremacists sort of lurking beneath the surface in the military -- in addition to that , we now know that Aryan Nation graffiti has been found in Baghdad .
How terrifying is this to you ?
And how concerned should the government be about ...
Well , we should all be concerned about it .
The government knows about this .
I mean , there was one report to the government , about 320 white supremacists in the military .
They prosecuted two of them .
There was a big expose in the -- in the Chicago newspapers about -- with -- with photos of gang graffiti , the Crips , the Bloods , the Vice Lords , all over -- all over Baghdad .
So , this is a serious problem .
It 's a subset , really , of the -- the recruitment crisis that the military is going through , in trying to get enough people to meet all of its commitments around the world .
Which is a very scary thing for all of us to address , when you here people very pointedly saying that the government is compromising its standards because of these recruitment pressures .
It is a scary thing , Paula .
But here 's the thing .
Is it actually a compromise to reach our recruitment standards ?
Because , in the piece , Mr. Lah ( sic ) , he acknowledged that this was well over a decade ago that he was doing it .
It had no relationship to the war in Iraq .
Clearly , there have been individuals , there have always been individuals , and there will always be individuals who have a mind-set that is counter to what is acceptable in society .
It is the onus of the government to -- to weed it out , no question .
Are those people drawn to the military ?
Or is the military a place where they can feel very comfortable spewing their hate ?
What ...
The -- the National Alliance , which is one of the white supremacist groups connected to Timothy McVeigh , put on its Web sites , in its magazines , a call for white supremacists to join the military .
Back in '96 , under the Clinton administration , they really had created a zero-tolerance policy on white supremacists .
But Southern Poverty Law Center , which tracks white supremacists , says that they have actually been going lax , the -- the recruiters , because -- and knowingly .
