Well , it started back toward the end of last year , when Mr. Trump did his duty , and said , " Hey , guess what ?
I` m putting up a flag . "
But , you know , what it sounds like to me , Nancy , is that these people on the board are like a bunch of potted plants , sort of pitted in provincial protocol , if I can use all those words there .
Pitted in provincial protocol ?
Write that down .
I think that sounded pretty good .
And I think what they`re saying is , " We`re the bosses here and you will not violate our rules . "
And the fact is , towns and cities do have codes .
You know , you drive through certain towns in America ...
I` m OK with codes , Pat .
I` m OK with codes .
But why are there at least 20 other flags , including the one over , where is it , the Breakers ?
They`ve got a huge flag with the Breakers , which is a ritzy resort with their own private flag on it .
But that` s OK .
But the American flag that Trump` s flying is not OK .
Obviously , I mean , there seems to be this element that we`re going to pick on Mr. Trump because , you know , he` s got pizzazz and he brings charisma to the area , and the potted plants feel a little bit shaken up .
And they do n` t really like that .
But what` s interesting about it is , if it goes to the federal courts and it becomes a constitutional free speech issue , then he may set precedent .
And that would be great for Palm Beach .
Take a listen to what a local reporter has to say .
What do most Americans think about zoning commissioners and zoning restrictions on the homes that they own in the communities they live in ?
They resent them .
They`re angry all the time , because they make them take down Christmas decorations , and American flags , and put in rules that are sometimes ridiculous .
Obviously , we would n` t want Donald Trump flying a huge , you know , flag , with a middle finger waving over Palm Beach .
But that` s not what he did .
Donald Trump has the support of the proletariat , which is interesting .
I think the only problems he` s having is with the other really rich people who think he` s getting way too much attention .
The nouveau riche love Donald Trump .
He` s eccentric .
He` s colorful .
He brings attention to their town .
They`d rather be at his -- if he throws a party , they`d rather be invited to his party than one of the stuffy old , old West Palm Beach parties .
Out to that reporter , her name is Joyce Kaufman with WFTL , she` s a radio host there .
Joyce , it` s kind of hard for the rest of us to relate to which party , which stuffy party is better down with the millionaires in Palm Beach .
To me , this is about what you can do on your private property that you own , much less flying the American flag .
This is bigger than whose party is better .
I could n` t care less what party is going on in Palm Beach .
But I do care about what I or my family can do on our private property .
