So obviously now they go underground , Becky .
What they do , they get a cameraman on the ground or someone who 's willing to risk their lives , because if they are found out with a camera filming the streets , they 'll be arrested .
So you rely on somebody .
You give them a camera .
You tell them to shoot for you .
And that is your go to person on the ground , because if we landed in Hirare today , we 'd be arrested .
We would not be let beyond immigration .
They would stop us , send us right back out , and deport us .
This is the problem , is n't it , Baisudon , gleaning information from the region , when you ca n't be there yourself .
Jeff 's just described how we will use people locally .
Who do you talk to ?
And just describe how you go about your news gathering at present ?
Well , despite all the obstacles the regime has put in place , getting information is not much of a big deal .
I think getting information out of Zimbabwe is not much of a big problem .
There are reporters who are quite credible , who still are on the ground in Zimbabwe , whom you can rely on if you want information .
You can talk to people via telephone .
It 's your guys who do broadcasting , I think , would face a lot of problems because you need your cameras deployed .
But as Jeff mentioned , many broadcasters are able to smuggle in their cameras .
And there are people who can always help them do the job .
I do n't think the measures that have been put in place have helped the regime in terms of blocking information from coming out of the country .
That is what the regime wanted , but I do n't think they have been successful .
And that 's an important point , is n't it , because we heard from Robert Mugabe this week .
And he said this .
I want to lengthen my term .
I can stand next year .
I can stand and I 'll have another six years for that matter .
And what can the opposition do about it ?
( INAUDIBLE ) going to change any time soon ?
There are things , as Baisudon suggests , that not getting any worse , as it were ?
Well , you have to ask yourself , Becky , how much worse can they get ?
When are they going to reach rock bottom and decide this is the turning point ?
And if Mugabe says he 's going to run again , he 'll be 90-years old .
Picture this .
90-years old if he decides to run again , as the oldest serving African president ever .
Baisudon , a final thought from you .
You work out of Johannesburg at the moment .
In the past , you 've been accused of aiding terrorism through your reports .
For example , that you wrote in the British press .
Do you expect to remain out of the country and in the near future ?
Oh , yes .
I have to because if I - I have to continue waiting .
As a journalist , I cannot do it in Zimbabwe .
They wo n't give me accreditation .
As you rightly say , I am regarded as a terrorist .
