And , yet , I know it must still be difficult for you to sort of split apart your joy in knowing that someone finally has been held responsible for killing your brother , but he was n't actually , James Seale , charged with murder .
Does that make you angry ?
( AUDIO GAP ) because , as the U.S. attorney -- or -- correction -- the attorney general stated today , this is an old case .
For different reasons or another , this is the best thing that they could come up with , or the only thing they could come up with at this time .
And I 'm satisfied with that .
And there was no time during this period , when you watched your mother suffer so horribly , that you were even tempted to give up the search for his killer ?
No.
I mean , I wanted to -- I wanted do all I could , because I felt I had an obligation to Charles Moore and Henry Dee .
I fought for this country 30 years and 15 days in the United States Army .
And I kept telling myself that there is justice .
But I did not have anyone to -- to go with me .
It was a lonely trip for me , 42 years -- 41 years , rather .
And David Ridgen finally tracked me down .
There have been other times that opportunity presented itself , but it did n't go anywhere .
So , when we started from Colorado Springs in July , we said , let 's go .
And the two of you went .
And that 's the reason why we 're talking this huge -- about this huge break in the case tonight .
Thomas Moore , thank you so much for your time , David Ridgen , as well .
Thank you .
We wish both of you the best of luck .
Thank you .
We 're going to talk about another racial killing , this one from the early 1970s .
It is also out in the open tonight -- coming up next : why it took so long to accuse some former Black Panthers of plotting to kill a white policeman .
Then , we will head for an airport where some travelers they ca n't catch a cab , because the Muslim cab drivers are being too strict about religion , like not wanting to take them anywhere because they have alcohol .
We will see what that sparked .
We will be right back .
We continue now with another unsolved murder mystery suddenly out in the open , thanks to modern DNA detective work .
This week , authorities arrested eight men for their alleged role in the 1971 murder of a white police officer in San Francisco .
Now , prosecutors say the suspects were part of a violent radical group with ties to the Black Panther Party .
Dan Simon is following this case that dates all the way back to a time when some black militants spread their own brand of intolerance .
The Black Panther Party started in Oakland , California in the 1960s , a group that believed military tactics could help African-Americans achieve civil rights -- in the Panthers ' crosshairs , law enforcement officers , perceived as oppressors in that turbulent time .
