What about fat kids ?
It has an impact .
What about fat kids ?
We have to get in people 's minds .
We ca n't legislate it .
All right .
We have got a lot more to cover with you tonight .
Please stay with us .
We move next to a shocking assault against Palestinian students at a Quaker college in North Carolina .
Was it a racial attack ?
Reports say those that were hurt were accused of being terrorists .
Also tonight , a police chief accused of racial intolerance by eight of his high-ranking officers -- we will get to that when we come back .
A chilling attack is sending shockwaves across a campus founded on Quaker values of tolerance , and bringing allegations of racism right out into the open .
Today , a sixth football player at Guilford College in Greensboro , North Carolina , was charged with beating one of three Palestinian students a little more than a week ago .
The victims say they were singled out for their Middle Eastern looks .
Dan Lothian has more on the allegations the local Islamic Center calls racism and hatred it has never experienced before .
The Guilford College campus in Greensboro , North Carolina , is a peaceful setting , a Quaker school , proud of its values .
Anything violent at Guilford College , really , it runs counter to the Quaker testimonies , to our heritage .
Now that 's being tested like never before .
What 's described as a racially-charged fight outside this dorm has led to protests , rallies , and criminal charges .
I 'm hurt .
I 'm angry about it .
According to court documents and a lawyer representing the alleged victims , three Palestinian students , including one visiting from nearby North Carolina State , were taunted and attacked by members of Guilford 's football team as they left the dorm .
They say they were called "terrorists " and other racial slurs , and were kicked , pushed , and punched with brass knuckles , suffering concussions and fractures .
They were minding their own business .
It was unprovoked .
They did n't want this .
They do n't want this .
One of the alleged victims told a local paper -- quote -- " It was the most horrific experience of my life . "
Based only on the complaints , six football players have been charged with assault , five of them also with ethnic intimidation .
No one is talking publicly .
But the father of one , Michael Bates , denied the fight was motivated by hate .
This is not a hate crime .
And this -- this is college students that had a -- a ruckus that lasted five minutes .
Bates says , the players were provoked by their accuser , and were also victims .
He showed pictures of Michael Six , one of the suspects .
The belt marks , a couple on his neck , the one in the middle of his back , of course , on his sides .
Any injuries sustained by any of the attackers would have been in self-defense .
The fight has now divided this small college .
Deena Zaru , a Palestinian student who knows one of the alleged victims , feels like she 's now getting the cold shoulder .
I feel like people that used to -- I used to talk to or say hi to or , " How are you ? " that does n't happen anymore with some of them .
And they 're a lot more distant .
