Case in point , Randall " Duke " Cunningham -- he pleaded guilty to using his congressional office to accept bribes , kickbacks , money from the contractors he was voting to give government business .
Cunningham right now is sitting in this federal prison in North Carolina , and getting his government pension , an estimated $ 64,000 a year , sent to a congressional felon sitting in the can .
Cunningham has to be the classic example .
GRIFFI
John Berthoud is president of the National Taxpayers Union .
It 's a watchdog lobbying group , mostly interested in cutting the size of government , cutting waste and cutting taxes .
Because federal pensions are secret , all of the figures you 've seen in this report are estimates based on the Taxpayers Union 's calculations .
Berthoud can think of no better example of government waste than sending $ 64,000 a year to Duke Cunningham .
But all of us are still paying this guy $ 64,000 a year , roughly , while he sits in prison .
You know , I think the vast majority of Americans think that that is really , really wrong .
Congressman , what are you going to tell the judge today ?
And Cunningham is hardly alone .
I 'm not going to admit to crimes I did not do .
James Traficant , the Ohio congressman convicted of bribery and sentenced to eight years , is collecting an estimated $ 40,000 a year sitting in this federal prison in Minnesota .
Traficant and Cunningham did n't respond to our letters , and former Minnesota congressman Dave Durenberger did n't want to talk to us either .
The Department of Justice has charged me ...
He pleaded guilty to fraud in 1995 , did a year 's probation and paid a fine .
Now we pay him an estimated pension of $ 86,000 a year .
And who among the convicted felons of Congress is getting the most out of his retirement ?
That would be the guy who lives in this Chicago building and owns this car .
Take a look at the license plate .
Retired member of Congress .
That big " R" stands for the big guy , Chairman Daniel Rostenkowski , usually not shy about talking to the media , except when it comes to his estimated $ 126,000 a year taxpayer funded pension .
The former chairman of the powerful ways and means committee told us on the phone he has nothing to say .
And in fact , Rostenkowski , who was sent to prison for mail fraud , may have good reason not to answer his door .
Just a month ago , the state of Illinois used its felony conviction clause to take away the pension of former governor George Ryan , who was convicted and sentenced to 6 1/2 years for mail fraud , money laundering and extortion .
But that 's state law .
Under federal law , the only grounds for stripping a congressman of his pension is if he 's convicted of treason .
The National Taxpayers Union for years has been calling for a tougher conviction clause .
A simple change says Taxpayers Union president Berthoud , if you are convicted of any felony while in office , you forfeit your right to get paid .
It 's hard unless maybe , you 're a member of Congress or a former member of Congress , for anybody to understand how on earth you could ask taxpayers to pay pensions for people like that .
