If you were the father , would you not take a DNA test to prove it ?
That is a very good question .
And he has , so far , been reluctant to do so .
So , draw your own conclusions .
Let me get you to talk about Seidlin .
This fellow is a probate judge in Broward County who , as we said , does have his own unique style .
Take -- take a look at a little bit more from today 's hearing .
I 'm appointing a lawyer who 's -- I met him in a case one time where , you want him when the hurricane comes .
He does n't move .
He is going to represent , as a guardian ad litem , for the child in the Bahamas .
So , this hearing was supposed to be about who gets custody of Anna Nicole Smith 's baby .
Now Seidlin is appointing a guardian for -- or who gets custody of her body , not baby -- and now he is appointing a guardian for the child .
And we learned , in a crucial legal matter , that he was 50 years old before he had his first kid .
And then the kid is 6 years old now .
I mean , it was rambling , craziness .
I mean , this was much closer to Judge Judy than Chief Judge -- Chief Justice Roberts .
I mean , it was a bizarre proceeding .
He certainly does not seem to have settled much .
But he did appoint a guardian for the child 's interests , which I -- which is probably a reasonable thing to do .
He put off any decision on who gets the body .
And he made sure that there 's going to be another DNA test on Anna Nicole Smith 's body , which is literally on ice in the medical examiner 's office .
Now , there was -- part of the case was won today by the lawyer representing Larry Birkhead , who won a DNA sample , got a DNA sample for Larry Birkhead , that they said that they wanted to have as a reference , so that , when they did -- if and when they did a DNA sample on the baby , they could prove that this was Anna Nicole 's baby .
Because , at one point , he said -- someone suggested that they might be switching babies in the Bahamas .
You ca n't make this stuff up .
And it was such a chaotic scene .
We had a brief clip there .
But there were lawyers all up and down this table , also behind the table , several lawyers on the telephone , and , you know , all of them basically looking at that $ 400 million that she may be getting .
Right .
I mean , that 's what , alas , this case is about .
It just does n't get old , does it ?
It 's -- well , I mean , just when you think the case ca n't get any sleazier , there is a proceeding like that .
It does , yes .
Jeff , thanks much .
Coming up : She welcomed American troops with flowers , but , when she needed a visa to flee the violence in Iraq , she says she got a whole lot of nothing instead -- four million refugees and fewer than 500 allowed into the United States .
We will look at the reasons why .
