Hello .
Well , Miles , the Air Force is now in the business of strategic drops .
It used to be that you would drop a pallet from 25,000 feet and it would just land wherever it landed , and then you had to get a donkey to bring the supplies up into the mountains .
Well , now they can get much closer .
They can get within yards instead of miles .
Here 's how it works .
The pallets have a little box on them called an AGU - an airborne guidance unit .
Inside that box there is a computer and a GPS system .
So , while this pallet is on the plane , they fire up the box .
And the GPS system tells the pallet where it is now .
Then they use a laptop - the airmen do - to send the plan wirelessly to the AG U.
That tells the cargo where it 's going to go .
It also talks about what kind of weather is outside .
Then once this pallet gets pushed off the plane , that 's it .
There 's no more communication .
This thing is totally self-contained .
It 's very smart .
The plane does n't communicate with it at all anymore .
What it does is , it uses its plan .
It adjusts for the actual weather outside .
And then it basically steers it down where it needs to be .
And this is landing within yards .
So , it guides the parachute ?
In other words , it 's one of those directional type parachutes and actually pull on the cords , or whatever needs to be done , to get it in the right spot .
The technology within this box is so smart , that it can really guide itself .
And not only the weather it 's been designed to guide , but it can guide it depending on what the weather actually is outside .
This is really interesting .
They can get as close as 160 yards in tests .
In the field it 's getting to about 280 .
But they say that this technology was rushed out into the field , because they needed it so badly .
So , they 're going back .
They 're going to try to eventually get it down to 50 yards .
So think about that - half a football field .
Not bad .
All right .
Yes , pretty cool stuff .
Jacki Schechner , thank you very much - Alina .
Cool stuff .
Miles , thank you .
State Farm ordered to pay for refusing to cover damage done by Hurricane Katrina .
Twenty-five minutes after the hour , Ali Velshi , " Minding Your Business . "
This is a whopper of a verdict , Ali .
And Alina , so many of us have covered this type of story , you know how important this is .
Yesterday , a federal judge in Mississippi ordered State Farm to pay a couple whose home had been destroyed $ 223,000 - the full value of the home .
That was n't the biggest deal .
A jury then came back with a punitive award for the couple against State Farm for $ 2.5 million .
Now , the judge ruled that State Farm was n't able to prove how much damage to the house was done by water .
The contention here with State Farm and so many of the other insurers , is that they have denied claims to homeowners after the hurricanes , saying that water caused the damage , not wind .
And water , as you know , is separately covered by flood insurance .
You have to have flood insurance in order to get coverage for that .
