And Judaism and Christianity have gone through several reformations in their history , in which they have distanced themselves for various reasons , at times , from the political order .
Islam is still struggling with that , the relationship to the state .
How do you stop a guy like this guy who -- who believes that shooting abortion doctors , I mean , is the right thing to do or a Muslim terrorist ?
Can you stop them and turn them ?
No, you ca n`t .
I mean , you stop them the way you stop any criminal .
You do whatever preventive measures , take whatever preventative measures you can take .
But this is too far gone when you have someone who is a member of an organization like Army of God , who believes God is the general and we`re in a cosmic war .
There` s no stopping that .
OK , Scott , thank you very much .
Now , listen , if you are standing up against anybody who is hijacking your religion , I want to hear about it .
This is the place where you can hold them accountable .
Draw me a line at GlennBeck@CNN.com .
All right .
Welcome to " The Real story . "
Now , by now , you`ve probably heard the news that President Bush personally ordered the raid on an Iranian government office inside Iraq last week .
But what you may not have heard is that the military now believes that the five men they detained are connected to a special Iranian Revolutionary Guard unit .
If this is true , this is a very big deal , because that unit has been known to provide funds and weapons , including IEDs , to insurgents -- i .e . , terrorists -- that are attacking coalition troops .
Get it ?
But even though this latest raid got the most publicity , it was far from the first time that Iranians were found inside Iraq .
On both December 20th and the 21st , U.S. forces found Iranians in the country with links to -- as a U.S. general delicately put it -- with links to illegal activities that have occurred there .
Hmm .
The real story tonight ?
Iran is committing acts of war against us , and no one in our government wants to acknowledge it .
People are afraid that they`re going to be accused of either trying to provoke Iran or they`re just trying to set up some sort of smokescreen to distract everybody from a war in Iraq .
Well , distraction or not , people in America need to hear it .
They need to hear it now , and they need to hear it from our president .
Honestly , President Bush is like a Navajo wind talker at times when he gives these speeches .
It like he` s developed some sort of code that he just hopes that people will be able to decipher on what he` s really trying to say .
Now , the reason why he makes such big news when he says something about Iran is because people believe , " Oh , my gosh , look what he` s saying now .
this is the first time I`ve ever heard him say that . "
Reality is he` s been talking about Iran for years .
He just -- in typical George W. Bush , God bless him , typical George W. Bush style , he never expresses it clearly .
