They 've always been thin , but some of the models on the catwalk these days are not just skinny , they 're down right skeletal .
LINDA WELLS , EDITOR-IN-CHIEF , " ALLURE" : I see bones .
I do n't like the idea of a knee being the largest part of the body .
I do n't want to see and count people 's rib bones .
When this Brazilian model , Anna Carolina Reston , died last year of complications related to anorexia , she weighed just 88 pounds .
It was front-page news , and the fashion industry responded introducing health requirements for models in parts of Europe .
New York responded , too .
No models under 16 on the runway .
Models with eating disorders are ordered to get help .
Designers are encouraged to feed the models back stage .
The problem is these are guidelines , and designers are free to do as they please .
At least one designer has resorted to weighing models .
What we 're looking for here --
Betsy Johnson says that 's not her style .
There is a healthier approach , and I think that 's good , but treating the girls like jockeys , or sports figures , making them weigh in , oh , I think that 's horrible .
Many in the industry believe the real issue is not weight , but age .
With models as young as 13 on the runway , editors say , of course , they 're thin .
They 're not fully grown .
Actress Rachel Welch , who at 66 is MAC cosmetics new beauty icon , says she does n't fault the model .
She blames designers for not making clothes big enough for the average woman .
Nothing fits .
You ca n't get the zippers up .
You say , well , are they just -- they just do n't want me ?
The models themselves ?
They say we should focus less on super skinny and more on obesity .
The world , in general , has the opposite problem , I think .
Models are never going to be average , they 're models .
And so , that alone , they 're going to be thinner and taller and younger than the average American woman , but I still think they should be representatives of health .
There 's been a lot of talk about exactly who is responsible for the models .
And most of the people in the industry I talked to said they believe the agencies , and at a more basic level , parents are responsible .
Some of the agents I spoke with say they are being pro active , and that when they do see a model who looks sick , they tell her she ca n't work , and get her to a doctor .
Now , one magazine editor I spoke with , Soledad , said we happen to be in a skinny model moment .
It 's unfortunate , but she said just like the fashions you see on the runway , this is a fad .
And , of course , everyone hopes it will go away .
Sounds like a lot of finger-pointing .
Well , the agents are responsible .
No, the parents are responsible .
No, the models themselves are responsible .
No, it 's the designers .
That 's right .
They play the blame game a little bit , yes .
If they did n't put -- I mean , if everybody is skinny , then the girls have to be skinny to work .
If they sort of picked heavier girls --
