All the while , a task force now formed , trying to investigate whether this man is connected to other missing and even murdered children .
Let` s go back out to the lines .
Chris in Delaware , hi , Chris .
Hi , Nancy .
Love you and your show .
Thank you .
I wanted to ask you , out of the 71 counts , there` s two that are abduction .
Do these boys have to go through 69 situations where this actually occurred ?
Apparently , yes .
Jean , what have you learned from looking at the charges ?
Each young man , there is one count of kidnapping for Michael Devlin , in regard to each one of these young men .
And that means restraining them , not allowing them to be free and to leave .
And then you have all the sodomy charges hinged onto that , so , yes .
Out to you , Dr. Robi Ludwig , psychotherapist .
Chris really brings up an excellent point , trying to work with child witnesses and going through nearly 70 counts of forcible sodomy , being anal or oral sex .
I notice that , at least in this complaint , we do n` t have specific dates .
You have general dates , like between this date and this date this occurred .
That` s very typical with child witnesses who ca n` t tell you the day of the month or the year sometimes even , Robi .
Well , and because they`re traumatized and they`re not thinking in terms of date .
And this can have a horrible impact , not only on their psyche , but in terms of how they question their own sexuality .
If their first sexual experience is with an adult man and they actually feel pleasure this can create a lot of confusion .
So I think what matters most here is that they work with somebody who` s a specialist so they`re not re=traumatized by the trial process or the questioning process .
You know , another thing I learned by reading all this material , Robi , as it is unfolding today , it` s an incredible day in the investigation of Michael Devlin , and the miraculous discovery of two little boys , an 11-year-old and 13-year-old , found alive in his apartment , one having been gone four years , is that Michael Devlin actually went on an extended trip to a wedding in Arizona .
We notice he did not travel with the other people , nor stay in the same hotel .
Many people are wondering why the elder of the two little boys did n` t escape , especially if he was on a road trip with Devlin .
Well , it sounds like somehow he was convinced , through the trauma process , that he was n` t allowed to get away .
And in some cases , these pedophiles almost act like a pseudo-parent .
So we do n` t know what was going on between the two of them .
But , obviously , he did not feel that he had the freedom to get away , or he somehow had the idea , if he did get away , someone would be endangered .
But this is something everybody really would like to understand a lot better : Why did n` t he escape when he seemed to have an opportunity ?
Well , even when Devlin was at work , we know that one of the young boys was free to roam the playgrounds in the area there at the apartment complex .
