Actually , I wanted to know if Mr. Devlin was a sex offender , how or why did his job and/or his previous job not do background checks ?
Paul Henderson , prosecutor , why do we not keep better track of these people ?
This is about the 500th story I have covered , you know , especially during my time at " America` s Most Wanted . "
I mean , there` s got to be a better way to keep track of these people .
Here` s what happens .
These are private businesses .
And maybe they did do a background check .
I do n` t know if they did or not .
They may not have cared and hired him anyway for the job .
I know we`re hearing a lot of talk about it , but he definitely will be facing charges for not registering in that state .
I just think those are going to be a small part of what he` s likely to be facing in court , given the scope and the nature of his activities involving these two boys .
OK .
Listen , we`ve got to talk to Lillian Glass , because clearly there are psychological ramifications .
Whether this man , you know , did anything to them physically or not , just the sheer -- the abduction in and itself , from the moment you`re told , get in the truck .
Lillian , what` s likely to happen to these poor kids ?
Absolutely , especially Shawn .
He was kidnapped during his puberty years .
And this is going to have a major , major impact on him .
But the thing that` s very appealing and the thing that` s going to be the saving grace is when he realizes how much his parents did for him , how many things they did to try to locate him throughout the years , and how much they care .
And I think that will weigh very heavily on his recovery .
And with Ben , he may be suffering from post-traumatic stress syndrome as the years go by , as the months go by .
And you can really have to watch him .
It` s going to be very important to look at him and to have him in therapy , as Shawn as well .
But both boys need to be in therapy for a very , very long time .
Are there any statistics that show that young people who have been abducted , you know , what kind of psychological ramifications might happen down the road ?
You know a problem with trust , a problem with marriage ?
I` m just guessing .
I do n` t know .
Sure .
There is going to be trust issues , definitely .
And there` s going to be a lot of other issues .
Not just trust , but just in general , their self-esteem , their self-worth , thinking they did something wrong .
So unless there` s a team in place , professionals working with them , working with the parents , this is very important .
And if there is this team , then the child can have a normal , healthy life as they get older .
Back to Bill Perkins , the neighbor of suspect Michael Devlin .
You know , you`ve got five kids who obviously went to school .
Did you notice that Shawn went to school and did he go to school with your kids ?
