Well , no , this is absolutely right , Jonathan .
When I was doing my reporting on Dubai , and I tried to look at some of the underbelly of Dubai , you know , beyond the glitz and the glamour of the hotels and the developments , and when I visited some of these labor camps , I did see far too many laborers who were treated as , according to Human Rights Watch , less than human .
I saw far too many laborers who were not paid on time .
And , you know , in some ways they are exploited both in Dubai , with the construction companies who are not paying them on time , but they 're also exploited back home , tragically , by unscrupulous agents who force them to pay this exorbitant fee for their visa .
And , you know , any city that has the ability to build islands in the sea , to make ten times their coastline , you know , through building these islands , can certainly get these construction companies in order to treat these workers in a more humane manner .
And I believe that Dubai will never become a great city until it becomes a good city , and they 're going to have to get these sort of things in order in order for them to be a great global city .
Afshin Molavi , of the New America Foundation , and once again , his article in this month 's edition of the " National Geographic . "
Thanks so much for talking with us .
Thank you , Jonathan , it 's a pleasure .
We take another break .
When we come back , the other emirate .
Dubai and its big brother in the desert .
Stay with us .
Dubai sits on the eastern edge of the vast Arabian Desert , along with six other tiny sheikhdoms that make up the United Arab Emirates .
The UAE was founded in 1971 after gaining its independence from Britain .
For decades , it was ruled by Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan of Abu Dhabi , who spread his realm 's oil wealth across the emirates .
He died two years ago and was smoothly succeeded by his son .
Welcome back .
A moment ago we were talking about Sheikh Mohammed of Dubai .
Well , Sheikh Zayed is credited with transforming the entire UAE from just a spot on the map to a world financial hub .
Abu Dhabi is the country 's capital and the biggest , richest and most powerful of the emirates .
In recent years , many investors , tourists and the headlines have gone to Dubai , leaving the more established city-state searching for a new plan of its own .
Kristi Lu Stout has this look .
Thanks to its vast oil reserves , Abu Dhabi is the wealthiest of the seven city-states in the United Arab Emirates .
But for many years it has existed in the shadow of Dubai .
Its more worldly neighbor has stolen the march in many areas , like construction and finance , media and technology .
But Abu Dhabi is ready for its close up .
Massive building works are underway , its physical and cultural landscape changing at a dazzling rate .
The city is just evolving , but it 's evolving in a controlled manner .
The quality has been demanded of the design of our buildings , the planning that is going into the city-wide planning works .
Each of our projects is planned properly .
The infrastructure is being developed ahead of the built form .
