It 's not just Chuck Hagel , who you accurately point out has disagreed with the president on Iraq .
Normally very loyal foot soldiers , Republican supporters of the president are now increasingly coming out as well , including Norm Coleman of Minnesota .
Listen to what he said after the president 's speech .
SEN.
NORM COLEMAN , R-MINN. : I oppose the proposal for a troop surge .
I oppose the proposal for a troop surge in Baghdad , where violence can only be defined as sectarian .
And you could name several others , Sam Brownback of Kansas among others .
You have a sort of a mini revolt happening among Republicans in the Senate right now .
Well , look , the Iraq war is the biggest issue in the country .
We know it 's not going well .
The president knows it 's not going well .
That 's why he 's been making changes over the last two months to try to improve the situation there .
What we do know has been extremely successful and the principal reason for going on offense after 9/11 in Afghanistan and Iraq was to protect us here at home .
That part on the war on terror has been a 100 percent success .
We have not been attacked again for five years .
The more difficult part has been leaving behind a stable government in Iraq , and reasonable people can differ .
I mean , Joe Lieberman , one of the most prominent Democrats , running mate of Al Gore in 2000 , happens to agree with President Bush .
So , I think there are bipartisan differences on the best way forward .
I think we ought to give the president a chance to succeed so we can have a victory there , victory again being defined as a stable government .
Other than Joe Lieberman , who is now formally an independent , although he caucuses with the Democrats , can you name any other Democratic senator who supports the president 's strategy right now ?
There are not many .
And I think that there 's no question this has , the opposition to the buildup in Baghdad has some bipartisan opposition .
It 's going to be a great debate .
It 's the most important issue in the country .
This is the reason the United States Senate exists , for great debates .
There are some recent poll numbers we got after the speech .
According to our CNN opinion research corporation poll , on the question of , " Do you favor or oppose the president 's plan to send more troops to Iraq ? "
Only 32 percent favor , 66 percent oppose .
How is the president handling the situation in Iraq ?
Twenty-nine percent approve of the job he 's doing .
Sixty-nine percent disapprove .
And as far as a resolution to block funds for sending more troops to Iraq using the Senate 's power together with the House , 60 percent say they should vote for such a resolution .
Thirty-eight percent say they should not vote for such a resolution .
Numbers pretty gloomy from the president 's perspective .
Yeah , they are gloomy .
But I think what the American people would really like to see is success .
They 'd like to see progress .
And the president has looked at the situation , analyzed the situation , talked to his advisers , consulted with Congress -- we 've had numerous meetings -- and concluded the best chance to succeed is to have a secure capital .
To quiet Baghdad down , to give this fledgling democracy a chance to function .
