The Ashley controversy centers on this : If someone 's brain is like a baby 's , is it OK so make her body stay small , too ?
Ashley 's parents say , for their daughter , yes .
They want to be able to carry Ashley for the rest of her life , so they can more easily cuddle her and include her in on family activities .
She 's nine now .
And they write : " We are currently near the limits of our ability to lift Ashley , at 65 pounds . "
Matt weighs more than twice that .
So , Matt is 5'9 '' , 150 pounds .
Correct .
That 's bigger than Ashley would have been full grown .
HOO
Right .
And you lift him .
I lift him .
OK .
Good job .
Sue Hood says , of course , it 's tough lifting her 15-year-old son , turning him , changing his diaper .
You see , once you have an idea on how to work with these kids and how to dress , it 's really not such a big deal .
Can you understand why they did what they did ?
No.
I ca n't understand for a minute why they did what they did .
I still think it 's appalling .
I ca n't understand why anyone would choose that for their child .
Matt 's parents say it 's easy to cuddle with him .
They want him to go through puberty , just like everybody else .
We do n't need to lift you like a baby to get a hug , no .
I put him in the tilt wheelchair every Saturday and I shave his face for him , you know , and I put on some aftershave on him .
And we talk about being a man , and how , you know , he 's like his dad , and is n't that a great thing , to be a man ?
You know , he -- they get that .
Ashley 's parents say a child-sized body without breasts is fitting and dignified for their daughter .
They have inspired others .
One mother asked doctors to do something similar to her disabled daughter , but was told no .
In an e-mail to Ashley 's parents , that mother wrote , " Your experience has given me the strength to revisit the situation with the doctors . "
Ashley and Matt both spend their days in wheelchairs , lying in bed , listening to music .
She loves opera .
He prefers country music .
All right .
Good job .
You did it .
But their parents have very different definitions of dignity , have made very different choices for their children , who cannot make those choices on their own .
Elizabeth Cohen , CNN, Woodridge , Illinois .
No one , of course , knows the challenge of caring for a disabled child better than the parents themselves .
And you are about to meet a man who has some very strong feelings about that .
Bennie Waddell is the father of 7-year-old Ben .
He strongly supports the decision of Ashley 's parents .
He 's even been in touch with them to offer his encouragement .
And Bennie very much wanted us to meet Ben .
So , they both join us tonight from Greenville , South Carolina .
Delighted to have both of you join us tonight .
Thank you .
Thank you , Paula .
So , Bennie , among other things , you have heard Ashley 's parents and the ethicists and doctors that made the decision described as child abusers , mutilators , evil , playing God .
