And I apologize being a few minutes late .
I 'm not Bill Clinton .
I 'm not an hour late .
Did he say " Clinton " ?
Actually , Hillary Clinton has not been here for a while .
All of the candidates have to come to New Hampshire if they want to win .
It 's not , it 's just the way that it is .
The fact is , as you mentioned , Soledad , the first in the nation primary is scheduled exactly a year from today .
However , there are other states crowding things , and New Hampshire reserves the right to move its primary earlier , if necessary , if necessary in the eyes of state officials .
Meanwhile , the first in the nation presidential debates will be held here in April .
And did I mention that they 're co-sponsored by CNN?
You did not .
But if you had n't , I would have mentioned that , Bob .
Thank you very much .
I 'd be in deep trouble , yes .
And funny , because here 's the segue .
A programming note , if you will .
CNN teaming up , in fact , with WMUR TV in Manchester and the " Union-Leader " for a pair of debates in New Hampshire , Wednesday April 4th , Thursday April 5th , one for Republican presidential hopefuls , one for Democrats .
CNN 's Wolf Blitzer is going to moderate that .
Bob , thank you very much .
We also want to hear from you .
We invite your questions for the candidates or for our coverage as well .
You can just send me an e- mail at cnn.com/am , click on the link about halfway down the page .
I 'm going to answer some of your questions and give you a glimpse of how we do things here at CNN -- Miles .
New storms blowing in and warnings to stay off the roads .
The travel forecast is next .
Iran upping the ante .
A new military threat and another U.S. aircraft carrier on the move .
And a soldier fights and wins the battle of his life .
They said he would n't live , they said he would n't walk , but they had no idea who they were writing off .
You 're watching AMERICAN MORNING.
The most news in the morning is on CNN.
Welcome back , everybody .
The most news in the morning is right here on CNN.
Breaking news out of Iraq right now .
The death toll is rising after car bombings in a Baghdad marketplace this morning .
At least 75 people now have been killed .
And another round of winter storms dropping ice and snow from the Mid-Atlantic states , the Plains .
It 's making a big mess on the roads there .
Here 's a look at what CNN correspondents all around the world are covering today .
I 'm Aneesh Raman in Cairo .
Another round of war games are under way in Iran .
According to the state-run media , the military will be testing short-range missiles for the next three days .
The maneuvers come just as the United States is moving a second aircraft carrier into the Persian Gulf .
As tensions have escalated over the past year between Iran and the international community over its nuclear program , Iran has had a number of war games , three of them last year alone .
A sign , a very public sign , that the Islamic republic is prepared for whatever may come .
And a top religious figure in Iran on a top Shia clerical body has warned in the past day or so that Iran could be attacked in the coming months by the United States , hit at its nuclear facilities .
