David , are the changes real ?
I think the changes in policy will be real , but they may not go far enough to -- to really please the hard-liners .
This has taken an awful long time .
It has been more than two months now since the country spoke in the elections , asking for a change of course that was then promised before Christmas .
Still do n't have it .
But I have to tell you , Anderson , I -- I believe the changes on the -- on the diplomatic side are smart , and they are very worthwhile .
They prepare the administration to be in much better shape for a diplomatic surge here in the next few weeks .
Condi Rice , at the State Department , over the last six months , has lost two of her top deputies , her deputy Bob Zoellick , and then her counselor Phil Zelikow -- huge losses .
She has n't been able to fill those positions .
Moving John Negroponte out there now gives her someone at her side to conduct diplomacy .
Putting Khalilzad at the U.N. , that puts a much stronger front line up there for diplomatic purposes .
And there 's -- as -- as you know , the Democrats , along with Baker-Hamilton and the Republicans , all want to see more done on the diplomatic front .
She was too shorthanded to do that before .
you know , Anderson , one of the reasons why this has taken so long is that we 're really seeing a major change in military strategy here , from a policy of force protection , which is Generals Abizaid and Casey favored , to a full-blown , classic counterinsurgency strategy .
And that 's why naming General David Petraeus , who is a real military intellectual , the guy in charge of our land forces in Iraq today , may be the most important decision the president has made .
David Petraeus formerly commanded the area around Mosul .
And then he ...
Right .
Then he was also in charge of retraining the Iraqi forces .
But the Mosul example is the key here .
And that 's why this is going to be so hard .
He actually did a counterinsurgency surge in Mosul .
He put troops in the -- in the streets 24/7 .
He had local patrol bases .
He calmed that city down .
And we thought it was done , and we pulled his troops out , the 101st Airborne .
And then Mosul just blew up all over again , which is exactly what people fear about this surging strategy in Baghdad .
A skeptic would say , look , Petraeus was also put in charge retraining the Iraqi security forces , as I remember , two or three years ago .
He was on the cover of " TIME" or " Newsweek " when he did that , .
There was a lot of hoopla about it .
Certainly did n't seem to work out very well .
Right .
Well , it was n't -- it certainly did n't and that was , in part , because they were trying to do it so quickly .
These were nine-week wonders .
And also , we have n't really seen very many effective Iraqi military units that were not militias .
Anderson , if I could just add , I want to -- I spent a couple of days with General Petraeus at Leavenworth at the commander general staff college this last fall .
He is first rate .
He may not be able to solve the problem , but he 's one of the best the army has , one of the most promising officers .
To have him there now is an excellent move .
