And really , it` s not just the image of him leaving his sad , pregnant wife , but it` s also the sound of his rap .
And I do n` t know if you heard ( INAUDIBLE) , but he not only got a bad rap , he gave a bad rap .
And I do n` t forgive that .
I try to avoid it at all costs .
Real quickly , Howard , I want to talk about how - how this image battle could impact the custody battle .
They may be heading to court .
You`ve been with celebs in this situation before .
Does that public image make a difference as the custody battle plays out ?
Absolutely .
I think the judge is going to look at these two characters and say , ` Is n` t there a nice , infertile family in Pequomia ( ph ) that can raise these children ?`
You - you play in the court of public opinion , and you play in the court of law .
And they`re inherently intertwined .
And - and I think the court of public opinion really affects what the - what the judge is going to think about this case .
And I do n` t think either of them are helping themselves in their custody battle right now .
And I think we will continue to keep the image scorecard .
Howard Bragman from Fifteen Minutes , Teresa Strasser from TV Guide Channel` s " TV Watercooler , " I thank you for joining us .
Thank you .
Thanks a lot .
Well , we`ve been asking you to vote on our SHOWBIZ TONIGHT " Question of the Day , " asking : " Britney Versus K-Fed : Is Kevin winning the image war ? "
Keep voting at cnn.com/showbiztonight , or write to us at showbiztonight@cnn.com .
We`ll get into those e-mails tomorrow .
And remember , SHOWBIZ TONIGHT is the only entertainment news show allowing you to express your opinion on video .
Let us make you a star .
Send us a video e-mail by checking out the Web site , cnn.com/showbiztonight .
Well , despite appearing to be the driving force behind their divorce , Jessica Simpson says splitting from Nick Lachey was n` t easy .
The pop star graces the cover of March` s " Elle " magazine .
She tells the mag that after their separation , she was indeed stung when Nick Lachey was photographed with " Laguna Beach " star Kristin Cavallari .
Simpson admits , " Oh , it hurt me .
Two or three weeks later - yes , I`d say it kind of hurt me . "
Simpson says just before they split , she` d seen the movie " The Notebook , " and took the message to heart .
She says her decision as about a moment of desperation , and she needed to breathe .
Simpson says she` s happy she did " Newlyweds " on MTV , and happy she was married to Nick .
The singer Lachey will always be a part of her life , and any future beau will have to understand that .
And speaking of beau , the 26-year-old would n` t reveal any details about her presumed relationship with John Mayer , saying she` s been burned in the past by telling too much .
( INAUDIBLE) , sounds like she has a healthy attitude about things .
It` s now for " The SHOWBIZ Weight Watch . "
SHOWBIZ TONIGHT covers Hollywood` s obsession with body image like no other entertainment news show .
