Jackie ...
... he 's the biological father .
Jackie , if you 're going to testify , you 're going to have to get there tomorrow .
Exactly .
Red eye is all good with me .
Have you heard anything tonight ?
HATTE
As of yet , no .
Debra Opri is supposed to give me a call back .
I did call the person three times that is scheduling witnesses and as of yet , no call back .
Where do you ...
And it 's very disturbing .
Where do you think Anna should be buried ?
She did wish to be in , you know , Westwood with Marilyn Monroe .
But , however , there 's one plot .
Everyone keeps saying that she wants to be buried next to Daniel .
Of course .
But nobody 's mentioning her actual husband , Howard Marshall III , who she considered her husband no matter who she was dating or doing at the time .
So if Virgie has the right to take her child and bury her in Houston , that is where Anna is from , that is where J.
Howard Marshall III is from and that is actually where Daniel is from , as well .
So I think that the family should have a right to have their daughter close by .
And both families , actually , should have their children close by .
If -- would you be shocked if paternity tests show that Howard Stern is the father ?
I think I will fall over myself .
I 'll fall over and it will be over .
I just do not believe that she would ever do him .
She told me that if he was the last man on Earth , it would not happen .
So I will trust my friend .
She has never lied to me and we 've had never one ill word betwixt us over the entire 15 years of us knowing each other .
Have you had ...
So I ( UNINTELLIGIBLE ) my friend .
They talked about compensation today .
Have you been compensated at all by anybody in the media or anywhere for coming forward ?
No.
No, sir .
No, sir .
I 've denied -- people have asked to buy pictures for $ 5,000 apiece , of Anna , or of Daniel or of whatnot .
I would not do it .
The only time that I did come forward was before Anna passed away when I was reaching out to her via media , because phone lines were cut , e-mails were changed and Howard was playing gatekeeper .
The only way I was able to get in contact with my friend was via the television .
And that was on " E.T. " before Anna passed away .
So that was my only ...
But you were n't paid ?
... my only intervention .
Pardon me ?
Thank you -- and you were n't paid ?
No, I was paid for that one interview ...
You were ?
... way back in the day .
That was one interview .
Hold on ...
After that --
So " E.T. " did pay ...
...
I was promised I would n't take a thing .
" E.T." ...
" E.T. " did pay me , yes .
OK .
A very substantial for one hour of...
Because the other day ...
... a one hour interview about ...
All right .
The other day on the ...
