`97 , `98 ?
We became more than friends .
It was after that , probably 2000 .
In 2000 you started to have a more personal , intimate relationship with her ?
Yes .
And it was not -- it was not exclusive .
Because of my relationship as her attorney , and it was something we did n` t disclose to too many people .
But -- and she had other boyfriends in between .
I wanted her to be happy .
She was my best friend , my lover , the mother of my daughter , everything to me , I mean , literally everything , my whole world .
I want to direct you back to talking a little bit more about Anna` s relationship with Daniel .
From the day that Daniel died , Anna honestly was never the same .
I mean , I would say that physically she died last week , but in a lot of ways emotionally in a lot of ways she died when Daniel died .
Anna in a lot of always thought she was going to die young and she said that .
She thought that she was going to be like Marilyn Monroe .
So she thought she was going to die at , I forget , the age was 36 or 37 and also thought she was going to die when she was giving birth to Dannielynn .
So Anna did talk about death .
She talked about death really from the time that I met her .
Did Anna refer to you as her husband to other people ?
Yes , she did .
And did you refer to her as your wife ?
Yes .
It was n` t legally binding in the Bahamas , we actually had planned on getting married again .
When were you supposed to marry Anna ?
Supposed to do it this week .
Anna wanted our marriage to be a legal marriage .
I had some concerns because I was concerned about how people would perceive it .
I was concerned that people would think that I` m making a run for her money .
But what finally convinced us not to make it legal was , upon the advice of counsel , that the marital privilege - because her son had passed away and we did n` t want to give any perception that we were trying to hide what we were doing .
Howard K. Stern also said that Anna Nicole told him that she wanted to be buried in the Bahamas next to her son , Daniel .
He told the court that they had purchased two plots when Daniel died , one for him and the other for her .
While Howard K. Stern took center stage , the judge in the trial may be looking for an even bigger stage , namely , his own television show .
And we do n` t just mean the current trial .
Take a listen to this .
It` s a piece of paper .
That` s purported to be a will .
That causes me to lose more hair than I already lost .
SHOWBIZ TONIGHT can tell you that Judge Larry Seidlin has been acting like quite a character in this drama .
And tonight there is startling news that he may want to be the next Judge Judy .
TMZ broke the story and joining us from Glendale , California is managing editor Harvey Levin of the entertainment Web site tmz.com .
