Yes , and that we did n't even get into the issue of the fact this our ports are still not secure .
No reference to borders over which a million or more illegal aliens cross every year .
The idea that someone at DHS could refer to this as simply a rehash of four years of charges against the management of DHS ? That 's spectacular .
There have been four years of very sharp criticism , and the GAO has not been able to take this agency off -- this department off the high-risk list .
And I love the attitude , a rehash .
I wonder if it occurs to anyone at DHS that -- the fact that there 's some repetition in this is because they 're not solving the problems and doing what they 're supposed do for American -- American citizens ?
You are , Christine .
Thank you very much .
Christine Romans .
Time now for some of your thoughts .
Jim in Texas wrote in to say , " I 've been a fan of yours ever since you started to take notice of the things that really matter to the middle and working class .
I know that what I 'm about to ask is akin to asking a dog to voluntarily leave a butcher shop , but here goes .
Since I can see no value beyond the titillation factor in the story about Lisa Nowak , why not do the right thing and stop the wall - to-wall coverage of it ? "
You may have noticed there is no coverage of that particular story on this broadcast tonight .
And I love your metaphor .
Craig in Texas , " What is happening to the two Border Patrol agents Ramos and Compean is simply outrageous .
Johnny Sutton and Alberto Gonzales are guilty of protecting the illegal Mexican drug smuggler over two fine law enforcement officers .
Sutton never had to prosecute this case and Gonzales darn well could have stopped it So who are the real criminals here ? "
And Donald in Wisconsin : " The White House and Mr. Johnny Sutton are sending the message to all law-abiding Border Patrol agents that the mission ahead is to safeguard drug smugglers and their way of life . "
Send us your thoughts at loudobbs.com .
More of your thoughts coming up here later .
Each of you whose e-mail is read here receives a copy of my book , " War on the Middle Class . "
Up next , the prosecution 's star witness takes the stand in the CIA leak trial of Scooter Libby .
We 'll have the very latest .
And is a three-party system what America wants and needs ?
Is it the cure that Washington needs ?
Stay with us for that and a great deal more .
Thirteen deaths are now being blamed on snow and the bitter cold in the east and Midwest .
The freezing weather has led to school closings , flight cancellations , and car accidents from Minnesota to West Virginia to New York .
Parts of western New York , in fact , are buried under more than five feet of snow tonight .
Freezing temperatures are likely to keep a firm grip on the Midwest and Northeast tonight , the forecasters say .
Overnight lows will hover around zero from North Dakota to northern Illinois .
Michigan and western New York can expect more lake-effect snow tomorrow .
And another storm system moving onshore will bring rain and snow to the Pacific Northwest and Northern California .
