Rusty , thanks .
Good to -- nice reporting , as always .
My next guest has the tough job of getting this community through this .
And particularly , this community 's children .
Anna Cowin is the superintendent of schools here in Lake County .
It 's a school system tonight that is dealing with a loss .
One of your students has passed away .
A young girl , 17 years old .
How -- first of all , really , you 've set up this , an early warning system that enabled you to get information to the kids , to their parents that the schools were closed down , not to even try to go to school today .
Well , very early this morning , at 6:00 o'clock , we started the alert system and were able to put it in effect in minutes and make calls out to literally thousands of people .
It 's a great system that you really started because of another incident in the past .
When you 've experienced a loss of at least one student that we know of , a young girl -- I talked to her mother earlier .
Her name is Brittney May ( ph ) .
She wanted to be a Marine .
She wanted to go into ROTC .
How do you help the other kids deal with that ?
Well , we have grief counselors at the schools .
And in fact , we had some other students that , according to some reports that I 'm getting , that have passed away .
And during the school day , we sent counselors to the schools because students were coming in on bus ride saying , hey , this student on my bus is not there and there were rumors of injury and serious mishaps .
So we had grief counselors at the schools and we 'll have them again on Monday .
And I guess it 's not just kids who have passed away , but other people have parents who have passed away or parents who have injured or family members who have been injured .
Beyond that .
When children lose their sense of security -- and some children could be as young as kindergarten , first grade -- or even more adult students in high school .
Their friends mean a lot to them .
And loss of their stability , their home , their tradition of the way they run their day .
You put your child to bed at night .
You certainly do n't expect that the next morning there will be problems within your household .
So it 's not just immediate problems .
Its fears or thoughts that may crop up weeks from now with these kids .
Right .
And these times are tough for the children because they have big exams coming up .
Sure .
And we do n't want them to feel that the pressures that they have in the house and the fact that some may not even have a home impinge on what they 're trying to do in school .
We 're trying to make the school as safe an environment as we can during these tough times .
Well , it 's been , I know , a long day for you .
And I appreciate you talking about it .
And the school district is lucky to have you , Anna .
Thanks .
Thanks for being with us .
