Cost as lot of money , a lot of the solutions you come up with in the book .
I mean , can we afford it ?
Really , we ca n't afford not to do it is what we really think .
It 's a bit like , you know , if you buy a used car and never do preventative maintenance , you 're going to have a very big bill at the end of the day .
So , if you are going to have earthquakes and you do n't have a public -- if you do n't have public health and emergency responders equipped to go , you 're going to lose a lot of lives .
If you have a flood control system tat is not being kept up , then a bad weather event turns into a major disaster .
The investments that we will make to make ourselves a society that can take these punches , roads that work better , the public health care that can manage a serious event , these are the kind of thing that will improve our quality of life .
So when we think of national security , in the last couple of years when we thought of national security , we have often thought more about what 's happening overseas and foreign policy , not so much what 's happening here at home and what we are doing here .
For every nation in the world , national security is first and foremost about protecting the nation .
And if have you any power left over , protecting your interests beyond your shores .
That 's every nation , but the United States that 's dealt with national security as only that second part .
This is crazy .
The fact is , as a more resilient nation , as a more safe nation , as one where our civil society is fully engaged in the process of thinking through and preparing for bad things , we will be a stronger nation .
The book is " The Edge of Disaster , " a new way of fighting the war on terror .
Stephen Flynn , thanks .
Thanks for having me .
We began this hour by saying we did n't want to scare you .
And while what we have shown you can be terrifying , the threats can be minimized so that the next time disaster strikes , our country as resourceful and resilient as ours will be ready .
I 'm John King in New York .
Still much more tonight on 360 , including more from Anderson , on a differently battle .
Inside the Amazon , a vital ecosystem disappearing .
What happens here in the rain forest affects us in the United States and affects people literally around the world .
Anderson 's reality check on our " Planet in Peril . "
Plus , tiny baby beats big odds .
I finally held her .
I was a little afraid because she was so small .
This little baby has fired up the debate over abortion rights .
All the angles , when 360 continues .
I 'm John King in New York .
And I 'm Kiran Chetry .
Anderson , wildlife biologist Jeff Corwin , and the entire 360 team are in the Amazon rainforest for the first in our yearlong series of special reports that we 're calling " Planet in Peril . "
