Are you used to the fact that there are immigrants passing under your city ?
Not really .
It 's kind of strange , is n't it ?
Yes .
We go back to darkness .
Part of the tunnel system is rushing sewage water flowing through .
You find shoes and cell phones discarded .
And then the agents command us to be quiet .
They see something .
( SPEAKING SPANISH)
" Who is it ?
Who is it ? "
the agents yell in Spanish .
And listen to this whisper .
UNIDENTIFIED MAL
I have got a body south of us .
A body south .
As it turns out , the night-vision goggles reveal at least six moving bodies just feet away on the other side of the board .
( SPEAKING SPANISH)
" We are American police .
Slow down , " say the agents .
It 's hard to make out their soft responses .
And it 's still not clear who these people are .
( SPEAKING SPANISH)
" What are you doing ? " they ask .
The moments are nerve - racking .
Weapons are ready .
The silence lasts minutes .
There 's always concern that smugglers with nothing to lose will fire first .
It 's them against the smugglers inside those tunnels .
It is a very dangerous job .
This night-vision video was shot by the Border Patrol a couple of months ago -- on the right , Mexicans who have crossed over into the U.S.
They ca n't see the Border Patrol agents on the left or the bats flying in circles .
Watch what happens when one of the agents jumps down to catch them .
Chaos ensues .
But , ultimately , the agents arrest them and others they find in the tunnel .
They 're brought out of the sewer .
And the ones without criminal records are sent back to Mexico .
I want you back here , behind me .
Back in our tunnel , the agents see lights .
Mexican authorities have arrived .
Come on down , dude .
It 's clear .
The six suspicious people have disappeared on the other side of this yellow border line in Mexico .
It 's still not clear what they were up to .
So , I leave the sewer the same way many illegal immigrants do : climb through a side tunnel , and exit into blinding sunlight in the middle of a busy American street .
It 's not known how many people escape into Nogales , Arizona , without ever being seen .
But it 's clear a lot of them come through sewers , like I just did .
And it does n't even shock the people in the city , because it happens so frequently .
Most of the arrests are still of the traditional variety , but the number of people captured in the tunnels every month now sometimes approaches 1,000 .
Amazing , just amazing images .
Are -- are there patrols in the tunnels all the time ?
They have daily patrols , but they 're not there 24 hours .
But what happens , Anderson , is that there are sensors .
There are cameras in the tunnel .
Whenever the sensor is triggered , the agents get down there within five minutes .
So , they 're there a lot of the time .
How much do the smugglers charge to bring people through the -- the sewer ?
We went on the Mexico side and we talked with a man who said he had several friends who had gone through the sewers , and he said they were charged about $ 1,500 to $ 2,000 for each journey , which for poor Mexicans is an incredible amount of money .
