So in a word , Oprah did it her way .
Yes , and good for her .
I - I do n` t think she has to answer to anybody on this .
Jeff Koinange , thanks for that inside look , and thanks for joining us from Johannesburg tonight .
Well tonight , we have a SHOWBIZ TONIGHT exclusive .
The No. 1 Britney Spears fan Web site is shutting down .
Its creator , Ruben Garay , has worked day and night for six years bringing Brit` s fans together around the world at worldofbritney .com .
But now he says , he` s fed up with Spears and her antics .
I spoke exclusively to Garay , and I asked him what got him so upset .
I do n` t think it` s about - it` s so much about being upset .
I think it - it has more to do with - with the credibility that Britney has lost , not just now , right now , like in the past few months , but over the years , with fans and industry people .
It` s more about , you know , not being able to believe in her as much as I used to do it .
And it` s - it` s taken a toll on - on - on her fans , the Web site and , you know , the entire community .
And in terms of not being able to believe in her , I think everybody who was a fan of Britney` s or is a fan of Britney` s was absolutely shocked when she got together with Kevin Federline .
When she finally filed for divorce from Kevin , were - were you thinking maybe she` s actually turning things around here ?
Absolutely .
Actually , I was the first one to - to notice that , you know , as soon as she divorced Kevin Federline and she decided to go back with her old manager , Lear Rudolph ( ph ) , I was the first one to , you know , say , Guys , you know , this is a historic moment .
Britney` s - Britney just left Kevin Federline ; she` s going to go back with her old manager .
This is big ; this is historic .
And something happened , you know ?
And - and - and I was really , really rooting for her .
But it` s - it` s all about the decisions that she decided to make .
And - and that` s - you know , at the end of the - at the end of the day , that` s - that` s her decision .
It` s just - it - whatever that happens with her fans is a - or the Web site worldobritney .com , is really a reflection of what` s going on with her at - at the moment .
I mean , it really does seem that there` s some kind of a disconnect here .
Because obviously , she cannot exist without her fans .
She obviously is well aware of the publicity that she` s been getting .
Of course , we naming her the most controversial celebrity of 2006 , among - among other things .
Do - do you think , Ruben , that she just has her head in the sand here ?
You know , that` s a really question .
I - I actually - I thought that the last straw that happened here - because I - I this is something that - that happened recently .
There was a contest that worldofbritney .com
held about a month ago , or a month and a half ago , where two fans were going to get meet Britney Spears at Kevin Federline` s album-release party .
