More courage from Rocky Balboa as he panders to his Mexican audience .
Coming up next , House Democrats moving fast and tackling ethics right out of the gate .
We 'll have a report on the new rules of the game in D.C.
The Democrats off to a good start .
The Reverend Jesse Jackson says it 's time for Congress to push for a change in urban policy .
He 'll be here with us to discuss that .
And the hunt for radical Islamist terrorists intensifying in east Africa .
We 'll have a special report to you tonight from Nairobi .
Stay with us .
As they promised , congressional Democrats are taking aim at the cozy relationship between lawmakers and lobbyists .
Public disgust with corruption on Capitol Hill prompting today 's tightening of ethics rules , but whether it 's enough to keep members from being bought and sold is still in question .
Lisa Sylvester reports .
Kentucky congressman Hal Rogers and his wife spent a week in Kona , Hawaii , last January .
Airport executives picked up the $ 7,000 tab .
They also paid for his visits to Dublin , Ireland , and San Francisco .
Under newly-adopted House ethics rules that passed 430-1 , lobbying groups can no longer pay for such trips , meals and entertainment .
When the speaker 's gavel comes down , it intends to open the people 's House , not the auction House .
In the opening hours of the new congressional session , House Democrats have kept a pledge to clean up the swamp of corruption in Washington .
House lawmakers are banned from flying on corporate jets at reduced prices .
Congressional travel financed by outside groups must be approved in advance and immediately disclosed .
November 's elections spurred the House to take quick action .
Voters demanding change after a string of lobbying scandals .
Today we sever the links between those who would buy influence on Capitol Hill and those who would willingly sell it .
Public watchdog groups are now pressing Congress to create an independent enforcement office to hold lawmakers to the new standards .
They also say pensions of convicted lawmakers should be taken away , but overall , they are praising the new rules .
FRED WERTHEIMER , DEMOCRACY 21 : What the new rules do in the end is challenge the culture of entitlement on Capitol Hill , whereby members had become used to having their lifestyles paid for by lobbyists and other influence-seekers .
Congress for so long has operated on a pay-to-play system , where those with the deepest pockets have the loudest voice .
That could now be changing .
The Senate is expected to take up a similar ethics package Monday .
Now , the one House member who voted against the ethics rules was Representative Dan Burton because he claims it does not go far enough .
However , Burton , like many other members of Congress , has gone on a few junkets , including a week-long visit to Taiwan with his wife last fall that cost $ 15,000 , paid for , Lou , by business interests -- Lou .
A business interest .
Well , $ 2 billion spent by lobbyists in Washington , D.C. , and I think just about everyone would agree that they have certainly made a good investment over the past decade .
The idea that this could be ending is something to rejoice .
