You know , Larry , I have never , ever acquitted a client based on reasonable doubt .
If you start talking to juries about reasonable doubt , what they say is , here 's the jury .
Let me be the juror a minute .
You know , Spence is out there talking about reasonable doubt .
That 's just a cute lawyer trick .
It really means that he 's guilty but he has n't proven him guilty enough .
The prosecution has n't done its job quite well enough .
But they know and we know and the defense knows and the defendant knows , everybody knows and we know that he 's guilty .
So this reasonable doubt is just lawyer talk , and let 's get down to the nubbins here and get this case decided in accordance with justice .
That 's what jurors do .
Now , that being the case , I have the responsibility , contrary to the law , contrary to the business of presumption of innocence , I have the duty to prove my client innocent .
And if I do n't carry that burden , my client is going to be convicted .
I never heard it put that way .
Do you agree , Mark ?
There really is no presumption of innocence .
There is no presumption of innocence .
If you get somebody to be honest with you , when they see you next to your client on that side of the counsel table , virtually everyone will tell you , if they 're honest , you know , where there 's smoke there 's fire .
If this guy did n't do it , why would he be here ?
Or if he did n't do this , he did something else .
So when you 're asking jurors , at least my experience , whether or not -- as you sit here , can you presume my client to be innocent and they say , oh , yes .
And you say they just read off 15 charges in the indictment that charged him with all these heinous crimes .
Do you have any reaction ?
And the juror said , oh , no , I have no reaction at all .
You know they 're lying through their teeth at you , and you have to understand that .
I do n't know about Gerry , but I often prefer a juror that says , yes , when I looked at him , I figured there 's something here .
Where there 's smoke there 's fire .
At least then , I have somebody I can engage in an honest dialogue and they 're not lying through their teeth at you .
Can I tell a story ?
Yes , when we come back , we 'll tell the story .
We 'll take a break .
We 'll be right back .
The book is " Beyond a Reasonable Doubt . "
Do n't go away .
Welcome back to this Super Bowl eve edition of "LARRY KING LIVE . "
We 're discussing the book " Beyond a Reasonable Doubt . "
I wrote the introduction .
Owen LaFave has as wonderful book out , " Gorgeous Disaster , " the tragic story of Debra LaFave .
All right , Gerry , what 's the story ?
OK .
I 'm defending a sheriff of having killed his undercover agent , shot him between his eyes in the back seat of the sheriff 's car .
It 's been publicized all over .
It 's been on "60 Minutes " and all the rest and everybody says this sheriff ought to be hung for killing his undercover agent .
So I go to the jury and I begin to do just what Mark Geragos says .
You 've read all this .
Do you think he 's guilty ?
Oh , no .
Well , do you think he 's guilty ?
Well , some of them say , well , yes .
A few of them said yes .
Some more of them said yes .
Then a bunch of them said yes .
Then there were three or four that said no .
