The news has been so depressing I 'm thinking of going in to blogging full-time .
All the arrows are headed south .
Circulation is down , including at this paper .
Our advertising revenue is down , all of those department stores that used to advertise in the paper , make them fat ; half of them have gone out of business .
You can put ads on Craig List for free ; it is hard to compete with free .
But I still love ink on paper .
It is hard for me to accept , as great as the Internet is and as much as we all love surfing it , that there wo n't be some place for the old-fashioned newspaper .
You talked about craigslist and ads for free , but what about free papers ?
You know everyday when you get on the subway , there are at least two guys trying to hand you a free paper .
Is that a trend we 're going to see more of in the future ?
The short answer is , yes .
The " Washington Post " for example the free commuter tabloid has gone up in circulation from 125,000 to 200,000 .
While circulation for the normal paper , the paper you have to pay 35 cents for is down .
But the problem is , that that 's a short truncated thing filled with very short stories and what 's good about newspapers ?
Why should we worry about saving them ?
Because they do reporting .
They gather facts .
They give texture and context and history and all of that , they offer , too often , indulge I think is part of our problem , but I do n't think that , you know it 's hard to read a long story on a computer screen .
Your eyes glaze over after a while .
Howard it is Ali , good to see you again .
You know Stephanie was talking about going the way of the record players .
You know these record players are back for the high-end , the audio files who feel like digital music is too compressed and they really need to hear it the original way .
About four people have high-end record players .
You talk about going to blogging , you have blogging , you have Podcast , and you got breaking news alerts .
Nobody goes to the newspapers for classified or for stock prices anymore .
What is it ?
Is it the analysis ?
Why should people read papers , in other words ?
Yes .
For one thing , take it on the subway and even in to the bathroom .
Take care of ; take your iPod and the bathroom , too .
I guess that 's you .
Newspaper companies are finally belatedly waking up to the fact that they have to go digital , that they have to have good websites , and pod casts all that .
One of the reasons I 'm blogging .
But at the same time , one of the reasons that circulation is going down , we 're giving it away for free .
Anything you read in the " Washington Post " or the " New York Times " you can go online and see it there .
Here 's the thing .
When you go online I feel like I do n't get the full diet .
I feel like I just get the ice cream and the cookies .
