My pleasure .
Thank you .
Coming up on OPEN HOUSE , we 're going in the basement .
It 's time to stop those floods once and for all .
Angie Hicks from Angie 's List will be here .
And calling out all liars .
We 're going to help you sort out the lies from the truth in the buying and selling of your home .
But first , your mortgage numbers .
OK .
Let 's talk about your basement .
It 's where people keep clothes for the next season , stuff they ca n't bear to throw away -- you know , things like that .
And when a major storm hits , the water reaches the basement , and the damage can cost you thousands , or at the very least you stay up all night pumping the water out .
We want to know the good , the bad , the ugly of basement waterproofing to make sure your home is ready for whatever comes your way .
Angie Hicks is the founder of Angie 's List .
Good to see you again , Angie .
Thank you .
So , the holy grail of every homeowner , a dry basement .
How do you get one ?
Well , first , you want to make sure you 're do a lot of preventative measures .
A lot of times water in the basement could be very -- a very simple problem , gutters that are n't installed properly , downspouts that do n't reach out far enough , or even the grading around your house that starts to settle in towards your house -- you 're making a nice path for water to creep down in there in the basement .
So check those kinds of items first and make sure that 's not a problem before you do actually get those heavy storms .
I was once shown a house that has an actual spring in the basement .
It was built on rock , and the realtor said , " You know , this is just the way it is . "
I mean , do you have to worry about every home having some kind of water in it ?
Well , you need to check , and you should -- you know , that 's one of the things you 're asking potential -- asking the sellers about houses , is to find out if they 've had problems with water in the base many .
Also , if there 's a sump pump installed .
I mean , a sump pump...
But you know ...
... actually going to be a great preventative measure to make sure .
But you know they have problems if you look at a house and it has a sump pump .
No, a lot of houses , a lot of newer houses , even , already have them installed .
The builder is putting them in automatically , because naturally the water wants to come into that hole .
So you want to make sure that you 're prepared .
And if you have a sump pump , make sure it 's got a backup generator , too , because a lot of times when the storm comes in , the electricity goes out .
So you want a battery backup on that sump pump .
WILLI
OK .
So the sump pump , number one thing to get if you do have a water problem .
