And I say we have to refocus the government to help the middle class .
The average middle class person is not doing terribly , but for the first time in a long time ...
Struggling .
... they 're worried about their future and , more importantly , their kids ' future .
We compete against jobs in China and India .
Our schools are n't as good as she they should be .
Our healthcare is n't as good .
Democrats are going to propose meat and potato things that I outline in the book that appeal to the middle class .
So people would say it will end as we began , which is , depending on what happens with the war , though , is going to be how the votes go .
The war -- let me tell you , this last vote , a CNN poll , I think , " USA Today , " 51 percent supported what the Democrats did , 19 percent supported the Republicans .
They want us to keep at it .
It does n't matter the specifics of the resolution , because we ca n't win any of those when the president has a veto power , 67 votes , but if we keep pressuring and debating -- the old congresses under Republicans did n't even debate this issue .
Now we 're forcing the president to explain himself , to re - examine .
He will have to change because his policy is a failure .
And we 're going to keep at it .
We 'll see if that works .
Senator Chuck Schumer , nice to see you , as always .
Nice to see you .
Good morning .
Thanks coming in and talking with us .
Appreciate it .
A pleasure .
John .
Thanks , Soledad .
We 're " Minding Your Business " coming up .
Why NASCAR is a winner , and not just for drivers and their fans .
Carmakers also stand to gain .
We 'll explain .
And when words collide .
How Beijing is trying to clean up its Chinglish ahead on AMERICAN MORNING.
An exciting finish to the Daytona 500 , but it 's not just a sport .
It 's big business for the automakers .
It 's 25 minutes after the hour .
Stephanie Elam here " Minding Your Business " this morning .
Good morning , Stephanie .
Good morning .
Who thinks about the business angle of these things ?
I do n't think many people do .
Oh , it 's huge .
But it really is a big one .
For people who enjoy it , it 's really more about the fun .
But let 's take a look at some of the things that happened at the Daytona 500 .
It was the closest finish on record .
It was very close , actually .
Kevin Harvick won by two-one-hundredths of a second , beating out over Mark Martin .
Harvick dives a Chevy , but there were actually several automakers who were in focus at Daytona .
Let 's take a look at that .
Starting off with Ford .
Ford actually had nine cars in the race , and they say their total NASCAR spending is about $ 100 million .
The company lost nearly $ 13 billion in 2006 , so you might wonder , is this really a good idea for them to be involved in that ?
But they say they do n't stop their marketing efforts despite the fact that they have all those losses .
You still have to do that in hard times .
