Right .
Time now for some of your thoughts .
Barb in Washington said , " Lou , I propose that we allow no more than a 10-month period for campaigning for president .
Less for Congress .
No wonder so few people vote by the time Election Day is here .
We 're so sick of it all , we do n't want to have anything to do with it . "
And Gerald in Texas said , " Just in case Congress is listening during their week of vacation , if you did n't get the message last November , the 2008 elections are coming up .
I believe the message will again be loud and clear .
The American people are fed up with the tactics of our president , his cabinet and this do-nothing Congress . "
Paul in Arizona : " Lou , would n't it be great if there was a third political party in the country that believed in America first , one that took care of America 's needs before trying to subsidize the world ?
I 'm tired of paying taxes so our elitist government officials can take care of everyone but Americans . "
Send us your thoughts to loudobbs.com .
More of your thoughts coming up here later .
Each of you whose e-mail is read here receives a copy my book , " War on the Middle Class " .
Up next , I 'll be going into some discussion , frank and full I assure you , with the head of an advocacy group insisting there 's no such thing as a war on our middle class .
Really ?
I 'll tell him he 's flat wrong .
Also , rising outrage against U.S. banks providing credit cards and other financial service to illegal aliens .
You know they say they 're living up to the letter of the law .
They would n't want to , of course , retire to a higher standard of the spirit of the law .
We 'll have that report for you .
Underaged drinking , a national crisis .
The number of our children who are drinking alcohol is incredible .
That coming up in " The War Within" .
And the Catholic Church just cannot resist temptation , even during Lent , the temptation to get itself involved in secular politics and our illegal immigration crisis and border security gaps .
All of that and more , including a few words form the good Cardinal Roger Mahoney .
Stay with us .
There 's growing consumer outrage tonight over Bank of America 's decision to give credit cards to illegal aliens .
Bank of America is now the target of an organized boycott .
And thousands of its customers are pulling money from Bank of America and other banks that cater to illegal aliens .
Casey Wian has our story .
Bank of America chairman Kenneth Lewis says he knows many customers are outraged by his company 's pilot program offering credit cards to illegal aliens .
But in a " Wall Street Journal " commentary , Lewis writes , " After a week of listening to our customers , we have made a decision .
We will continue our card marketing pilot program in the Los Angeles market .
We know some will find this unacceptable . "
Clearly .
For example , the political action committee Americans For Legal Immigration has launched a boycott of Bank of America .
