She says it 's her right , as a American and a Muslim , to swear on a Koran in court .
If you were going to court , and you 're Christian , and the judge says , put your hand on the Koran so you can take an oath , what would you do ?
He says state law mandates that only one holy book be allowed in the courtroom , the Bible .
The statute that requires the oath to be taken on the Bible was drafted in 1777 .
Is it religious discrimination ?
This country was founded on freedom of religion .
And that 's freedom of all religions .
Or is it an attack against Christianity ?
STEVE NOBLE , CHAIRMAN , CALLED2ACTIO
This is just part of a larger war on Christianity as a whole , whether it be in the schools , in the courthouses , in the media , in the shopping centers .
Syidah Mateen landed head first in this major controversy unintentionally .
In court as a witness in a domestic violence dispute , she was asked to take an oath on a Bible .
She asked for a Koran .
I actually thought they had them .
So , it was just an innocent question .
But the court did n't have any .
So , she went to her mosque and raised money to donate some .
That donation was rejected .
And , today , the Korans sit , unused on a shelf .
We did purchase a case .
North Carolina is one of just seven states that still uses a Bible in court .
State law says , one way a person can be sworn in is to -- quote -- "lay his hand upon the holy scriptures . "
Two senior judges in Guilford County decided that "holy scriptures " meant the Bible .
It has been the practice to use a Bible throughout the history of this state .
AREN
But , if you 're Muslim or Jewish or any religion other than Christian , the words "holy scriptures " wo n't mean the Bible to you .
And , so , the ACLU and Syidah Mateen are suing , arguing this violates separation of church and state .
The government can neither favor any particular set of religious values , nor can the government discriminate against other religions or people of different faiths .
The controversy prompted state senators to recently introduce a bill to allow the Koran and other sacred texts in court .
All of that ups the stakes for people on both sides of this issue .
And neither seems willing to back down .
It 's just what would be right , what would be right and what would be fair .
Kelli Arena , CNN, Greensboro , North Carolina .
So , when witnesses swear to tell the truth , should they use the Bible , and nothing but the Bible ?
I 'm going to ask our panel about that next .
And a little bit later on : What kind of parent would lock a child in a cage ?
A sentence handed down today in Ohio brings a controversial therapy -- yes , that 's right , folks , they call it therapy -- out in the open .
And remember to join the conversation on any of the stories we 're bringing " Out in the Open " tonight .
Please send us an e-mail to now@cnn.com .
Our panelists will read some of them in just a little bit .
They are hard at work , as you can see .
