Now , listen , and I mean this sincerely .
There was that guy that won all that Monday in West Virginia , and he lost it because he kept going to strip clubs and people would steal it out of his car .
When you go to strip clubs , do n` t take the money with you .
A piece of advice .
I`ll remember that .
Thanks , Peggie .
We`ll be back in a second with " The Real Story " next .
Airline food , missing house keys , dishwashers that kill .
These are just a few of the fascinating topics tackled by Glenn in this week` s utterly riveted podcast .
Check it out by going to CNN.com/podcasts or iTunes .
Then download Glenn` s podcast , " Sick , Twisted Freak" .
All right .
Welcome to " The Real Story . "
Now , when you think about peace , love , and most importantly delicious chocolate , you think , of course , of Switzerland .
Now the country that made the extremely hard decision to stand for neutrality in both world wars is at it again , this time as the setting for a possible breakthrough on the Iranian nuclear program .
This weekend , the head of the International Atomic Energy Agency was there and made a proposal for all sides to take a timeout .
Thank goodness for the U.N.
I mean , who else would be bold and creative enough to propose solving a deeply complex nuclear crisis by essentially taking a deep breath ?
After all , if there` s one thing that you want to give someone who` s urgently trying to obtain a nuke , it` s more time .
Anyway , the head of the IAEA said that , if Iran will agree to suspend their -- I` m trying to say this with a straight face -- their uranium enrichment program , then the U.N. will delay imposing additional sanctions on them , which should have been should have gone into effect as early as February .
No, no , not so much .
Iran` s nuclear negotiator , whose job it is to master the ability to say the word "no " in 37 different languages , actually said this weekend , " Sure , we`ll think about that . "
Look , they want peace .
We`ve got to stop isolating them .
The real story is , if Iran accepts this idea , it` s because they`re selfish , not because they have any real intention of helping bring peace to the Middle East .
And I say that for a couple of reasons .
First , Russia .
I` m sure it` s just a coincidence that Iran said they`re willing to consider the timeout idea on the same day that Russia` s national security adviser met with Iran` s President Tom and , in what is extraordinarily rare -- and I think extraordinarily spooky and dangerous -- they also met with Iran` s supreme leader , Ayatollah Khamenei .
That almost never happens .
So what is it those two crazy cats talked about ?
Nobody knows .
There` s no Iranian version of Helen Thomas to harass them and ask them about it .
But my guess is , it was probably about Russia` s enriching uranium for Iran on Russian soil .
Great .
That` s great .
Did n` t we just find , you know , some of Russia` s old weapons-grade uranium for sale on the black market ?
Let` s make sure Russia is the international steward for Iran` s nuclear power , as well .
