That was three years ago .
Today they 're celebrating Christmas in this small rental house after a terrible ordeal .
A year after buying their home , the troubles started .
We had a minivan , and he had a Grand Am , and the cars were just constantly breaking down .
And we had to keep paying to have those fixed , which in turn made our credit card bills go up .
And we decided to file Chapter 7 bankruptcy to get rid of the debt that was just weighing down on us .
They thought ...
It 's one thing to get a home equitiy loan to actually make improvements to your house , but many folks are using their houses as piggy banks , paying for expensive cars , luxury vacations , even second homes .
Now that means less equity in the home , more debt , and much higher monthly payments .
Here is CNN 's Thelma Gutierrez .
Christmas season at the Basore home .
It was supposed to be a time of joy .
This is probably going to be our last Christmas here .
Mark and Mary Basore had planned to raise their son in this Sunland , California , home .
It represented their future .
We did the new floors , new carpet .
They bought the house four years ago .
In that short amount of time , their home more than doubled in value .
Things never looked better .
You guys were sitting on a mountain of equity .
I know .
Right ?
You had , what , $ 300,000 equity .
We were sitting on a mountain of equity .
And that 's where the dollar signs , you know , we could do it on our own .
They wanted to start a business .
So they did what a lot of people do , they took out a home equitiy loan .
The Basore 's pulled out everything , $ 300,000 .
Got free samples today .
And they opened a Juice It Up franchise in Valencia , California .
But the spending did n't stop there .
We decided let 's just buy a little $ 5,000 boat .
Taking friends out to dinner , you know on a Saturday night or something .
Just because we have all the money in the bank .
This is my 34-foot RV that I love .
And they remodeled their house .
But their new business was slow to start .
And money was n't coming in .
We refinanced and took the cash out .
Came up short .
Refinanced again to get some more money out and then after that money , we came up short , too .
So they took out loans on their vehicles which had already been paid off and they racked up more credit card debt .
What is the pressure like when you have all these mounting bills ?
I just -- I just do n't want to look at them .
They 're not going to go away .
Now they 're dangerously close to foreclosure .
Their only choice , to sell their home in a California market that 's cooling down .
This is my ad on Craig 's List begging people to come look at my open house .
You used the word begging .
Begging .
Literally .
In capital letters , owners are desperate , must sell .
Was it hard when you put up that for sale sign ?
