I ca n't say that either .
Now , what do you make of all this ?
You just heard what our first guest said .
She was very tough on your brother .
She was .
She was really tough on my brother .
What do you make of it ?
I happen to know very different , though .
Tell us .
Well , first of all , I have been very close with my brother since he was young and I met Anna in about 1998 .
And I was very close to Anna for several years .
I 've been on her reality TV show .
I was around her almost every day for a couple of years .
And I never met that person .
You never met the guest ?
Never met her .
And I find that really hard to believe that she was her best friend .
I was around Anna for two years every day and never met this woman .
Did she ever talk about her to you ?
Nope .
Never heard the name at all .
Did Howard ever mention her ?
Nope .
So what do you think is going on ?
I think that there are some people that are getting together , that are trying to create a kind of conspiracy that basically is portraying Howard to be the bad guy or the controller of the situation .
And that 's not the case .
Howard was not a controller of Anna Nicole ?
Anna Nicole controlled what Anna Nicole did .
He did not feed her pills .
He did not get her medication .
Anna Nicole got her own medication and she did what she wanted to do .
Did he love her ?
He was totally in love with her .
She was his world .
You believe he 's the father of the child ?
I do .
OK .
Why , then -- and this is what most people would say -- do the DNA .
Get it over with .
Show the world and get on with your life and raise the baby .
Why give Larry Birkhead what he wants ?
What have you got -- what are you afraid of ?
You 're the father .
What do you care ?
I do n't know .
Because I would -- I would tell you the truth ...
Well , she did n't want to...
I would n't care .
She did n't want to do the DNA either .
Why ?
Because she just did n't want to .
She just did n't want to give Larry what he wanted .
But you realize , you 're smart , Bonnie , that that explanation do n't ring well .
I know , but that 's just what they wanted .
It was n't -- it 's not what I , you know , suggested that they do .
Well , would n't you say to your brother , Howard , you 're the father , do the DNA ?
I did say that .
And he says no ?
He says I 'm not doing it for Larry Birkhead .
If I have to do , I 'll do it , but I 'm not doing it for him .
Well , it would n't be for Larry .
In fact , it would make Larry Birkhead go away .
You 're the father , goodbye Larry .
I do n't know .
It would seem ...
You ca n't convince somebody who does n't want to be convinced , right ?
