Let me get around to it .
So , Miguel , what do you -- if...
Look , look , look , look , look ...
If this is not about illegal immigration ...
... this is about you and I , Paula...
... and the hatred of people who are here illegally ...
Paula , you and I can go to Cancun on vacation , come back with a few pesos .
Thank you .
Thank you .
... have some -- these pesos that we ca n't do anything with in our drawer .
And now we have an opportunity to go buy a pizza with it .
How does that tie in with illegal immigration ?
I agree with that .
There 's -- there 's people using -- Americans using dollars all over Latin America .
All over the world .
You 're missing the point .
All over the world .
And nobody gets offended .
You 're missing the point .
Now , all of sudden , this -- this is about xenophobia .
This is about a wave of xenophobia sweeping this country , people trying to tie this peso issue with illegal immigrants .
It has nothing to do with illegal immigrants .
What is the harm of spending your pesos ...
There is no harm .
... at Pizza Patron ?
Paula , there is no harm .
I think it 's a great idea .
It 's a great marketing thing .
I would do the exact same thing .
But that is not why these people are outraged .
I think this is about the larger immigration debate .
You have millions of Americans out there who are upset at their government for not doing anything to control illegal immigration .
And they see this .
They look -- they look at people coming from Latin America .
Whether you agree or not , I 'm telling you what I think Americans feel .
They see -- they see America changing .
They see a nation that is in danger .
They see people who hold up signs that say , " Hey , we did n't cross the border ; the border crossed over us , " which insinuates that the whole Southwest of the United States belongs to Latin America .
Paranoid .
And they 're scared .
They see ...
Paula...
They -- this is what the real issue is about .
I 'm not telling you -- I agree with you .
But I think that 's what Americans feel .
Good .
All right .
How -- how do you ...
How do you separate all of the heat over illegal immigration from this story , where people are outraged that -- that this guy would accept pesos in the first place ?
They 're saying : This is America .
We use dollars here .
Well , first of all , you separate it by separating the ignorant from those who are educated .
What you 're dealing with are people , frankly , who probably have never traveled across the world , who likely do n't have passports , who do not understand that we live in an international economy .
And , so , what they do is , they have this American first .
Now , I wonder how many of these same people are outraged at the number of banks and Western Union that reaps significant amount of money from folks who wire money from this country to those same countries .
They 're not offended by that .
