As to two-year-olds , maybe they race two-year-olds too much .
And it 's been argued that three-year-olds might be put to racing too early .
You agree , Bo ?
Yes , that 's always been in discussion and I 'm sure it will continue .
What about her argument that these are cash cows ?
I would like -- do you know many people who have actually made money if you own racehorses ?
I think what you said , that every spectator , you will have kings and you will have peasants .
And they can switch during a horse race .
It was a very nice phrase that you used .
But I think that it 's a passion .
People love horses .
There 's nothing like it .
Barbaro is evidence of that .
And as far as the thoroughbred racing industry , they 're the formal supporters , and the Jackson family , of stopping slaughter and supporting rescues and ...
Jack , you were saying the animals were treated well , Jack .
As a zoo director , you would see that the thoroughbred animal is treated well ?
Larry , all of the places I 've ever been , they 're treated like royalty , as I said .
Plus , Larry , you know , we have football .
We have car racing .
We have all sort of things where even human beings are involved .
I do n't how many horses -- you know I read statistics where these animals have died years ago .
But I do n't think we have those numbers dying today , especially the way these horses are cared for .
As far as drugs , my understanding is these horses are checked even better than human beings , ball players are , before and after a game .
So it 's hard to believe that those kinds of drugs , as she says , are used in today 's racing field .
Again , I do n't get to watch that much horse racing .
But what I 've seen at the farms is phenomenal .
I 've seen horses , Larry , that have been out of the wild because they have to take them out of the wild every once in a while .
And they do auction some of these horses off , not for the horse meat trade , but , as Bo knows , for individual owners that want to have a wild horse .
And some of the injuries these horses have are phenomenal , as well .
And I sit there and watch these horses when they did -- the horses had no way of seeing me .
I was up on a mountain watching them .
And they just sat there and ran and played and ran their hearts out all day long .
So I do n't think it 's abnormal for a horse to run .
If I can interject something ...
Go ahead , Lisa .
If I can interject something , here , too .
I think Bo brings up a really good point .
We heard about Barbaro and we saw his injuries and we heard about his tragic story because he was a winner .
But there are a lot of animals out there , there are a lot of horses out there .
In most cases when they sustain an injury like that on the track , they 're euthanized on the spot .
Anywhere from 700 to 1,000 racing horses are euthanized every year due to these kinds of industries .
