Well , Soledad , here we are .
New Year 's , you know , people do some pretty crazy things for the New Year , not just at the parties , but if you look at some of those laws - well , a few of them are pretty wacky .
Pistol-packing judges could become the norm in Kansas .
A new state law permits judges to carry concealed weapons into their courtrooms .
I would have no problem with that .
I would have no problem with that .
I do n't like that .
You would n't trust a judge ...
No.
... to be a good shot ?
No.
No, I would n't trust anybody with a gun .
No.
California is cracking down on pranksters .
It 's now illegal to ride in the trunk of a car .
Dead or alive .
Some live-wire teens apparently have been doing it .
Now it 'll cost them $ 100 if caught .
And anyone taking more than 25 copies of a complementary newspaper in California would be subject to a $ 250 fine and jail time for a second offense .
It 's no longer a legal offense to take home a half-empty bottle of wine from a restaurant in Illinois .
Patrons now get to drink every drop they paid for - perfect for New Year 's Eve .
2007 rings in new rights for animals .
In California , it 's now illegal to keep a dog tethered for more than three hours .
If convicted of a misdemeanor , the offender could be jailed for up to six months .
A person could actually be sent to prison for that .
Good .
I 'm an animal lover , you know .
Pet owners can now show their love under a new law in Ohio by setting up a trust fund for their pooch .
In Ohio , you 're going to be allowed to set up a trust fund for your pet .
Would you ?
Sure .
Why not ?
You already have one .
Talk to my kids .
Everybody likes dogs .
Yes .
Wait a minute .
You 're losing your trust fund to your dogs .
I know .
That 's ( ph ) not ( ph ) good ( ph ) .
Would you believe that there are more than two dozen states now that have such a law permitting someone to set up a trust fund for their pet .
Some very wealthy pets out there for 2007 - Soledad .
Hey , you know what ?
Why not .
Some people think their pets are more loyal than their children , and the pets deserve the money .
I do n't have a pet , so what do I know .
All right .
Allan Chernoff for us this morning .
Thanks , Allan .
And we have a fresh look at what some Americans are thinking on this New Year 's Day .
There 's a new poll from the Associated Press and AOL News .
Sixty percent of people surveyed think the U.S. is going to be hit by a terrorist attack in 2007 .
Sixty percent think a biological or nuclear weapon will be unleashed somewhere else in the world .
Seventy percent think a major natural disaster is going to hit the U.S.
Only 29 percent think the U.S. is going to withdraw from Iraq this year , and 40 percent think the situation in Iraq will get worse in 2007 .
