Also ahead , can Congress support the troops and oppose the war ?
We 'll talk to two outspoken members of the U.S. House of Representatives , Democrat Maxine Waters and Republican Mike Pence .
And for our North American viewers , John Roberts interviews Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton on " This Week at War . " That 's following " Late Edition " at 1 p.m. Eastern .
We 'll be right back .
There 's much more ahead on " Late Edition , " including some sharp words for Vice President Dick Cheney from someone who knows the job .
More of my exclusive interview with Walter Mondale and Jimmy Carter .
And I 'll also speak with two members of Congress with different perspectives , Maxine Waters and Mike Pence .
We 'll be right back .
This is " Late Edition , " the last word in Sunday talk .
The American people have spoken loudly and clearly .
In the recent election , they basically said "bring our troops home . "
I want to take a moment to commend the president , our commander in chief for deciding not to fail in Iraq .
The new Congress fights over the president 's plan for Iraq .
REP.
STENY H. HOYER , D-MD. : In the last two weeks , we 've seen what a do-something , do-good Congress can do .
And the House passes major legislation .
But will Democrats use their majority to stop more troops from going to Iraq ?
And what can Republicans do to stop the revolt in their own party ?
We 'll ask two key members of the house , Republican Mike Pence and Democrat Maxine Waters .
And 30 years after they took office , former president Jimmy Carter and former vice president Walter Mondale look back at their time in power and take aim at the current president .
What advice do you have for the president , right now , as he goes into his final two years in office ?
Well , obviously I ca n't change the character of the president .
And Dick Cheney .
The current vice president seems to have stepped across a line that we thought was important in our time .
Carter and Mondale speak out on the administration , Congress , Iraq , and Carter 's controversial new book , " Palestine Peace Not Apartheid . "
Live from CNN in Washington , this is " Late Edition with Wolf Blitzer . "
Welcome back .
We 'll get to more of my interview with Jimmy Carter and Walter Mondale , as well as with Democratic congresswoman Maxine Waters and Republican Congressman Mike Pence .
That 's all coming up .
First , though , let 's go to CNN 's Fredricka Whitfield for a check of what 's in the news right now .
All right , Fred .
Thanks very much .
As debate intensifies here at home over sending more U.S. troops to Iraq , there are grim reminders of that dangerous duty over there .
Let 's go to our Baghdad correspondent , Arwa Damon .
She 's standing by with more on what 's happening today .
Arwa ?
Wolf , a grim reminder : on Saturday , 24 U.S. servicemen were killed in Iraq on that day alone , the deadliest incident , a helicopter crash Northeast of the capital of Baghdad .
All personnel on board that helicopter died in the incident , 12 of them .
Eight of them were passengers .
Four of them were crew members .
