I 'm Miles O'Brien .
Thanks for being with us .
Here 's a look at what 's happening this morning .
In Texas this morning , a raging debate over a controversial vaccine .
The vaccine protects women from a sexually transmitted disease that can cause cervical cancer .
Now , Texas governor Rick Perry has ordered all schoolgirls entering the sixth grade to receive it , and some parents say the only cure for this disease is abstinence .
AMERICAN MORNING 'S Alina Cho has been following this story for us .
Good morning , Alina .
Good morning to you , Miles .
Not everyone is happy about it , as you might imagine , especially parents and conservative groups .
But first I want to tell you what happened in Texas over the weekend .
Governor Rick Perry essentially bypassed the state legislature on Friday .
He signed an executive order effective September , 2008 .
It would require all 11 and 12-year-old girls entering the sixth grade to be vaccinated against the human papillomavirus .
You 've heard about this , commonly known as HPV.
Now , HPV is the sexually transmitted virus that causes cervical cancer , which happens to be the second most common form of cancer among women .
The vaccine is called Gardasil .
It 's made by Merck .
The FDA approved it back in June and a government panel found that girls should get the vaccine while they 're young , before they 're sexually active .
It 's a cancer vaccine , and it 's very important to protect girls ' lives .
I mean , if we 've got in that in our arsenal , why would n't we want to protect our daughters ?
This is a decision that needs to be made between parents and the child 's doctor .
It 's not something that one man , the governor of our state , should be making as a decision for all the girls in our state .
Now , those opposed to the mandatory vaccine say children should n't be vaccinated at that age .
They should be educated , meaning they should be taught that abstinence is the only solution .
Then , of course , there 's the question of whether politics played a role .
Now , I mentioned that Governor Perry signed an executive order , bypassing the legislature .
Well , it just so happens that Perry 's former chief of staff is now a lobbyist for Merck , which makes the vaccine Gardasil .
The company downplayed the company 's role , and Perry calls this responsible public health policy .
Now , we first brought you this story about a month ago , and more than a dozen other states and the District of Columbia are considering similar measures .
As I first reported , South Dakota has a voluntary program in place , Miles , but you can bet there will be a raging debate , as you mentioned , across the country as these other states debate these similar ...
I should say .
Now , he sort of bypassed things , did things quickly .
And then it does n't go into effect until September of '08 .
That 's right .
The whole idea is to make this vaccine more available .
It 's expensive .
It 's $ 360 for three shots over six months .
The governor says the state will kick in $ 29 million , the federal government $ 21 million .
So you 're looking at $ 50 million in the state of Texas to vaccinate those children who might not otherwise have the insurance to cover it , who might be underinsured , or who otherwise ca n't pay for it .
