Some parents and librarians say an award-winning children 's book should be pulled off the shelf , all because of one word .
Out in the open , the author explains why she used it .
Later : backyard animal sacrifice .
Just how far does freedom of religion go ?
Out in the open tonight : Public libraries and school libraries all over the country banning an award-winning children 's book .
" The Higher Power of Lucky " is the story of a 10-year-old orphan named Lucky who lives in a California desert town -- nothing controversial in that , except for one little word on the first page of the book .
Lucky overhears a conversation about a rattlesnake that bites a dog on the scrotum .
And that word has lit up debate among the librarians and school officials all over the U.S. about whether the target audience of 9- to 12-year-olds should be allowed to read the word "scrotum . "
The author , Susan Patron , who also happens to be a librarian , she joins me live now .
So , Susan , why use the word ?
SUSAN PATRON , AUTHOR , " THE HIGHER POWER OF LUCKY" : Hi , Kyra .
Well , it 's a body part .
It 's a part on a dog .
And that is where the rattlesnake bit the dog .
If you think about it , every since we were kids , our parents have always used slang expressions for privates .
There I go again -- private body parts .
( LAUGHTER )
I ca n't even say the word .
Why is that ?
Why is it so taboo ?
There -- there seems to be a fear of naming body parts .
But kids , I think , are wired , hardwired , to be curious and to find out .
And they 're going to find out .
So , if it 's used responsibly , and if people explain what it means , I think it 's a nonissue .
Let me read to you some reader response from an article posted on " Publishers Weekly " about your book .
" Discussion of genitalia in a book intended for 9- or 10-year-old children is obviously the product of a sick mind " -- pretty harsh words from Ari out Los Angeles .
What do you think about those types of comments ?
Well , I think it shows that person is afraid , is fearful of -- of talking openly with children about -- you know , half the population have scrotums .
And it 's -- it betrays their own discomfort with the word .
Should children be able to read whatever books they want , regardless of the language ?
I think that libraries should make books available to children , and that parents should be very aware of what their kids are reading .
Parents should read books first , if they 're concerned , which is a good thing to be .
And parent -- and children should have access , especially to major award-winning books .
This book received the highest award for children 's literature .
Are you surprised that -- that this is happening ?
Do you think it 's just because you won the award ?
I think yes .
There are many , many words in children 's books that might surprise people , and have been for many years , including other Newbery books .
I think it comes up because it 's on the first page .
