Happening this morning , an arctic blast is sweeping across the eastern part of the country today .
It 's making for some of the coldest temperatures of the season .
Some areas could see highs only in the single digits .
Wind chills are well below zero .
In Brussels right now , Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice is meeting with officials from NATO , pledging more troops and money for Afghanistan .
Also asking for the same from U.S. allies .
President Bush is sitting down with his top military advisers in just a few hours , including Defense Secretary Robert Gates .
The meeting comes as senators on both sides of the aisle worked on resolutions opposing the president 's plan to send more troops into Iraq .
A developing story out of Pakistan this morning .
Within the past hour , a bomb blast has been reported outside the Marriott hotel in Islamabad .
Wire reports say a suicide bomber killed himself and a security guard , blowing the bomb up in the parking lot near the hotel laundry .
We mentioned this to you just a little while ago .
U.S. homeland security chief Michael Chertoff , he 's in Germany this morning .
He 's there to talk with some other world leaders about the global war on terror .
CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen is live for us .
He 's following the conference in Berlin .
What are we going to expect to see out there today , Frederik ?
Well , Rick , you 're absolutely right , what Chertoff was saying is that Europe and the United States have to coordinate their efforts better to thwart international terrorist plotting .
Here 's what was going on at the press conference .
Fighting terrorism was the main issue when Homeland Secretary Michael Chertoff met German interior minister Wolfgang Schaeuble in Berlin .
Chertoff says Germany is making inroads at combating violent Islamists .
The threat of terrorism remains very real and touches all of us , and can potentially have catastrophic consequences .
So we need to work together to make sure that we have a synchronized and coordinate our security measures in a way that increases security for all of our publics .
But that synchronization was not always happening .
Three of the four 9/11 terror pilots lived in Germany and operated from a terror cell in Hamburg .
The country was long known as a safe haven for terrorists , but Germany has since cracked down on violent Islamists .
New legislation lowered barriers for wire tapping and monitoring bank accounts .
And a new unified anti-terror center combines German police and Secret Service efforts to thwart terrorist plotting .
Plotting , interior minister Schaeuble says , is still going on in Germany , but has moved primarily to the Internet .
" We are working very closely with the U.S. to combine all of our resource , our expertise , even language skills , to win the race against those that want to use the Internet for terrorism . "
Now , Rick , what the German interior minister is saying is that he still believes that there is terror plotting going on in Germany , but he says that a lot of that has moved to the Internet .
He says that terror cell plotting that you were seeing before , before the 9/11 attacks , has pretty much died down due to a lot of increase in law enforcement here , but he said that they 've moved to chat rooms and are now plotting attacks and jihadism from there -- Rick .
