Please stay with us .
We will be right back .
Our next story pushes the bounds of medical ethics out into the open tonight .
It 's about a young girl whose parents gave her drugs and insisted on a rare form of surgery to intentionally stunt her growth by removing her uterus and breast tissue .
Some call it Peter Pan surgery , because it means she will never become an adult physically .
Her parents say it 's for her own good , but others consider it mutilation .
And that is raising a very important ethical controversy .
Medical correspondent Elizabeth Cohen has more on the girl her parents call their pillow angel .
This little girl is setting off a worldwide debate about intentionally and permanently stunting a child 's growth .
Ashley had a normal birth , but her parents soon realized something was terribly wrong .
She 's never learned how to walk , talk , or even sit up by herself .
She has a severe brain impairment no one can fully explain .
Ashley ca n't keep her head up or change her sleeping position , or even hold a toy .
In fact , unless her parents move her , Ashley usually stays in one place , on a pillow , which is why they call her their pillow angel .
Now 9 years old , Ashley 's doctors say , nothing will change .
Her cognitive function was the equivalent of that of an infant , and always will be .
So , when you see Ashley , it 's like seeing a baby in -- in a much larger baby .
Ashley spends her day lying down .
Her parents carry her around and play music .
They say Andrea Bocelli is her favorite .
But they always worried , what would happen when her body got even larger ?
That 's when Ashley 's parents made the radical decision to keep her small forever .
Her parents want to remain anonymous , but they have told their story on their Web site : " Ashley will be a lot more physically comfortable free of menstrual cramps , free of the discomfort associated with large and fully-developed breasts , and with a smaller and lighter body that is better suited to constant lying down and is easier to be moved around . "
So , three years ago , Ashley 's parents gave her estrogen therapy with a patch to stunt her growth .
And surgeons removed her uterus and removed her breast buds .
The result , for the rest of her life , Ashley will be about 4 feet , 5 inches tall -- that 's about 13 inches than she would have been -- and weigh 75 pounds .
And she will never hit puberty , no monthly periods , no breasts .
Doctors expect her to have a normal lifespan .
Still , Ashley 's private challenges have become fodder for public debate .
Her parents say , recently , their Web site received nearly half-a-million hits in one day .
The reactions , mostly positive -- but , on CNN 's Web site , one person wrote , " I do n't think anyone has the right to play God . "
Another wrote : " I think it 's inhuman to do that to a kid .
It makes me sick to my stomach . "
But Seattle Children 's Hospital say they performed the procedure only after careful deliberations by an ethics panel .
