And on the other hand , having the police and having the national troops there in these three states , maybe 27,000 troops , sends a very strong message .
When you have 2,000 deaths a year linked to the level of violence , the very fact that the troops are there gives the population a sense of , you know , this is going to stop , or at least this is going to intimidate the drug traffickers .
So in a sense , it 's more than symbolic .
The troops are there .
It 's not just an announcement .
Is there a risk -- you 're the expert , I am not -- but from a distance , it seems like Mexico has never really had the involvement of its military in law enforcement or in its politics that other Latin American nations have had .
And maybe as a result , Mexico has n't had any coups .
Is it clearly a good idea to make the military this involved in the day-to-day life of the country ?
You make a very good point .
Mexico , unlike other Latin American countries , does not have a tradition of a strong military .
There are some fears that this may lead to that .
Felipe Calderon , the president of Mexico 's appearance a couple of weeks ago in military fatigues , made a lot of people pretty nervous in that respect .
But Mexico is so far away from that , there 's no real danger of that happening .
More than that , I would say , is a need by the president of Mexico , who as I said was elected by a very narrow margin , there is a need for him to assert himself as a strong leader .
So right now I would not say there is actually any danger of Mexico becoming militarized or becoming threatened by a military coup .
Well , reassure us on another risk , which his that the military ends up being corrupted the same way the police have been .
A lot of people have pointed at the risk of a Colombianization ( ph ) .
Remember , in Colombia , the attacks by the government against the drug cartels led to a cycle of violence which , in the end , made things worse .
But Mexico is a different case because unlike in Colombia , in Mexico you do n't have an alliance between the drug traffickers and the guerillas .
In Colombia , of course , you have the FARC guerillas , who are 70,000 members strong .
And that led to a very , very bloody cycle of violence .
In Mexico , you do n't have that alliance .
You have the drug cartels , and that 's it .
So the conventional wisdom is that something had to be done , that the government moved effectively for both real and political reasons , and that this , at least in the very short term , is going to force the drug traffickers to take a step back and it 's going to reassert a little bit of law and order in states that have been pretty lawless .
We take a break .
When we come back , the president has a whole lot of other problems too .
Stay with us .
