I would agree with that , yes .
... that admire them .
And I think that that 's important , too .
I mean , here , they have set them up .
I mean , these players did n't know they were ...
They did n't look totally comfortable even answering .
One of them was like , oh , oh .
You could tell he was kind of going , what are you doing ...
You could see his body language , yes .
Yes .
All right .
We have got a lot more to talk about tonight .
Please stay with us .
Still to come here : Just before last year 's election , a well known conservative minister stepped down in disgrace because of a scandal involving a male prostitute .
Now he says he is completely heterosexual , after just three weeks of counseling .
We 're going to look into that next .
Then , a little bit later on : The fight over illegal immigration gives new life to the Ku Klux Klan .
And a lot of people are alarmed by its growth .
We will be right back .
Out in the open tonight : whether counseling can cure someone of being homosexual ?
That question is key in our next story .
Do you remember the Reverend Ted Haggard ?
He led a 14,000-member church and was head of the National Association of Evangelicals , until last November .
Well , that 's when a male prostitute claimed they had , had a three-year sex-for-cash relationship .
Well , now we are hearing that Haggard , after just three weeks in rehab , is calling himself completely heterosexual .
Brian Todd brings us the latest tonight .
He at first denied knowing a former male prostitute .
But when recorded calls were made public , he admitted :
I did call him .
And what did you call him about ?
I called him to buy some meth , but I threw it away .
Then he denied the man 's allegations of a sexual affair , but said :
I went there for a massage .
And , later , he confessed to sexual immorality .
Now Reverend Ted Haggard says , Jesus is starting to put him back together .
In an e-mail to his former congregation obtained by CNN from the New Life Church , Haggard says -- quote -- " I have been paralyzed by shame , " and says he 's gotten three weeks of intensive psychological treatment in Arizona .
According to " The Denver Post , " Haggard has told a church panel responsible for his discipline that he is convinced he is completely heterosexual , and that his sexual contact with men was limited to his accuser .
A psychiatrist who has treated clergy , but not Haggard , believes that reported communication is a kind of code to Haggard 's followers .
By declaring that one is no longer in that behavior , to people of that faith , it 's like saying that they 're not homosexual anymore , because they believe homosexuality is just a behavior , and not an identity .
Last November , Haggard was fired from the 14,000-member New Life Church , and resigned as leader of the National Association of Evangelicals , after his dealings with the former prostitute were made public .
But that man 's credibility were also questioned when he failed a lie-detector test .
No charges have been filed against either man .
