Now Hugo Chavez , for his part , tends to be rather direct , does n't he ? ROMAN
Yes , he is .
Thank you , Christine .
Time now for some of your thoughts .
Dick in Idaho said , " Lou , why would anyone be surprised that Congressman Duncan Hunter beat Senator John McCain in Arizona ?
Arizona is crying out for help with their illegal alien problem .
And what has McCain done for them ?
He is pushing for a guest worker program and amnesty while the people of Arizona are paying millions to support the illegal aliens . "
Michael in Pennsylvania , " Lou , did you really expect this president to pardon the Border Patrol agents when he called the Minutemen 'vigilantes ' in front of President Vicente Fox ? "
Send us your thoughts to loudobbs.com .
We 'll have more of your thoughts coming up here later .
Each of you whose e-mail is read here receive a copy of my book " War on the Middle Class . "
Next , imprisoned Border Patrol agents Compean and Ramos .
T.J. Bonner , the president of the National Border Patrol Council , joins me .
And three more candidates have entered the race for the White House .
And the field , well , some think it 's already crowded .
We think it 's going to get a lot bigger .
We 'll have that report .
The president will report on the state of our union tomorrow , and there may be some changes in policy coming .
We 'll have that story .
And a freighter runs aground off southwest England .
Some of the ship 's cargo is washed ashore , and residents have been helping themselves .
And guess what ?
Because of events like this , science is actually learning something .
We 'll share that with you next .
Stay with us .
The race for the White House has become even more crowded .
Three more contenders announcing their interests over the weekend .
The latest polls may suggest why this field is expanding so rapidly .
Bill Schneider has our report .
This presidential race is beginning it look like " American Idol . "
Two more Democrats just got in .
A governor who can claim international experience .
I served this congressman , ambassador to the United Nations and as secretary of energy .
And a senator who can claim white house experience .
If you work hard and play by the rules , you can build a good life for yourself and your family .
She 's got the best political adviser money ca n't buy .
If you work hard and play by the rules you get rewarded .
Hillary Clinton dominates the Democratic field according to this CNN Opinion Research poll .
She 's followed by Barack Obama at 18 percent and John Edwards at 15 . After , that the last two Democratic nominees , neither of whom has declared an intention to run .
Obama 's the new guy on that list .
I 've been struck by how hungry we all are for a different kind of politics .
Clinton does especially well with Democratic women .
Forty-two percent from women .
Twenty-seven from men .
Obama is African American .
But Clinton leads him by nearly 2-1 among minority Democrats .
In the Republican race , two front-runners , Rudy Giuliani with 32 percent .
John mccain with 26 .
No one else in double digits .
Older Republicans prefer McCain , the Vietnam War hero .
Younger Republicans prefer Giuliani .
The hero of 9/11 .
