What do you make of this whole thing ?
You know , Larry , my opinion is this is a whole circus going on here .
I wish Anna would watch -- wherever she is -- first of all , I wish she would be still alive .
She 's been dearly missed .
And I think whoever is going to get the child , the judge will rule what 's in her best interest .
I think what 's best for the baby , that 's what I think .
You know , I see all this allegations about the little kid is going to be on a diet .
Anna just wanted to have a healthy baby .
She was obese once , you know .
That 's why she got healthy and she lost all this weight .
She trained .
You liked her as a person , right ?
She was of the nicest , kindest wonderful person .
You know , nobody talks about the good stuff .
I mean , she did so much for charity , for Make a Wish Foundation , for children , you know , who had one month to live , she took them to Disneyland .
She did so much for the gay rights , for AIDS Foundation , for animal rights .
I mean , nobody even mentioned anything .
Just to mention a few .
Cyrus , you were saying before we went on , that he can challenge the will , no matter what it says , right ?
Because he wants to raise the baby ?
Well , something to that effect .
No matter who...
It was her intent that whether he 's the father or not , that he have a hand in raising the -- and caring for the child .
That 's what she ... KIN
She said that to you ?
A lot of times we laid on the bed together , like when she was five months pregnant , and talked about it .
I would say , Anna , the little kid needs a father , right ?
No, I can raise her by myself .
I said , Anna , he needs a strong hand in the house here .
And she said -- she looked at me and said , what about you ?
I want you to make sure you 're here for ...
And you would be willing to do that ?
Definitely .
This is half of Anna , really .
You know , what you see .
And this say beautiful kid .
The reason Mr. Denk was around was because of -- obviously , she valued the personal training , his health , his attitude towards health .
He trained her consistently .
He was a symbol of protection .
And she wanted a father figure of that nature , at least his influence at the very least to raise her child .
What part in all of this do you play legally ?
Does he go into court ?
Do you wait to see the DNA ?
Or does he submit a DNA , what ?
Well , we 're going to wait and see what happens with the DNA testing .
It is what it is .
Supposing it tests and it 's not Howard and it 's not Larry and not the prince and not anyone we know .
Then what ?
He comes forward ?
That 's actually possible .
Of course .
It 's actually possible .
He 's going to come forward and he wants to care for the baby one way or the other because those were her wishes upon death .
