CNN has learned that U.S. and African intelligence services have been secretly cooperating for weeks tracking the men .
The U.S. began surveillance missions late last year and U.S. commandos have been on standby , ready to go into Somalia .
No one will say if they are already there .
The Islamic militia is gone from power and a fragile new government is in place in Mogadishu , but is there just a new power vacuum ?
Mogadishu is wracked with gun battles , explosions , and violence .
The warlords show little inclination to give up their weapons .
And Ayman al-Zawahiri , bin Laden 's deputy , is calling for Islamic fighters to regroup and start a new insurgency .
Even with al Qaeda on the run in Somalia , there is still great concern here that in East Africa there are functioning al Qaeda cells capable of planning and possibly launching new attacks .
Barbara Starr , CNN, Nairobi .
Of course , this is n't the first time the U.S. has used military force in Somalia .
Here is the raw data .
Approximately 1,500 personnel , including special operations forces , are assigned to the U.S. military task force based in Djibouti .
Before yesterday , the last acknowledged U.S. military action inside Somalia was back in 1994 , when U.S. peacekeepers pulled out after a disastrous mission over all .
That was in 1993 , when two Blackhawk helicopters were shot down by militia fighters in Mogadishu , killing 18 U.S. Special Forces .
Joining me now for some perspective , CNN Terrorism Analyst Peter Bergen and " TIME" Magazine Contributor Sam Dealey , who recently spent some time in Somalia .
Peter , first of all , what do we know about these men who were targeted , these suspected al Qaeda operatives ?
( UNINTELLIGIBLE ) Fazul , the guy that had the $ 5 million reward on his head , is somebody that I think was quite an important part of al Qaeda .
By all accounts , quite a sophisticated guy .
He speaks four languages , described as computer expert , played a prominent role in the U.S. embassy attacks in '98 , may well have played a role in the attack on an Israeli hotel in Mombasa in 2002 , and also an attempt to bring down an Israeli passenger jet with rocket-propelled grenade .
So , somebody who 's been -- somebody who the United States government has been interested in capturing since -- since '98.
And I think if indeed it is the case that he was killed in this attack , I think that 's quite significant for al Qaeda 's presence in East Africa .
Sam , I think a lot of Americans , last time they paid attention to Somalia was back in the mid 90s .
That was the last time I was there .
I spent a lot of time there .
It was basically anarchy back then .
All these different warlords competing .
When you were there , basically , the Islamists were in control of Mogadishu and they 'd actually restored order to some extent .
SAM DEALEY , " TIME" MAGAZINE CONTRIBUTO
That 's just it .
Before the Islamists took power earlier this past spring , Somalia and Mogadishu were pretty much the closest thing to hell on earth .
