There 's no denying he 's a clever kid .
He 's a genius .
That 's what we call him .
He 's a genius .
A genius who was also troubled , says his mother .
At only 9 , Semaj Booker has figured out how to steal cars and fly across the country without his own ticket .
He 's a 9-year-old kid that was able to go through security , everything and with no money , no ticket , no parent , no nothing .
Semaj 's journey began on Sunday , when for the third time in his life his mother says he stole a car that was left running outside a neighbor 's house near Tacoma , Washington .
The fourth grader , leading police on a high-speed chase .
His mom , who is raising four boys by herself , says Semaj needs a father figure .
It 's just been mom for the last nine years of his life .
He has uncles and -- but some are in prison and others are just -- they 're not worth being around him .
I do n't want anybody negative that is around my boys because I have four boys and I 'm trying to raise them into gentlemen , just good men .
She says Semaj has n't been happy since the family moved a few years ago from Dallas to Tacoma .
After the boy crashed the stolen car , police tried to take him to juvenile detention .
But the officers were told he 's too young , so they took him home instead .
The next morning Semaj turned up at the Seattle airport .
Not only that , he fooled Southwest Airlines into giving him a ticket .
The airline tells us he posed as someone else to get their boarding pass .
His mom says he simply chose a name at random .
BOOKE
They said what is your last name .
And he said Williams .
Whoever it was , the lady typed it in the computer and she said Frank Williams ?
And he said , yes .
Southwest says it 's investigating .
No word yet on what happened to the real Frank Williams .
In any case , getting through airport security proved easy .
You see , children do n't need photo I.D. , just a boarding pass , which Semaj had .
He first flew to Phoenix for a quick layover , then to San Antonio .
When he tried to get on a third flight to Dallas , where the boy still has family , Southwest was on to him and called airport police .
Semaj remains in San Antonio at a shelter for kids until authorities figure out what 's best for him .
He 's not crazy .
He 's just very smart and he has -- he thinks out the box .
He does n't just think in the box .
He thinks out of the box .
But that thinking has gotten him into trouble .
He 's charged with two felonies , car theft and eluding police .
But given his age , prosecutors say they 're unsure if they 'll actually go forward with the case .
Dan Simon , CNN, San Francisco .
Well , there is still one big mystery out there .
Exactly who is Frank Williams , and did he get to travel ?
That 's the name the young boy used to get on the plane .
