Well , I do a little of everything .
Yes .
And do you ever -- do you ever run into him in town ?
Do you have an actual turnip truck ?
No.
We just do a little farming there on the place .
Right .
And do you ever run into him ?
Or the Mrs...
Oh , I see him almost every day .
Do you really ?
I just saw him on the way over here .
Really ?
Yes .
And what was he doing ?
Turning in his driveway .
Right .
Did you wave ?
He did n` t see me .
Are you hiding in the bushes ?
No.
I was sitting on the side of the road .
And he did n` t see you ?
I guess he just did n` t notice me .
You mean he did n` t look at you .
No.
That` s probably the difference between not looking at you and not seeing you .
But I was sitting near my sign .
Right .
That` s probably -- I do n` t think he probably looks in that direction anymore ?
I do n` t think so either .
Quite honestly .
All right , best of luck to you , sir .
Thank you so much for talking to us .
All right .
All right .
Bye-bye .
Coming up next , " The Real Story " on why the minimum wage hikes actually are costing hard-working people their jobs .
We did n` t fall off the turnip truck .
We know .
Stick around .
" Real Story " coming up .
Valentine` s Day is almost here , which can mean only one thing .
Glenn will attempt to eat his weight in candy .
I do n` t even know what this one is .
Will he succeed ?
Find out by going to CNN.com/podcast or iTunes .
Then download Glenn` s podcast , " Sick Twisted Freak" .
Welcome to " The Real Story . "
This is where we try to cut through the media spin to figure out why a story is actually important to you .
Congress is mulling over that package that would raise the national minimum wage to $ 7.25 an hour .
Some states have already implemented the increase .
And as a result , employers , many of them have been forced to lay off workers and cut the hours of others .
The real story is , an increase in the minimum wage is bad for people who run small businesses and the employees who work for those businesses .
I and my fellow conservatives have been telling this for a long , long time .
You do n` t have to be an economist to understand why , but apparently you just ca n` t be a liberal congressman .
It does n` t get any simpler , Washington .
I`ll speak slowly .
Raising taxes and increasing the minimum wage hurts job growth .
The more a business owner has to pay , the less money he has to grow his business and pay employees .
The more things cost , the less we have to spend .
Think of your own life .
The way you run your family` s budget is n` t that much different than those small businesses .
Unfortunately , it` s not the way they run things in Washington , so they do n` t get it .
Sadly , this minimum wage increase is going to hit small businesses the hardest because , hello , they`re small businesses .
The woman running the pizza place or the family that owns the coffee shop does n` t have a lot of financial wiggle room .
They`re often living payroll to payroll , and they have to rely on minimum wage workers just to stay afloat .
