And beaver .
And viva la beaver .
Snake .
And snakes , good boy .
We 're back with Terri Irwin , widow of the late and wonderful Steve Irwin .
What a guy .
Was he a good father ?
The best .
Absolutely the best .
It was amazing how he could be in the middle of a board room meeting at the zoo and Bindi would run in and say , excuse me , daddy .
Excuse me , I need to talk to Bindi .
And he would have a little chat with her and deal with it .
He would always take time for the kids .
Got up at 3:00 in the morning , got his work done so he would come in the morning on the motorbike and whisk the kids off .
They have n't brushed their teeth .
Does n't matter .
Off he would go .
Always the kids came first .
Let 's take some calls .
Appalachia , Virginia for Terri Irwin .
Hello .
Hello .
Hi .
Terri , first of all , I would like to say my heart goes out to you and Bindi and Bob .
And my question is , could you share your fondest memory of Steve and maybe tell us something that the public did n't know about Steve ?
That 's a good question .
What about him did n't they know ?
You may not -- there is a lot you do n't know about Steve .
He was an avid surfer .
There were so many things that he loved .
Mixed martial arts .
He just absolutely loved anything that was physical and involved , you know , exerting himself .
He was big on it .
But I think probably my favorite trip was -- you 've seen some clips of it , was going through the United States for the Travel Channel .
And our favorite collectively as a family was our last croc trip .
And Steve would catch crocs in the morning and we would attach satellite transmitters to them and then in the afternoon , it was time for the kids .
And he would show us snakes and iguanas and feral pigs and dingoes and parrots and one time we 're sitting by a little stream and he said , you know , this is most beautiful place in the entire world .
I thought , you know it a nice place but I do n't know if I would have said it is most beautiful place in the entire world .
And I think looking back on it in retrospect , I think it was .
By the way , now , in case you missed it , Steve died during the filming of the documentary called " Ocean 's Deadliest . "
That program is finished .
And will be shown on the Discovery Channel on January 21st .
That 's January 21st .
Omaha , Nebraska .
Hello .
Hi .
Thank you for taking my call .
Sure .
I just wanted to let you know that we have been watching y 'all since the beginning of your show and we have just always loved your show .
And we mourned right along with you .
It was just devastating to -- that your loss and we 're so sorry about your loss and your whole family .
And we just want you to know he meant so much to us .
And we wanted to say God bless you , thank you for your stand that you take for wildlife and for your beliefs .
