Plus , a legal case in Virginia that caught our eye .
This one is really baffling .
A woman gets two years in prison for road rage .
A mother with three young kids .
Her crime ?
She chucked a cup of ice into another car .
We 'll tell you what she faces and give you her side of the story straight ahead .
Plus , a trip home .
We told you about it yesterday .
Well , that was put on hold for this little girl , one of the tiniest babies that was ever born .
We 'll tell you why .
That 's straight ahead on AMERICAN MORNING.
The most news in the morning is right here on CNN.
Heading home .
Thousands of British troops set to be pulled out of Iraq .
A major announcement from London coming within the hour .
Call off the lobbyists .
Merck says it pushed too hard to get lawmakers behind a new vaccine that could prevent cancer , cervical cancer in women .
And the McMissile sentencing is what they 're calling it .
A young mother has been convicted of throwing a McDonald 's cupful of ice into another car .
Now she faces years in prison .
We 'll tell you her story straight ahead on this AMERICAN MORNING.
Welcome back , everybody .
It 's Wednesday , February 21st .
I 'm Soledad O'Brien .
I 'm John Roberts , in today for Miles O'Brien .
Thanks for joining us .
Can I tell you ?
I 'm about to make a McMissile out of this .
Oh , you 're laptop is giving you trouble today .
I 've got a connectivity problem this morning , and there are probably ...
Kum ba yah .
It 's all going to work out .
... thousands of people across the country who are saying right now , " You know , my damn thing wo n't work either . "
I 'm there with you .
You can have mine if you prefer .
Oh .
You 're so nice .
Let 's start with our top story this morning .
Just about half an hour from now , the British prime minister , Tony Blair , is going to tell the House of Commons that the time is right to start bringing home troops from Iraq .
Now , 1,500 troops will leave as soon as April , another 1,500 could follow by the year 's end .
That would reduce the number of British troops from the current level of 7,000 that are there now .
CNN 's Robin Oakley is in front of 10 Downing Street in London for us this morning .
The question being asked about Tony Blair 's expected announcement of the pullback of some British troops from Iraq is , why now ?
Mr. Blair has long insisted that British troops would stay in Iraq , so long as there was a job to be done .
The answer is that Mr. Blair and his generals now believe that Operation Sinbad conducted in Basra and the southern Iraqi district around Basra has been sufficient of a success for them to begin passing power and control to the Iraqi security forces .
Some British generals have been arguing , too , that the presence of British troops in Iraq has , in fact , created greater security difficulties and will welcome the pullback .
