It 's critically important to get the vaccine to the children before they become sexually active and therefore , potentially exposed to this virus .
Before a girl becomes sexually active -- because HPV , the Human Papilloma virus , which leads to cancer , is spread through sexual intercourse .
The Centers for Disease Control estimates HPV infects about 20 million people in this country , with more than six million new cases each year .
But some say vaccinating such young girls against a sexually transmitted virus is an implied endorsement of dangerous behavior .
We feel it 's very important that people not be told that this is a vaccine that will make it safe to have sex .
There are concerns about parents ' rights , and screening and treatment have already been very effective , says Dr. Kevin Holcomb , who treats cervical cancer .
And I think each parent has to decide for themselves whether they want their child to have this vaccine or not .
Dr.
Holcomb says , unlike the measles and pumps , a child cannot catch HPV just by sitting next to another student in a classroom .
This virus is spread almost exclusively through sexual intercourse .
The CDC says 80 percent of women will be infected by the age of 50 , 80 percent , and the CDC recommends girls be vaccinated .
But the federal government does not make it mandatory .
States are moving quickly though to do so but some states are providing exemptions so that parents can opt out who are concerned , Kitty , can opt out .
Thanks very much .
Christine Romans .
Well , joining me now are two medical doctors with their insights on whether this vaccine should be mandatory and they are considerable experts in the field .
Here in New York , we have professor emeritus of pediatrics at Columbia University , Dr. Louis Cooper .
And from Richmond , Virginia , we have Dr.
David Stevens , CEO of the Christian Medical Association .
And gentlemen , thank you very much for taking the time to discuss this with us today .
Before we get into the real key question here , which is should we make it mandatory , let 's put up statistics for our viewers just to show how prevalent this is becoming .
Twenty million people currently infected with HPV.
Fifty percent sexually active people acquire this , and 80 percent of women will have acquired HPV by the age of 50 , 6.2 million new infections each year .
These are fairly shocking statistics , gentlemen .
I guess the real question is , should this vaccine , now that it 's available and it is quite a breakthrough , should this be made available to everyone and mandated by the federal government ?
We 'll start with you , Dr. Cooper .
The good news is that this is a very good vaccine and using it is going to save countless thousands of lives , not just in the United States .
But more importantly , in the rest of the world when we can get it distributed there .
Mandates is really not the issue .
We pediatricians are sure where appropriate education of parents and teenagers , that they 're going to want this vaccine .
And so the issue is , adequate education and a good vaccine and we can save lives by so doing .
