One of the people who 's a very strong supporter of his is Senator Lindsey Graham from South Carolina , who had to say this in the " Washington Post , " quote , " I 've been selling Petraeus to anybody who would listen .
He 's the General Grant of the surge .
He 's our last best chance as a military commander to bring about a change on the ground . "
Spider , is he going to be able to get the job done and is he the last chance ?
This is n't about Dave Piraeus .
This is about trying to make a difference on the ground , making sure the soldiers and Marines on the ground , all the service members have what they need .
Certainly you ca n't have an army or a service of lambs being led by a lion exclusively , but you prefer to have that .
You prefer to have a great guy in charge .
So Dave Petraeus is the right guy .
He 's studied it , he 's fought in it .
He knows what he 's talking about .
We 've got to give him the opportunity .
But let 's not call it a surge .
General Shepard , you sent me an article earlier this week pointing that General Petraeus has surrounded himself with Ph.D.s , very bright people who also have a wealth of combat experience .
What sort of advantage do you think that might give him in the field ?
Well , it 's taking smart people that have been there and you 're looking for ideas .
Dave Petraeus is the right guy at the right time over there .
He has been there .
He has studied it .
He 's helped train the Iraqi military .
This is a guy that knows what he 's doing , but he is on the hot seat .
He will be held responsible for what happens over there and he 's got smart guys helping him to think through the thing , because this is not just a military problem , it 's a complex diplomatic political problem , as well .
General Grange , I wanted to throw this at you .
It 's a report that came out on Friday from the Council on Foreign Relations , a fellow named Steve Simon , writing about the Iraq war , making the case that the U.S. should pull troops out by 2008 , saying that " The crisis has now moved beyond the capacity of Washington to control on its own .
The United States lacks the military resources and the domestic and international political support to master the situation . "
He 's suggesting that the situation in Iraq may be irretrievable , regardless of how this troop increase goes , that the U.S. has got to think about getting out as soon as possible .
I 'm sure that 's a course of action on the table .
I always believe that there 's a way to accomplish a mission .
I do n't think it 's hopeless .
I think it 's very tough .
The international community has already lost their will .
It 's a good chance that the United States of America will lose -- we 'll lose our will , as well , and when that happens , no matter what you do , you will not be successful .
Well , there 's a lot of people who have a lot of faith in David Petraeus and a lot of people hoping that he can make a difference on the ground .
