That was one of my favorites .
I miss those .
Not a bad thing to miss .
You must miss that .
If you miss -- chocolate 's a thing you can miss .
I miss -- I miss having those beautiful boxes , you know , in my suites .
Every time I go somewhere , I do n't have them .
But I do n't eat them anymore , so there 's no use in , you know , having them .
Do you use substitutes , like low-sugar chocolates or low carbs ?
Do you have substitute foods ?
I do n't even -- I do n't even want sweets anymore .
I do n't crave sweets .
Give me a typical day .
What do you eat -- breakfast , lunch , dinner -- example , typical day .
Breakfast .
Breakfast ?
Fruit .
Maybe I can eat some oatmeal .
That 's it ?
OK , we 're up to lunch .
Lunch .
It 's so hard because I so do n't want to eat food .
It 's , like ...
But did you eat lunch today ?
I had some fruit .
Fruit .
What do you have , like , for dinner ?
You got to eat something staple sometime during the day .
I 'll probably have some kind of soy product and -- I can eat whatever I want .
I mean , I can eat whatever I want .
It 's just ...
So you could have mashed potatoes and ...
I do n't -- I do n't crave it .
-steak .
I do n't crave it .
It 's just ...
You do n't -- in other words , you do n't -- you do n't get hungry anymore .
Right .
Exactly .
So you eat just because have you to eat .
SMIT
I eat what people make me eat .
I 'm not hungry anymore .
I do eat because , you know , you have to eat .
I 'm just -- I do n't crave anything .
It 's just -- I just ...
Your appetite 's gone .
I 'll just look -- I 'll just look on the -- right .
So I just have to find ...
How long have you ...
... something , and I 'll eat it .
So I ca n't really tell you what to eat .
I look on the menu and then I 'll pick something out , so...
How long have you been on this diet ?
I started the diet probably , like , the end of my second season of " The Anna Nicole Show . "
So that was , like , last year ?
Yes .
Obviously , it was last year .
Right .
So you 've been on this quite a few months .
Right .
We 'll be right back with Anna Nicole Smith .
In a little while , her attorney will join us , get her up to date on things legal with Howard Stern .
Now , that happens to be the same name as the other Howard Stern , except -- just worked out that way .
We 'll be right back with Anna Nicole Smith .
Do n't go away .
She wo n't tell us the exact amount of weight she 's lost .
She 'll announce that February 27 on her own show at E! But she does looks remarkable , Anna Nicole Smith .
Will you stand one more time for late tuners in , people who might have just joined us .
The new Anna Nicole .
Some things as you can tell have not changed .
But she looks terrific .
All right , Anna , Anna Nicole , do you exercise along with this diet ?
