His attorney denied Gidding ever said anything like that .
He did , however , confirm the facts in Gidding 's legal case .
The Army reserve declined comment on why Gidding was allowed to continue to serve , saying to do so would be illegal .
So how many Army reservists are serving with felony records ?
We wish we could tell you , but the reserve says it does n't know .
You see , the reserve says it does n't conduct background checks after recruitment unless a soldier is promoted .
So unless a reservist who has been convicted of a felony fesses up , his or her military superiors would not in most cases know about the crime .
As a result the reserve says it 's unable to speculate how many convicted felons may be in its ranks because it does n't gather the data .
As the case of Stephen Green shows , all this carries big risks , not just for the Army , but for America 's reputation around the world .
Stephen green was a high school dropout with three misdemeanor convictions when he joined the Army .
He got a waiver to serve in Iraq , but is now in jail awaiting trial as a civilian on charges that he and four other soldiers raped a 14-year-old Iraqi girl and murdered her family .
Two of the men have pleaded guilty .
Two more are awaiting courts-martial .
Green , who was discharged as a private , maintains he is innocent .
You take people like that in , the chances are they 're going to behave badly , they 're going to do things under pressure in the battlefield that other people might not .
Korb says waivers help the military grow its ranks while fighting an unpopular war .
The quality of your military and its effectiveness is going to decline , and you 're going to end up with a force like we did in the latter days of Vietnam that 's not up to the job that the nation is asking it to do .
Pentagon Consultant Eli Flyer ( ph ) says he first recommended routine background checks 20 years ago .
But , he says , the military still does n't do them , except when reviewing security clearances or promotion .
Rose Gidding has moved with her son to a new home where her soon - to-be ex-husband ca n't find her .
She says he 's too dangerous to be near their son , and has obtained a restraining order against him .
And yet , we checked and Bob Gidding is still an Army reservist living in California and available for deployment .
Randi Kaye , CNN, Monterey , California .
Well , coming up , politics .
To conservatives , the Republican contenders for president may look more like Democrats than members of the GOP and it 's putting a strange twist on the race for '08 .
We 'll have that ahead .
Bur first , a mistake over Iraq .
Friendly fire , an American jet , British casualties and the many questions over what happened and why , when 360 continues .
In the military , they 're called blue on blue incidents , that translates to friendly fire .
In the fog of war , we all know it happens .
But what you 're about to see took place over the skies of Iraq .
But that 's only part of the story .
