Yes .
And one of the traditions which makes it hardest to stop is this notion that if somebody has AIDS and if they sleep with a virgin girl , then they are going to cure themselves of AIDS .
And so it creates this market for young virgin girls who then are exposed to AIDS , end up dying of it themselves .
So what can be done ?
I mean , is there -- is there a solution ?
Yes , there is .
And it 's pretty clear that just -- that rehabilitating the girls after they 've been sold to the brothels is really hard .
And that prevention is -- is where you have to devote the resources .
So international pressure is key ?
International pressure really makes a difference .
And the State Department has been applying more pressure and that has been reasonably effective in some countries .
But we have to do a lot more of that .
And we have to make the issue higher on the agenda .
What is it like being there ?
I mean , what is it like being in these brothels and seeing this ?
I mean , you keep going back to it .
You 've seen it over the years .
One of the things that I think surprises Americans when you go there is that , in a way , they almost seem kind of family-style operations .
You have the brothel owner who is typically a woman , and her kids are often running around .
And the girls are sort of playing with the kids and , you know , and everybody is dressed nicely and speaking politely .
But then when a girl tries to run away , then she is brought back and she 's beaten up .
And at times she is physically locked up in a room or chained to a bed .
And within Cambodia , is it -- is it just sort of accepted ?
It 's largely accepted .
And that is a big part of the problem , and the same is true of India , which is again just a horrendous problem .
And one of the things that I think we can do in the U.S. is to help Cambodian leaders and Indian leaders and those in other countries , Malaysia , which has a huge problem and make them begin to think about it , put it on their agenda .
Do you get a good response ?
I mean do people care -- I always found people care once they know about a situation ?
Yes , I do n't think that a lot of people care about , you know , up to 10 million children being locked up in brothels around the world .
But they can really care about Stre-Mam ( ph ) or about ...
Because 10 million is just too big a figure .
It does n't mean anything .
It 's a number .
It 's not -- it 's not somebody you can empathize with .
But when you describe a real individual , that people can imagine as their daughter or their sister , then they do begin to care .
Nick Kristof , thanks .
Hey , my pleasure .
You can read Nick Kristof 's column in " The New York Times " on Sundays and Tuesdays .
And all of his video from his trip to Cambodia is available on " The New York Times " web site .
You 'll find that at NYTimes.com .
