My sources tell me , though , that while McCain is very upset about this , that he will not block Casey 's confirmation .
You know , it only takes one senator to do that .
And it looks like it 's going to be a rough ride for General Casey , but the -- the betting is that he will be confirmed as Army chief of staff .
The same question to you , Spider , is it fair to use the word failed about any of the people who have led us in Iraq at this point ?
I do n't think it 's fair at all .
Every one of the leaders that has been in Iraq that are in uniform that are prosecuting this war that will exist for many , many years , circumstances that they could shape , they shpd .
And the conditions and the requirements and the resources that they are handed , they salute and they make the best of it .
George Casey is one of those absolutely first rate leaders that will do a great job in his next job , as the chief of staff leading and restructuring the United States Army .
Good choice .
Thanks , Jamie McIntyre over according to the Pentagon .
Spider is going to stick around with us .
Straight ahead , we 'll be going to the map with General Marks to get specifics of what U.S. forces can do now to secure Iraq .
But first , celebration and uncertainty for the Army 's 10th Mountain Division .
Friends and family gathered in Upstate New York 's Fort Drum Army Base on Wednesday to welcome home soldiers after a year long deployment in Afghanistan .
Jennifer Mciver knows there will be tough times ahead for her family and for now is cherishing the moment .
We 're just so excited that we survived our first year .
And I 'm sure we 'll have many more to go , but it just is nice to know that there was an end up .
There was an end .
There will be bittersweet days ahead .
This week , the Pentagon said it 's extending the tours for more than 3,000 soldiers with the 10th Mountain Division .
Some soldiers will immediately redeploy to Afghanistan or they 'll support NATO forces in quelling violence there .
More U.S. troops going into Iraq .
More on the way .
What can they do to keep themselves safe and get the job done ?
How can they turn this fight around ?
CNN military analyst Brigadier General James " Spider " Marks is back with some answers .
Spider , let 's get right to the map and take a look at this .
This is the general region .
Hopefully I 'll give you some answers .
Hopefully .
This is the region .
There 's Iraq in the middle in red .
What do you do , if you 're General Petraeus , you 're the new troops coming in , you 're the old troops who are there .
What do you do ?
Well , first of all , the intellectual precedes the physical .
We 've thought about this .
We 've designed a plan .
We 've now asked for some forces .
Let 's show them where they 're going to be deployed .
Let 's get into Baghdad .
First of all , I think it 's very , very important that we continue to emphasize the type of urban terrain .
This is what we talk about when we talk about urban terrain .
Look how densely packed this is .
The avenues are not very broad .
