Did you feel guilty looking at it ?
Pregnant , six-second pause .
It upset me .
I do n` t know whether I felt guilty looking at it .
But it upset me .
And you did n` t feel guilty watching it ?
Did I feel guilty ?
No.
Not at all .
Did you ?
A tinge of guilt .
You know , I can say , Oh , I` m doing it because it` s just my job .
For some , the Internet search prompted soul- searching .
Yes , I just went today .
You look like you feel guilty .
I do .
Do you ?
Yes .
Why ?
Because I do n` t think we should be looking at it .
Even signed up onto YouTube to do it , I` m embarrassed to say .
YouTube makes you sign up and verify you`re 18 if you want to see what one description referred to as " the director` s cut . "
Suddenly , the trap door opens and he` s gone .
Yes .
But what struck me was the - the voices .
Yes .
That` s exactly what I meant .
The sort of clamor that .
The louder it got , and the more violent it got .
And I could feel myself sort of getting more and more agitated .
The TV networks did n` t show all of it .
We settled for a hanging-noose graphic .
It` s a subject cartoonist could n` t help getting hung up on .
And already , there` s the dope on a rope doll selling for 25 bucks on herobuilders.com .
The son of the woman who watched it said he would n`t .
It` s a person being killed .
And it gave his mom second thoughts about supporting capital punishment .
I thought I believed in it .
But after this , I thought , Wow , I` m not sure .
Time ran out for Saddam Hussein .
But his death lives on on the Internet .
That was CNN` s Jeanne Moos for SHOWBIZ TONIGHT.
So Brooke , we do have a special edition of " The SHOWBIZ Weight Watch " coming up .
First , Mariel Hemingway is here to tell us about how she battled with body-image issues .
That` s right , A.J.
She also has a new book about healthy living .
And we`re also going to have this :
I` m just going to say , I hate being fat .
I hate my fat hands .
I hate my fat face .
I - you know what ?
Mostly I hate all the big fat attitude that everyone around me .
What do you think it would be like to put on a fat suit and experience the world in a totally different way ?
That moving story , still ahead .
And her name is on the sign , so why does the owner of the club Club Paris want nothing to do with Paris Hilton anymore ?
We`re going to fill you in , straight ahead .
A.J. to the couch for the next block with Mariel Hemingway .
Roll your break , and effect black now .
Music under , go Camera 3. Stand by , A.J. Pre-set Camera 1 . Open his mike .
Dissolve 1 . Go .
And welcome back to SHOWBIZ TONIGHT , TV` s most provocative entertainment news show .
So Paris Hilton is certainly known for party hopping .
But tonight , she` s in the news for not showing up at a night club .
