I 've only sang in one bar and that was only one time .
I went up there with a friend and I went into a Zeppelin song , " Stairway To Heaven . "
Basically , I realized when I was going on after and most of the song is pretty bland , but when you go up to -- when you go up to those super high vocals , when you go up to something really awesome , basically well , I left the entire place speechless , you know ?
I 'll bet you did .
And I walk out of -- I walked out with the biggest smile on my face .
Ruben , what do you make of Eric ?
Ooh , Ruben .
( LAUGHTER ) .
Hey , Ruben .
How are you doing , man ?
What 's up ?
What 's up , Eric ?
Good job .
He was all right , man .
He was -- he was funny .
OK .
Good comment .
Kellie , what do you make of our man here ?
Um...
Want to do a duet album with him ?
Oh , absolutely .
Huh .
Kellie .
Ah , be nice .
Ah , come on .
Well , you know , he had a good time .
And if you succeeded your goal , by all means , sing away .
Ace ?
Sing your little heart out .
Ace , what do you make of Eric , who apparently had a very good time that 's carrying over ?
I -- I 'm just glad to hear you did n't cut your hair up last night , before the night .
Oh , no , no .
You did it before .
So you -- you wanted to cut your hair .
It was n't that you -- you did n't want to , you know ...
Oh , no , no .
I did this completely at random .
OK .
I was n't expecting to be here at all .
I ( UNINTELLIGIBLE ) mine cut , too .
Kellie cut hers , too .
I did .
Yes , I like that .
I 'm trying to be like Ace .
Latoya -- Latoya ...
He 's my role model .
Latoya , what do you think of Eric ?
I think that , you know , Eric did his thing .
Eric did what he wanted to do .
He completed his goal , what he set out to do .
My opinion , I do n't think it 's the type of voice that would appeal to the masses , but there is a market for you , Eric , and I say good luck to you if that 's what you want to do .
That 's all you 've got to hope for .
OK .
Eric , is it what you want to do ? Do you want to be a performer ?
Oh , with all my heart .
It 's ...
So what are you going to do ? Are you going to take lessons ?
What are you going to do to make yourself better if this is your goal ?
Well , actually , I came to realize while I was watching my audition is that one of my real problems is my consonants .
Basically I have real trouble performing .
It was like a slight speech impediment .
So basically I want to ( UNINTELLIGIBLE ) a little focus into it and basically -- well , also , maybe next time not have so much fun with it .
Maybe be a little bit more serious .
A good singing teacher can correct that .
