We welcome you back .
Defense attorney Lauren Lake , and Roland Martin , host of " The Roland S. Martin Show " on WVON Radio in Chicago .
Now , you guys have got to admit , these images of these women are disgusting .
Who can defend degradation of women like we have just seen in the video ?
ROLAND MARTIN , EXECUTIVE EDITOR , " THE CHICAGO DEFENDER" : Hugh Hefner can , the publishers of " Maxim , " of " Stuff , " of " FHM. "
And , so , they 're the ones who defend it .
It is indefensible , because the images are being beamed across the world .
And , so , an impression of black women -- of black women is being presented across the world .
But we have an issue with the degrading of women in this country .
You go to a boxing match , you see a woman in a bikini walking around with a ring card .
That 's not hip-hop .
That 's boxing .
All right .
And , so , we see it in our society .
But is n't there a degree of offensiveness we 're talking about ?
We just saw in that video this man swiping a credit card on this woman 's behind .
That is so ridiculous and so degrading .
Absolutely .
And , I think , at a certain point , we just have to keep it real .
It 's gone too far , in many ways .
And what I implore , and what I 'm begging my brothers to do , and my white rappers , and my ...
Hispanic rappers .
... Hispanic rappers , respect the women who have birthed you .
OK ?
We are your mothers .
OK ? Everybody -- all men love their mama , but they 'll talk about a girl like a dog .
That 's got to change .
We are the women of this culture .
For you to degrade us in that way , and for the women to accept that kind of treatment , I think is irresponsible .
And quit playing naive .
You know you 're not going up in there to model .
You know what you 're modeling .
All right .
But you talk about women accepting responsibility for this .
How about the guys that are making these records ?
And we heard in one of the last segments that you 're not going to make any money off these records that have a social conscience message .
Of course .
And that 's a great point .
It 's off this naked stuff .
Exactly right .
They 're both making a great point .
That is , first of all , misogyny and sexism are big business in American culture .
The degrading of women is from time and memorial .
So the hip-hop visualizes it and vocalizes it in a very violent fashion .
I have no defense for that -- misogyny , which is the hatred of women ; sexism , sentiments expressed against women because they 're women ; and patriarchy , which assumes that the man 's life supplies the norms to everybody else .
So there 's no question about that .
But here 's the problem -- that if you go to an average church , that many of these people are standing up to talk about the degradation of women , they 're hearing a gospel that says women should be subordinate to men .
Now , they 're not as violent , as vicious , or as vocal as hip-hop , but they 're saying the same thing .
And at the end of the day , you are not equal to this man right here .
