And the Department of Homeland Security is to provide security for all of us , of course .
But how can it do that when it ca n't even run its own operations internally ?
We 'll have a report on dubious financial policies , practices , lack of contractor oversight , and what is , by most assessments , a dysfunctional department .
Also tonight , remember the outrage when we first broke the story last year about a Middle Eastern company buying up our ports ?
We have some major new developments to report to you tonight .
And stranded motorists in Pennsylvania , they are furious .
They say they should have been warned about those perilous conditions on an interstate highway .
Those stories and a lot more coming right up .
Stay with us .
Motorists trapped on a Pennsylvania highway for as much as 20 hours expressing their outrage tonight .
National guardsmen and fire crews carried supplies to travelers stranded by that massive Valentine 's Day storm which brought a 50-mile stretch of Interstate 78 to a complete stand still .
Several major highways in Pennsylvania were kept closed today .
That in order that road crews could clear up to what turned out to be six inches of ice .
Many drivers were frustrated that they were allowed on the road at all .
State police did n't close entrance ramps to I-78 until seven hours after the storm hit , and they are hearing about it .
The Department of Homeland Security should be renamed , it appears , the Department of Homeland Insecurity .
The agency is plagued by issues of poor management , low morale and shaky finances and a total lack of accomplishment .
One lawmaker said he would give the agency a grade of C minus and he said that grade is generous .
Lisa Sylvester has the report .
The Government Accountability Office has placed the Department of Homeland Security on a high-risk list because of mismanagement .
In four years , the department has never had a clean financial statement .
The second largest government agency in Washington ca n't balance the check book is an indictment on the department in itself .
he chair of the House Homeland Security Committee bluntly says , DHS is wandering aimlessly toward an uncertain destination .
The DHS inspector general blasted the agency for lousy oversight of contractors and a recent survey on morale found the department 's employees scored at the bottom of the list of all government workers .
JOHN GAGE , AMERICAN FED.
OF GOVERNMENT EMPLOYEE
There is just a lack of communications between management and -- and employees .
Plus , in certain instances like our Border Patrol , they do n't feel that management backs them up .
Part of the dysfunction will be blamed on growing pains .
The department is a relatively new agency .
Secretary Michael Chertoff acknowledged the shortcomings .
Physical constraints , shortages of money for training and the fact that we are working people very hard does have an impact on morale .
But critics also point to a lack of focus .
For example , Chertoff on Friday , was promoting economic prosperity in Mexico while problems dogged the agency at home .
The future of all of the neighbors of North America rests in promoting mutual security , but also in promoting mutual economic prosperity .
