We 've seen figures that have gone through the roof .
Suicide attacks , 21 in 2005 , 139 in 2006 .
Al Qaeda helping influence the Taliban in the way it 's operating .
It 's become -- the Taliban is behaving a lot more like al Qaeda in terms of tactics and ideology .
And we 're seeing , in an article that you 've written for " The New Republic , " that there is a nexus to terrorism in other countries in Pakistan .
Yes .
The big problem is in Britain .
There are -- every year , 400,000 Brits with Pakistani descent visit Pakistan .
99.9 percent of them are there for , you know , non-nefarious reasons .
The other very small minority are there to train with al Qaeda .
And it 's now the consensus view in the U.S. intelligence community and the Brit intelligence community that the London attack of July , 2005 , that killed 56 , was an al Qaeda-directed operation .
It was badly misinterpreted initially , just a bunch of homegrown people .
Well , it turned out they were n't home -- two of the ringleaders had actually trained in Pakistan with al Qaeda and that is now regarded as an al Qaeda operation .
So al Qaeda is back to , you know , think about that operation -- thousands of miles from their base on the home -- on the Afghan border .
It took them about a year to plan .
It sort of looks like to me a little bit like the USS Cole attack in Yemen in 2000 .
So that they had been to training camps in Pakistan before they carried out the bombing in Britain ?
Yes .
Does this represent a new centralization of al Qaeda control after it was so dispersed for so many years ?
I think it shows they 're regrouping .
You know , they 're regrouping in Afghanistan , on the Pakistan border ...
And what does that mean for us ?
Well , you know , British citizens can visit the United States fairly easily and we already saw in August an attempt by a group of British citizens of Pakistani descent directed by al Qaeda , according to U.S. intelligence officials , trying to bring down 10 American airliners .
If that had succeeded , that would have been a 9/11 event -- thousands of Americans would have been killed .
Troubling intelligence .
Peter Bergen , as always , thanks very much .
Thank you .
Appreciate your expertise .
Are the storm clouds of war building over Iran ?
Or is President Ahmadinejad in trouble at home for being too provocative ?
We 'll check in with our man in the Middle East next on THIS WEEK AT WAR .
Is the White House gearing up for war with Iran over its meddling in Iraq ?
What do Arab allies think about the plan to bring peace to Baghdad ?
And is there any hope of resolving the Israeli-Palestinian crisis ?
A lot going on in the region this week .
So we turn to CNN Middle East correspondent , Aneesh Raman .
He 's in Cairo .
And with me here , Ray Takeyh .
He 's a senior fellow for Middle Eastern studies at the Council on Foreign Relations and author of " Hidden Iran : Paradox and Power In The Islamic Republic . "
