Or maybe it 's the prince .
Maybe it is Prince Frederick .
Yes .
He is the one that came out of the woodwork today ...
Yes .
... saying he , too , could be the father .
Lisa Bloom , thanks .
All right .
Thank you .
Appreciate it .
Out in the open next : a surprising side of Senator Barack Obama that you rarely see .
If he ca n't quit smoking , could he ever be elected president ?
We are going to debate that tonight .
A little bit later on : A commercial backfires .
Why would General Motors use images of a suicidal robot to sell cars ?
" Out in the Open " tonight : something that could hurt Senator Barack Obama 's run for the White House .
And , no , we do n't mean his race or his youth .
Tomorrow , he 's expected to officially declare that he 's a candidate .
But , even as he gets ready to campaign , he 's also trying to kick a cigarette habit .
And that made all of us wonder here , would America ever put a smoker in the White House ?
Here is Keith Oppenheim .
Barack Obama .
The 2004 Democratic National Convention -- Barack Obama catapults to the national stage , describing himself this way .
The hope of a skinny kid with a funny name who believes that America has a place for him , too .
That was then , when we knew little about him .
This is today , when we 're learning more .
Barack Obama smokes .
That 's right .
Obama , the man who would be president , smokes cigarettes .
This week , he told " The Chicago Tribune " he usually smokes fewer than 10 cigarettes a day .
Obama said he smoked more when he was campaigning or writing .
Otherwise , he 's been more of a social smoker , friends say .
He played poker with a -- a number of legislators from downstate Illinois after hours .
He would have an occasional drink .
He would smoke a cigarette , bum a cigarette from legislators .
Because of pressure from his wife , Michelle , Obama says he 's now trying to quit altogether .
The question is , in the brutal arena of presidential politics , does smoking cigarettes matter ?
It is kind of like a -- like a hint or a tell about his character .
Communications professor Irving Rein says , because Obama is still relatively unknown , small details about character can have a big impact .
Smoking is kind of a -- a nasty habit to most Americans .
And it does give some insight in the fact that he 's perhaps got some idiosyncratic behaviors , that there 's another side of him .
Keep in mind , smoking was a side to many presidents .
( r)MDNM¯FDR smokes cigarettes publicly and proudly .
Ronald Reagan , before his White House years , was a pitchman for Chesterfields .
Many others , from Kennedy , to Nixon , to Clinton , smoked cigars .
But , clearly , in 2007 , tolerance for tobacco has changed .
Health is going to be a big issue .
If you 're talking about universal health care , and you 're smoking , it just does n't look good .
Strange as it may sound , some think that Obama 's vice or his struggle to overcome it could be a plus .
People see him as a regular guy who connects to them , who has had struggles in his life .
Whether or not you smoke or like smoking , that humanizes him .
And that 's -- that 's helpful to any candidate , I think .
