And you can also vote on the " Question of the Day " by sending a cell phone text to 45688 .
It` s easy .
To vote "yes , " write " SHOWBIZ Yes . "
To vote "no , " write " SHOWBIZ No. " Once again , send that text to 45688 .
Well , despite all the talk about " American Idol " being really nasty this season , last night was truly a tearjerker .
Sixty-four-year-old Sherman Pore ( ph ) is too old to qualify as an idol contestant .
But Sherman did n` t show up to compete ; he was there to sing the praises of his girlfriend of 20 years , who only two days his L.A. audition , died of cancer .
Sherman` s touching rendition of " You Belong to Me " was enough to warm even Simon` s heart .
Take a listen to this .
( SINGING )
And I think it just smoothed ( ph ) her passing and made it a little softer .
It made it a little softer .
Thank you very much .
That was from the heart .
SIMON COWELL , " AMERICAN IDOL " JUDG
You`re a class act , Sherman .
Thank you very much .
Thank you , gentlemen .
Thank you .
Let me shake your hand .
Come here .
Very nice to meet you .
RYAN SEACREST , " AMERICAN IDOL " HOST (voice-over ) : And with that accomplished , Sherman had just one more message .
I won .
I am a winner .
You know , from a show that gives us a lot of cruel moments , that was a really great moment .
And as you might guess , " American Idol " judges were n` t the only ones who were moved by Sherman Pore` s sentimental tribute .
Viewers are demanding that they see more of him .
They`re now circulating a petition urging the show` s producers to bring Sherman back for an encore .
I think that is a great idea , do n` t you ?
Yes , he should come back , A.J. We love him .
All right .
Did you hear this crazy story , A.J. , that` s been flying around that Sienna Miller and a co-star actually had sex during a sex scene in a film ?
Yes , what is - what is going on there ?
Well , the SHOWBIZ TONIGHT " Truth Squad " uncovers what really went on under the covers .
Good .
That` s straight ahead .
And we`ve also got this :
(RAPPER )
More VP.
What ?
Rolling VP.
Federline !
What ?
Fries !
Is he still around ?
SHOWBIZ TONIGHT has your first look at some of the biggest Super Bowl featuring the biggest stars , and even bigger ones than Kevin Federline .
Well , that` s not too tough .
And the woman going to extreme lengths for a date with someone in the White House .
But I got to tell you , she` s a real dog .
In this case , though , that` s a good thing .
Welcome back to SHOWBIZ TONIGHT , TV` s most provocative entertainment news show .
It is time now for another SHOWBIZ TONIGHT " Video of the Day . "
Now , we all have that dream date , do n` t we ?
Maybe it` s Brad Pitt , supermodel Gisele Bundchen , Halle Berry .
But take a look at this YouTube video that everybody` s talking about .
Meet Kenzie ( ph ) , the Seattle Scottish terrier who really is aiming high .
Doggone it , she wants to doggie date Barney , President Bush` s dog .
