Good lord in Heaven .
And finally , at the end of it all , still no decision .
The decision handed off to a guardian ad litem , a Mr. Millstein appointed by the court .
We still do n` t know , a , what` s going to happen to the remains and , b , who is the father of this child .
I want to go out to Dr. Joshua Perper , the chief medical examiner .
Dr. Perper , when do you believe the body will be handed over to the guardian ?
Absolutely .
When ?
Unless an appeal is going to block this action .
When do you think the body will be handed over ?
Well , we already started in our office preparation .
There are documents which we already issued that the body can be transported .
And we already spoke with the vital statistics office to expedite to sending of an official death certificate .
So things are moving .
And once I receive -- I received already an order from the judge to give the body to the guardian ad litem .
So if there` s no appeal , this is going to happen probably within one day or two .
Well , I can guarantee you , Dr. Perper , there is going to be an appeal .
Mr. Pirtle right here on the show , Virgie Arthur` s lawyer , has said there will be an appeal .
I do n` t know how long that` s going to take .
But I`ve got a question for you .
Before you can issue a death certificate , do n` t you need the cause of death ?
When will you get those toxicology reports back ?
No, well , I do n` t need a cause or manner of death , because the issue -- what` s called a pending death certificate , which is valid until I fill in the cause and manner of death .
And the pending death certificate is filed with the vital statistics office .
You know , Dr. Perper , I do n` t believe there` s been a single night you have been on our show that you have n` t taught me something I did n` t know about the law and about the way this whole affair will function .
So you can issue a pending death certificate until you get back the toxicology report ?
Correct .
That` s routine procedure .
Interesting .
Now , when do you think you`ll get that toxicology report ?
I still ca n` t get it out of you what was in the urinalysis , so I guess I` m going to have to wait like everybody else .
Well , you know , I do n` t like to have a product which is half baked .
And I`ll have the results , and I` m confident , based on the information that we have so far , I am confident that I` m going to be able to come up with a very clear determination of the cause of death .
In other words , what exactly happened to cause the death , this unfortunate death , and also determination of the manner of death , whether it` s natural or unnatural , you know , suicide , accident , homicide , and so on .
And I` m going to do this determination most likely within 10 to 14 days , so I`ll deal within the span of time which initially I estimated .
