Welcome back , everybody .
Happy New Year .
It is Monday , January 1st .
I 'm Soledad O'Brien .
And I 'm John Roberts , in for Miles O'Brien .
Thanks for joining us this morning .
How many people do you think out there are just going to bed ?
I ran into a lot of people this morning coming into work .
How many are just getting up ?
And how many fell asleep at the television last night ?
A large number if you add them all up .
Sure .
Let 's begin this morning on Capitol Hill , where mourners will again file by the casket of President Gerald Ford as he lies in state at the Capitol Rotunda .
AMERICAN MORNING 'S Bob Franken is live for us there this morning .
Good morning to you , Bob .
Good morning , Soledad .
And Gerald Ford was one of those politicians who really treasured being what he would consider the common man , and so he would have been comfortable without the scene in the rotunda .
Yes , it was this very , very elaborate lying-in-state tribute that presidents of the United States get , but those who were coming to pay their last respects were just common citizens , people who waited in line , sometimes a couple of hours , to get inside and get a glimpse , get a glimpse of the casket bearing the man who had had such a pivotal role in bringing back the United States from all the problems of Watergate , but viewing somebody who just really welcomed the time that he spent with his fellow citizens .
They got a glimpse of history .
Many people bringing their children .
The children would oftentimes be heard making comments as they walked past .
A very quiet , somber affair .
The high and mighty have been making their appearances sporadically .
But the big finish to the commemoration of Gerald Ford 's life will actually come tomorrow when his casket is taken from the Capitol behind me to the National Cathedral across town for a ceremony that include eulogies from President Ford ( sic ) -- President Bush , rather .
President Bush , by the way , is coming back from the ranch in Texas , and this afternoon he 'll pay his respects at the Capitol .
And then Gerald Ford , after he leaves Washington , will go back to Grand Rapids , where he 'll be buried where he came from , a man of the Midwest , a mainstream Republican -- Soledad .
It was interesting to see his sons really thanking members of the public who came by to pay their respects .
You know , each and every person .
I thought that was pretty remarkable .
It was a very pleasant sight to see .
And that 's exactly the word .
They were just there saying , hey , we did come from this family that exists at the highest levels of U.S. society .
We just wanted to thank you , our fellow citizens .
Bob Franken for us on Capitol Hill this morning .
Thank you , Bob -- John .
As Bob mentioned , President Bush and the first lady return to Washington today after ringing in the new year in Crawford .
Iraq and President Gerald Ford were on his mind on this New Year 's Day .
