So talk about romance .
Customized romance books , novels .
See the back here ?
It 's got ...
Oh , are we the authors , or are we ...
No, we are the subjects .
Oh , lord .
Let me see it .
So listen to this .
Listen to how this reads .
" Racing Hearts . "
" In ' Racing Hearts , ' our irresistible heroine , Soledad O'Brien , mixes business with pleasure as a big-league agent in the high-stakes world of auto racing . "
May I read a line ?
Go ahead .
" A strong voice shouted out orders from aboard the ship .
Turning her head , Soledad saw the handsome pirate who boarded the dragon and knew without a doubt that he was indeed the famous -- her heart pounded with -- this is horrible !
Oh , yes , and that 's about -- I was very worried , because you probably only grabbed the cleanest part in there .
It goes on to say , " Soledad expects no better from the newest client on her roster , Ali Velshi , but our hard-driving hero has brains and charm to match his breathtaking good looks , and soon Ali has driven his way into her heart . "
" He stripped off his shirt .
A raw display of.. . "
Human resources , line three .
Human resources on line three .
Be very careful for whom you order this .
Wait , so how do you -- how do you do this ?
Thirty-five bucks , you get a form you fill out , and it will ask you things like your name , your last name , your eye color , your body type , your friend 's eye color .
You put all that kind of stuff in , and you have little options , and they send you this book in a few days .
Kind of neat .
It makes good reading .
I 'll give you a little book review of this later .
Yes .
Happy Valentine 's Day .
We 've lost Soledad .
This is so funny .
It 's so bad , this would actually be an hysterical gift .
Well , Happy Valentine 's Day , Soledad .
I guess I 'm not that much of an anti-Valentine 's Day guy .
I 'm kind of glad I 'm out of the book .
Thank you .
Appreciate that .
Top stories of the morning are coming up next , including a look at that brutal winter storm that 's slamming the Midwest .
We 've been talking about it all morning .
Severe weather expert Chad Myers is tracking it for us .
You 'll want to stay with AMERICAN MORNING.
The most news in the morning is right here on CNN.
Deadly storms , snow , ice and whipping winds across a dozen states right now .
The message for travelers , it 's going to get worse .
On the run or at home in Iraq ?
The military says one of Iraq 's most dangerous men has run off to Iran .
Muqtada al Sadr 's supporters have a different story on this AMERICAN MORNING.
Good morning , welcome back , everybody , Wednesday , February 14th , Valentine 's Day .
I 'm Soledad O'Brien .
Happy Valentine 's Day to you .
I 'm Miles O'Brien .
Thanks for being with us .
We begin with some businesses , business I should say at the White House .
Some news came into us just a short time ago .
President Bush will hold a White House press conference at 11:00 a.m.
Eastern today .
It 's his first press conference since his state of the union address .
Obviously , a lot on the agenda right now -- Iraq , North Korea , the economy and more .
Live coverage here on CNN, 11:00 a.m.
Eastern time .
Soledad ?
