There 's no evidence that -- they alleged the DNA would be degraded or unavailable .
And , sure enough , the court agreed today and -- and denied their ex parte .
Why has n't there been a paternity test already ?
I mean , it seems like a pretty simple proposition .
And it really is .
And you have to look at a few different things .
But the first thing that comes up in my mind is , why has n't Mr. Birkhead filed this proceeding in the Bahamas , as he is able to ?
All of the custody claims , these requests for drug-testing on the baby , they were thrown out by the Los Angeles Superior Court .
And he 's been told that he has to go to the Bahamas if he ever wants to litigate those issues .
DNA testing is also available in the Bahamas .
We may have already had DNA testing if he would have filed there .
We have some problems with the order , as it stands right now , or at least as of January 23 .
To have the DNA collected in the way it was supposed to have been collected , it would have been illegal .
And , so , on January 23 , I instructed Anna Nicole not to submit , until we figure this out .
If Howard -- sorry .
If Howard Stern is the dad , why not just , you know , give a blood sample , and that would be that , whether -- you do n't need a court order .
You do n't need him to move there .
It seems pretty simple to an outsider .
Right .
And it is simple .
But you have to look at what is going on .
You have somebody coming to California , and going on television , and filing a proceeding , which has , for the most part , been dismissed , saying , Anna Nicole , come here and give your DNA .
Just because she 's a celebrity does n't mean that she has to lose all of her rights .
And , so , we have always wanted this to be court - supervised .
There 's been many allegations , and we ca n't afford to have anything that is not done under the purview of the court .
So , we wanted it to be court-supervised .
I 'm responsible for -- for instructing her not to submit on the 23rd , when she was perfectly happy to have submitted .
But we wanted it to be court-supervised .
OK .
So , you know , I have been saying all along that just because she 's a celebrity does n't mean she has to give up the right to have a court-supervised proceeding .
Did Anna Nicole Smith have a will ?
You know , I do n't want to address that right now .
But you will be hearing about it , these issues , I suspect , soon .
But I really do n't want to talk about that right now .
All right .
Her daughter , Dannielynn , is in the Bahamas now , we understand .
Who will she stay with , pending the resolution of this paternity case ?
All I know is that I got off the phone with Howard Stern just a few minutes before I was in your studio today .
And I believe he told me that his mother and sister were on their way or were in the Bahamas , and were going to care for Dannielynn right now .
And Howard is obviously ...
