And the president 's Fast Track Authority contributing to 30 years of trade deficits , the loss of good-paying middle class jobs .
Congress has a chance to change all of that .
Will they ?
We 'll have the report .
And an alarming new report shows global warming will continue for centuries .
Tonight , we will examine global warming and our prospects .
We 'll be joined by two of the country 's leading scientists on global warming .
Stay with us .
This is LOU DOBBS THIS WEEK , news , debate and opinion .
Here again , Lou Dobbs .
The U.S. trade deficit has reached just about seven percent of GDP , never higher , no nation , no developed nation has ever seen its trade deficit reach that level .
And now President Bush wants renewal of the trade promotion authority , the so-called fast track authority that rendered by Congress has allowed the White House to ignore Congress which has the constitutional responsibility to negotiate trade agreements .
Lisa Sylvester has the report .
I would suggest moving back .
I 'm about to crank this sucker up .
President Bush at the wheel of a Caterpillar tractor .
He used the Peoria , Illinois plant to drive home his trade agenda .
The White House wants Congress to renew fast track authority which it has used to push through a record 13 new trade agreements with other countries .
Because we lowered trade barriers and said , you treat us the way we treat you , it has enabled this company to sell more product than ever before .
SYLVESTE
Fast track trade promotion authority allows the executive branch to negotiate trade deals without much input from Congress .
It 's up for renewal this June .
Proponents say fast tracking increases efficiency .
Critics say it spawns trade agreements that steamroll the American worker .
And encourages companies to move to low-wage countries .
... positive ideas ...
House Democrats question why they should renew fast track if it will only sap away American jobs .
Take me back to Ohio and tell me what I can say to my constituents about how we make trade work for American workers in states like Ohio .
The chairman of the House Trade Subcommittee says the administration must adopt a new trade policy for fast track to be renewed .
Rhetoric does n't work .
It 's results .
And we have had the wrong results in terms of trade policy from this administration .
They have essentially shrugged their shoulders while other countries have adopted policies that have disadvantaged us .
The result has been more than 3 million U.S. manufacturing jobs lost since 2000 .
And a U.S. trade deficit that ballooned to $ 800 billion .
Representative Sandy Levin wants to see the a new policy that establishes basic international labor and environmental standards in the countries that want to trade with the United States .
Right now , he says the current agreements hurt U.S. workers and permit big business to exploit workers in other countries .
Lou ?
Lisa , thank you very much .
Lisa Sylvester from Washington .
The Bush administration finally appears to be paying some attention at least to our exploding trade deficit with communist China .
That deficit is likely to be a record $ 230 billion for all of last year .
The United States has now filed a case against China with the World Trade Organization .
