Welcome back .
Breaking news out of Iraq this morning .
U.S. troops and attack helicopters involved in a major gunfight against insurgents in Baghdad .
It 's happening right now .
Wildfires rage across Malibu 's pricey beach front , and the home of actress Suzanne Sommers is one of four destroyed .
A year and a half now since Hurricane Katrina , and finally , finally , the check may be in the mail for some homeowners in Mississippi , who suffered big losses .
It 's 25 minutes past the hour .
Ali Velshi is here with that .
Hello , Ali .
How are you , guys ?
There is this report swirling now , and we ca n't get confirmation from either party , which is interesting , it suggests there might be something to this .
That State Farm , the largest property insurer in Mississippi , is in negotiations with the attorney general of that state to come to some sort of a mass settlement for those Mississippi claimants who said they did n't get proper payouts , or any payouts , because the insurer , State Farm -- and others , by the way -- claim their house was damaged by water , by a storm surge , as opposed hurricane winds .
And that distinction has caused a lot of people not to get the money they thought they were entitled to .
Now there 's been no mass claim .
There has been no mass settlement , even though we sort of hear references sometimes to class - action suits .
There are no class-action suits .
There are a few lawyers that represent hundreds of claimants , but the insurance companies , like in many of these types of things , have chosen to fight each one of these cases individually , saying that they are individual policies , they 're individual contracts .
There is no class action .
That , of course , makes it difficult for claimants because when it 's a class action , someone else puts up the money , someone else fights that case , and you get your settlement , albeit a smaller one .
In this case there have had to be hundreds and hundreds of individual claims against State Farm , or others .
If this is true -- and neither State Farm nor the attorney general of Mississippi will tell us about this -- this could be massive .
It would be the first of its kind .
It does not right now involve anybody claiming against the other insurers , nor does it involve anybody claiming against State Farm in Louisiana or Alabama , this is just Mississippi .
As I understand it , the stuff that has leaked out , indicates that State Farm will make no admissions .
It will just be a check , and so , in other words , there wo n't be any sort of official precedent in writing .
Correct .
I think there are probably some people who would like an admission , but I think most people need to get on with their lives .
And they would like to be able to rebuild their homes , and that would be a big step forward .
And I think everybody in this country who has insurance will now realize that -- make sure you read it , the company is clear , you 're clear , put everything in writing that if a storm comes , am I covered ?
If a flood -- if a hurricane comes and causes a flood , am I covered ?
