It 's one of those stories that there 's nothing more to , but I 'll let you know if they sell .
Yes .
That 's just weird .
That is just weird , but the bear on the trampoline was weird , too , so a lot of weird in this minute .
But that was just unfortunate , and luckily he is OK .
That 's a good point .
This was -- this was considered and thought out .
That 's true .
Thank you , Ali .
Top stories of the morning are up next .
A CNN exclusive coming your way .
Our cameras are there for an intense firefight .
That 's the struggle to take back one town in Iraq .
Plus , heart surgery without a surgeon 's hands .
We 'll show you how it 's done , and we 'll talk to a patient who has had it done to her .
The most news in the morning right here .
CNN exclusive .
We take you right on to the front lines as U.S. troops still up against Al Qaeda in Iraq .
M. O'BRIE
And danger , Will Robinson .
Robots in the operating room .
Robots are now a part of surgery , including heart surgery .
We 'll talk to a woman who put a robot -- put her life in the hands of a robot .
And Madame President .
Harvard University chooses it 's first-ever female leader .
The historic choice and her plans for the future , we 're going to take a closer look coming up .
Plus , solid gold .
The Dixie Chicks sweep at the Grammys and sort of get a last laugh on this AMERICAN MORNING.
Welcome back , everybody .
It 's Monday , February 12th .
I 'm Soledad O'Brien .
And I 'm Miles O'Brien .
Let 's begin with some news that is just into CNN.
There are sources now saying that President Bush 's top strategist , Karl Rove , will not likely be called to testify in the Lewis Scooter Libby trial .
It 's the very latest twist in the CIA leak case .
CNN 's Ed Henry joins us to explain what it all means .
There was a time , of course , that everybody thought Karl Rove , in fact , would be testifying , Ed .
That 's right .
Good morning , Soledad .
As the defense begins its presentation in the CIA leak case , later this morning , CNN has learned the top White House aide , Karl Rove , now is not expected to be called as a witness .
This is in the ongoing perjury and obstruction trial of Scooter Libby , the former chief of staff to the vice president , of course .
Two sources with knowledge of the case now telling CNN that Rove , who has been city center of this case from the very beginning , now not expected , as of now , to testify in this case .
Why does this matter ?
Well , just a couple of weeks ago , as you noted , Soledad , when Rove received a subpoena saying that he could be called as a witness , that sparked a flurry of news reports suggesting that Rove would be forced to provide damaging testimony politically , damaging to President Bush .
Of course , have you to caveat it with the fact that there 's still the possibility that Vice President Cheney could testify in this trial .
That could provide damaging testimony for this White House .
