Larry Birkhead ...
Larry does n't know ...
... my client , indicates with full , full authority , that he had an exclusive relationship with Anna Nicole .
And he was here with you .
Are you impressed that Howard K. Stern could say listen , take the baby , raise -- here 's a guy willing to raise a baby , it may not even be his .
He 's willing to raise it ?
Does n't that impress you at all ...
No.
... when he could say ...
No.
... go ?
No, it does n't impress me because as far as I 'm concerned -- and I just say it like it is .
That 's who I am .
That baby , to Howard K. Stern , represents a pot of gold .
To me , Anna Nicole Smith , to Howard K. Stern , represented a pot of gold , whatever obsession , whatever fascination he may have had for her , it was bad .
It was poison .
She 's dead .
Daniel is dead .
We do not want Larry Birkhead 's child to fall prey to the same problems and issues .
What is your client 's state of mind ?
He 's devastated .
He is inconsolable .
He has not left his home for two days and every time I talk to him he bursts into tears .
He loved Anna .
He lost the mother of his little baby girl and he lost the love of his life .
And he truly believed that eventually the three of them would get back together .
Why did they break up ?
I do n't think they broke up by anything between Anna and Larry .
It had to do with Howard K. Stern and Larry Birkhead .
They had a conflict ?
The conflict from day one .
Howard K. Stern did n't want anyone close to Anna Nicole .
I know you 're his attorney , but why , Debra , are you so convinced he 's the father ?
I 've been ...
Because you could be embarrassed , too .
I -- listen , I take that chance every day .
But I believe with all my heart that Larry Birkhead is the father of this child .
And I accepted this representation , I have put a lot of financial expenses out and I will run the course with him .
I will not abandon Larry .
What 's your next judicial move ?
They 've got the DNA from Anna Nicole now ?
They have that ?
It 's been taken by the coroner 's office .
We now need to go back to court on the 20th , show that the court still maintains jurisdiction to -- to further and conclude its order in the state of Florida , take the sample , have it tested and then finalize the testing with Dannie Lynn and Larry .
And who supervises that ?
I mean where is that done ?
Judge Snyder , Department 2. I have everything faith ...
You mean they bring the baby to the judge ?
No.
I have every faith that Judge Snyder will enforce his order and that this will get done .
All this hypocrisy of Ron Rale stating to you , oh , we -- we 're threatening with -- threatened with deportation if she brought Bahamian law .
They went to the Bahamas for a reason .
And those reasons are quickly dissipating .
Anna 's dead .
Daniel 's dead .
