I mean , I think one surprise , although everyone recognizes that Iraq is an extraordinary violent conflict for the press , this - 32 journalists were killed in Iraq last year .
That 's the single deadliest year we 've ever recorded in one country in our 25 year history .
So that 's an extraordinary record .
And it 's also important to keep in mind that most of the journalists who are being killed in Iraq are Iraqis .
30 of the 32 , in fact .
And most of them are not killed in crossfire .
They 're targeted for murder .
Targeted for murder .
And what do you believe is the prognosis for journalists working in Iraq in 2007 , any better ?
I 'm afraid not .
I mean , I think that what essentially what you 're seeing is these Iraqi journalists are the eyes and ears of the
Well , I 'm glad that he acknowledges what is obviously the case .
But it should be noted that for the first three days after she was murdered brutally in Moscow , he said nothing .
And when he did speak , it was only because he was speaking publicly in Germany .
And he had no choice but to speak .
And what he said was horrifyingly cold .
So yes , I 'm glad that he 's acknowledged the truth , but it 's a little bit late .
Joe Simon in New York , your affair recently in this report to what you call democratators .
What do you mean ?
Basically what I think has happened is , you know , in the aftermath of the Cold War , you need to present yourself as a democrat to have any international legitimacy .
And so , you 're seeing leaders who express rhetorical support for democracy , who present themselves to the world at democrats , but who have , in some cases , contempt for the institutions of democracy , including the press , and undermine them using legal means and bureaucratic means .
And that 's a troubling phenomenon in many parts of the world .
Michael Fletcher , I see you nodding ?
Well , I agree .
And I think it 's important to remember that as horrible as it is when journalists are treated badly and are killed , they 're really a symbol of the way society is treated by the governments of these countries .
And that 's what 's so troubling to me .
And one of the things that 's so troubling about Anna Politkovskya 's death and these other killings is not so much that they happened , which is bad enough , but there 's very little outrage .
Very few people cared .
Joe Simon , as you look into your crystal ball for 2007 and beyond , is there any country in the world or any scenario that gives you any cause for optimism ?
You know , I do see some areas for optimism .
I do think that , you know , there are a lot of issues in play .
The Internet is in play .
What is the future of the Internet ?
I think there was a time when people believed it was not controllable .
I do n't think anyone believes that anymore .
But I think there 's a real struggle going on in the future of the Internet as a means of expression .
It 's going to be determined in the coming years .
