And they told me , if you do n't sleep with him , you 're going to die .
Did you truly believe your life was on the line ?
WALLAC
Yes .
Up to this day , I still do .
I still do .
Shantique says , she was held prisoner , kept tied , spread-eagle , to bedposts for two weeks in the house her pimp shared with his family .
She says , sometimes , he forgot to feed her .
All he wanted was to sell her .
People would come in while I was tied down , look at me , leave out .
Turns out , Shantique was being held just two miles away from home .
Her aunt eventually found her .
Other girls remain enslaved on the street for years .
The pimps themselves are often drug dealers looking to make an extra buck .
Some are drug dealers , and some are in the business of sex , because you can only sell a dime bag one time .
But you can sell a 10-year-old girl over and over again .
They use people they call scouts to lure young girls in .
And they know which girls will bite .
Pimps canvass bus stops for runaways , the most vulnerable .
The problem of child exploitation is so enormous here , Atlanta Mayor Shirley Franklin released this public service announcement targeting johns .
Dear john , you have been abusing our kids , prostituting them , and throwing them onto the street .
In Georgia , pimping minors only became a felony in 2001 .
It was a misdemeanor before then .
But convictions still do n't come easy .
Shantique testified against both her pimps .
One cut a deal and walked free .
The big fish , Batman , real name Andrew Moore , got 40 years .
Seven years after her ordeal , Shantique is a freshman in college .
She struggles with dating , but her grades are good .
In her free time , she counsels young girls , hoping to teach them , in life , they have a choice , and child prostitution is n't one of them .
Randi Kaye , CNN, Atlanta .
It is hard to believe .
If you 're wondering how this could possibly be happening right here in the United States in 2007 , well , frankly , so are we .
Rachel Lloyd knows how hard it is to break the invisible chains of this slavery .
She was a prostitute for two years , was almost murdered by her pimp .
Today , she runs a group that helps victims of sexual exploitation called GEMS , Girls Education and Mentoring Service .
She joins me now .
Rachel , thanks for being with us .
RACHEL LLOYD , FOUNDER & EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR , GIRLS EDUCATION AND MENTORING SERVIC
Hi .
Thanks .
So , it 's not surprising to you to see a 13-year-old girl out on the streets of New York or another city in the United States ?
No.
I mean , sadly , it 's not .
It should be , but it 's -- but it 's not .
I mean , each year , we serve about 200 girls , ages 12 to 21 .
Again , even our older girls , who are considered by most people as adult prostitutes , are -- are girls who were trafficked into the industry as teenagers .
And you have found that these girls are actually moved around from city to city ?
