It had -- it has got to be an incredibly overwhelming thing , for you to have done this , to meet these kids , to look them in the eyes , and to have to turn away some of them .
What was that process like ?
That was the hardest part .
The interviewing process was not just me .
There was a whole team of people that interviewed over 500 girls .
And , out of the 500 girls , the finalists , the people that they thought scored the highest , had the best opportunity for leadership , those girls were then brought to me , which ended up being 275 finalists .
And I interviewed all of those girls .
And , yes , you 're right .
The difficult thing was being able to say : " I 'm sorry .
We do n't have enough room for you " -- heartbreaking .
Is it true that , at a certain point in interviewing them that you almost had to stop asking them about their backgrounds , because the stories were just horrible ?
Well , we have everything from abuse , rape .
The majority of the girls -- as a matter of fact , we are going to have family day here in a few days , where their families will have an opportunity to see the school for the first time , because I thought it was important for the families to know where their girls are , to have a -- have a visible -- to have picture of where your child is .
And we call it -- we 're calling it family day , Anderson , because so many of the girls do n't have parents .
Originally , we were calling it parents day , and thought , that 's going to make the girls who do n't have parents feel badly , because so many of the girls have lost either one or both of their parents to the AIDS pandemic here .
And , you know , it 's -- it 's really amazing , because the girls that are in the school are the girls who were able to say , my mother or my father died of AIDS , because , in this country , as you know , it 's still -- it 's still held against you .
Nobody wants it on their birth -- birth certificate , still , that , you know , " My family member died of AIDS . "
And so to have a girl to be able to say out loud , " My mother died of AIDS " means she 's already one of the bravest people , because you 're scorned .
You 're ostracized in this country , still today .
Little children do n't want other -- other people to know .
In just a moment , one girl 's story -- sadly , hers is typical of the life of many in South Africa , a child raising children , sacrificing her own education , because she has no other choice .
So , why has n't the rest of the world found a better way to help these children ?
That 's what Oprah wants to know .
The world 's most famous talk show host says , talk is cheap .
She wants to see more action -- all ahead on this special edition of 360 , " Oprah 's Promise : Building Hope in South Africa . "
So many children in South Africa have lost parents to AIDS , and the numbers just continue to climb .
In a country of roughly 48 million , more than five million South Africans are infected with HIV.
The epidemic has decimated families , leaving hundreds of thousands of children with responsibilities that no child should have to shoulder .
