Well , that 's right .
I think that 's -- I think there are -- there 's very clearly a lot of Republican -- there are 20 Republican senators up for re-election in 2008 .
And among those , a number are both angry and scared , just as you said .
And they are -- they are very likely -- probably as many as half , or a little less than half , have expressed their deep anxiety and their frustration .
And then there are a few like Senator Specter , who are -- object to the sort of insertion of executive authority at the expense of Congress .
The Constitution has been quite clear that the Congress and the executive share responsibility for war .
And it 's as if they 've been written ( ph ) out of the picture .
And then others like Senator Warner , who fundamentally just objects to the course the war is taking .
They are just in disagreement on the substance of the war .
They think the -- and , you know , that 's why will you 're going to have , when General Casey is up now for -- to be -- to be confirmed today as Army chief of staff , and you reported earlier you 're going to hear a number of Republicans speak out against the prosecution of the war and expression their frustration .
Yes , that could be a pretty tough hearing for him this morning .
Absolutely .
Let me ask you a question about Senator Joe Biden , who within , it seems , like 25 seconds of making his campaign public and official , suddenly he 's dancing around answering questions about some of the things he said about Hillary Clinton in a " New York Observer " article , about John Edwards -- he was blunt -- and then these sort of weird/offensive comments about Barack Obama , saying he 's articulate and bright and clean , and nice-looking .
Is his candidacy over before it even gets started , do you think ?
It 's not over , but he certainly -- it 's very strange .
And I think he 's once again undercut himself .
I mean , Joe Biden is one of the most capable members of the United States Senate .
He represents his country overseas on many , many missions in ways that I think would impress most Americans .
And yet , each time he runs for president he slips on banana peels .
I mean , he did this some years ago .
You know , it was like 18 years ago when he ran .
He is a very attractive candidate , and he got accused of essentially plagiarizing or lifting portions of speeches from British politicians without citation and he was forced out of the race .
I do n't think this is going to force him out of the race .
And it 's his comments about Senator Obama that have really , you know , set people abuzz .
And it 's very clear he did not mean to insult Senator Obama or give offense .
And yet , if you are a black candidate who has run in the past , as Jesse Jackson is , for example , or Al Sharpton , they have taken offense .
And it 's definitely undercut his early efforts .
