I mean , you have got the first sort of mainstream African- American , who is articulate and bright and clean and a nice-looking guy .
I mean , it 's -- that 's a storybook , man .
Yes .
And what perfect timing for " Beck Talk , " our weekly visit with Headline Prime 's Glenn Beck .
You are rolling your eyes .
But do you think this guy is a racist ?
No.
I do n't know .
I do n't know the guy .
I have said this before on -- I said it with Trent Lott and what 's his name that played Kramer .
I do n't know his heart .
I have no evidence to say that the guy is a racist .
I can tell you that ...
What do you think he meant by those remarks , though ?
Oh , boy .
I do n't ...
Do they suggest a racist tendency ?
Yes , you know what ?
They was so poorly worded , that , at best , he 's just completely clumsy on this .
You know , I can give him the benefit of the doubt on , you know , clean .
Maybe he thought clean-cut .
I do n't know .
I think maybe he meant Barack Obama appeals to suburban American , where maybe Al Sharpton did n't .
But you ca n't say that Al Sharpton or Jesse Jackson are not articulate or smart , you know ?
Biden has said that that expression came from his mother , sharp as a tack , clean as a whistle .
You talk about clean , clean-cut .
Do you read into that , though , the suggestion that perhaps Sharpton and Jackson , who did have some controversy in their own campaigns , had financial improprieties , or whatever ?
Maybe .
I do n't know .
I do n't want to -- I do n't want to tie it into race , per se , because I think that is so dangerous to do .
I think an interesting angle on this is the double standard here .
At least -- I talked to Al Sharpton .
What double standard ?
Oh , please .
Please .
Oh , please what ?
You really think that this guy would still today even be in the running if it was a conservative ?
Well , what about John Kerry ?
He would be running for president today if he had n't used clumsy language ...
Oh , no , no .
... when talking about the men and women who serve in the armed forces .
We 're talking about race here .
And , by the way , I do n't believe that on Kerry for a second , that that 's why he got out of the race .
Let 's give Joe Biden himself a chance to defend himself , as he attempted to do last night ...
Yes .
.... on Jon Stewart 's show .
You were up late enough to watch .
Yes .
I saw it .
I saw it .
I saw it .
The other part of this thing is , I -- the word that got me in trouble is using the word clean .
I should have said fresh .
What I meant is , he 's got new ideas .
He 's a new -- new guy on the block .
You do n't buy that at all ?
I do n't know .
Again , I 'm not willing to say he 's a racist .
I think he is covering ground for a really stupid remark but that does n't mean he 's a racist .
And again , the point is a double standard .
You have Robert Byrd .
ZAH
