All right , Jacki .
Thank you very much .
Any time .
Soledad .
Always good to get the search out of the search and rescue , and go right to the rescue is what I say .
I like that .
Ahead on AMERICAN MORNING Ali Velshi is in Detroit for the North American International Auto Show .
While Ford looks to the future , got an update on some of the workers the company is leaving behind .
And then , a look at the words of Martin Luther King , Jr. Back where it all began in Montgomery , Alabama .
Our special series begins this morning on AMERICAN MORNING.
We 're back in a moment .
Welcome back everybody .
Developing news this morning , new pictures from Iraq .
At least four people dead after a gunmen ambush a bus in Baghdad .
It happened overnight .
And President Bush is declaring a disaster area for 57 counties in Nebraska after recent ice and snowstorms .
Coming up on 25 minutes past the hour .
Time for " Minding Your Business " and a quick check on Wall Street ; the Dow opens the week at 12,398 ; down more than 82 points on Friday .
The Nasdaq starts off at 2,434 , off 19 points , and the S&P 500 down more than 8 points to open at 1,409 .
Gear heads rejoice .
It is auto show time in Detroit .
Over the next two weeks carmakers will unveil more than 45 new models .
It will be all those cool concept cars .
If you are into cars , you 'll be drooling a little bit .
Reporters are getting a sneak peek as we speak .
Among them are intrepid business maven Ali Velshi .
ALI VELSHI , CNN FINANCIAL CORRESPONDENT , AMERICAN MORNING ( on camera ) : There is a lot of excitement at this year 's auto show .
And there is a lot of concern about the future of the auto industry .
This is the Ford Edge .
It was introduced last year by Ford as part of its " Way Forward" , the restructuring of the company .
Cars like the Edge might be part of Ford 's future , but it did n't come soon enough for a lot of Ford workers .
It was almost a year ago , to the day , that Ford announced its layoffs .
Some 30,000 workers at nine plants across North America .
After the early morning announcement at Ford headquarters , I drove to nearby Wixom , Michigan , site of one of the doomed factories .
In the parking lot there , I met Darrell Hoffman , a 28-year Ford veteran .
You got a lot of family here .
You know , a lot of friends .
Because of his seniority Darrell was able to keep his job at Ford .
Instead , like about 75,000 other Ford and General Motors employees , he took a buyout package , one that gave him health benefits and a pension for life .
Ford offered him some money for job retraining .
Darrell got his commercial truck driver 's license .
So this is your past , this is your history .
Yeah .
This could be your future ?
Yeah , absolutely .
Over nearly three decades Darrell watched Ford , GM and Chrysler lose market share to Japanese carmakers , who could build cheaper cars than the Big Three could .
He even did his part to save Ford money by cutting large rags into smaller pieces for his paint shop .
