Yes .
And in the second one here , a bunch of women , of course , in bikinis , right , on a beach .
Standard -- standard beer advertising practice .
And a group of little red crabs come along and take the Budweiser away .
Now what 's interesting is that in the past couple of years , Budweiser has had a more serious advertising stance .
The humor has been left to Bud Light .
Well , Bud sales have been dropping , so now they 're trying to get laughs both ways .
So we 'll see if the money pays off .
The force multiplier in those ads , the amount of talk about them is tremendous .
It really is .
So it 's really worth the money .
I mean , you see the amount for 30 seconds , you 're seeing ...
And they run over and over again .
Yes .
Yes .
A lot of people watch .
And by the way , Budweiser has been the only alcoholic beverage sponsor for the big game since 1989 , and that goes through 2012 .
OK .
Quickly , do we have time for K. Fed ?
Sure .
Also in a Super Bowl spot for Nationwide Insurance .
Not everyone likes this , though .
Restaurant industry complaining the punch line to this is K. Fed is sort of -- he 's in a rap video , a glitzy music video .
Turns up , though , he 's just day dreaming while , you can see here , cooking French fries .
Some burgers .
Yes .
The restaurant industry not too psyched .
Basically , Nationwide says where humor is involved , there 's always somebody who does n't get it .
And so the point of the ad is you better buy your insurance because you could end up ...
Exactly .
It shows K. Fed has a sense of humor .
M. O'BRIE
OK , got you .
All right .
Thank you , Carrie .
Sure .
Ahead this morning , the truth behind this diet .
You guys heard about this diet ?
No.
No.
The secret ...
We 're on the edge of our seats .
... in this diet is in the hot sauce and lots of it .
One man swears he lost 70 pounds on this diet .
Dr. Sanjay Gupta is going to join us with that .
Plus , President Bush becomes to some degree the salesman in chief , but are voters buying his State of the Union offerings ?
We 'll take a look at that .
Plus , young Americans risking their lives in Iraq .
Some of them just out of high school , still teenagers , forced to make life or death decisions every day .
We 're going to have the story of some young soldiers straight ahead on AMERICAN MORNING.
The most news in the morning is right here on CNN.
Some senators have an answer for President Bush -- no more troops to Iraq .
A resolution going to the full Senate is the strongest rebuke to the president in nearly four years of war .
Dana Bash live from Capitol Hill with more .
Good morning , Dana .
Good morning , Miles .
And the vote in that Senate Foreign Relations committee was 12-9.
Every senator who voted to condemn the president 's plan to send more troops to Iraq said the resolution may be symbolic , but they also said it 's long past time for Congress to stand up to the president on Iraq .
