And this is a short week for markets because of the holiday today .
Later in the week we 'll be getting a key reading on inflation .
Plus , we 'll get earnings from Home Depot .
People will be interested in knowing what 's happening with that company under new leadership .
And from Wal-Mart , we 'll have news on Wal-Mart today .
It 's announcing some inner city plans and some plans to try and help out businesses in areas where the company moves in .
I 'll tell you about that in a little while .
Soledad .
Great .
See you then .
Thanks .
Thank you , Ali .
Top stories of the morning are coming up next .
A happy ending to tell you about on Mt .
Hood .
But here 's a question for you .
Is it time to put a stop to all those risky climbs .
We 'll take a look at that .
Plus , JetBlue trying to adjust ( ph ) that image .
You just heard Ali talking about that .
We 'll tell you how you can protect yourself on your next trip on a discount airline .
Plus , one of the tiniest babies ever born is now on her way home .
She weighed just 10 ounces at birth .
We 'll tell you how she 's doing today .
You 're watching AMERICAN MORNING.
The most news in the morning is right here on CNN.
Flight plan .
A new attempt by JetBlue today to relaunch its image after a disastrous six days of grounded flights .
Alive and well .
Three stranded climbers rescued from Mt . Hood thanks to a dog named Miss Velvet and taxpayer cash .
New calls , though , to put an end to these risky climbs .
And homeward bound , finally .
A little baby who could fit in the palm of your hand when she was born .
Look at that picture .
Look at those tiny feet .
Well , she 's leaving the hospital today .
The incredible pictures and her story too ahead on this AMERICAN MORNING.
Welcome back , everybody .
It 's Tuesday , February 20th .
I 'm Soledad O'Brien .
I 'm John Roberts in for Miles O'Brien .
Thanks for joining us this morning .
Those pictures of the baby .
The baby 's skin is almost translucent .
I know .
And she was born , I think , at 21 weeks , which is actually , doctors tell you it 's not survivable .
Seventy percent mortality rate at that age .
Oh , yes .
And now she 's going home with great news .
Amazing .
Ten ounces -- that 's a -- that 's a great story .
We 'll talk about that straight ahead this morning .
First , though , we want to start with JetBlue , which is trying to clean up after a big black eye this morning .
The company says they 're planning to resume a full flight schedule today .
Let ' show you some new pictures from the ticket counter at JFK.
Do we have those ?
Imagine if you will a full ticket counter at JFK , because actually people are -- there you go -- re-enacting it for me , John Roberts .
Sorry , there 's no seat for you and no space .
Actually , they 're very crowded this morning .
So it 's very good -- very good news for the airline today .
They 're also rolling out this public relations campaign , as you may know .
They 're trying to win back all these passengers .
