And you want to talk about hypocritical , you know ?
Like I think it 's so sad that there 's these actresses and people out there and you 're saying they 're so skinny , they 're so skinny , they 're so skinny and then the -- but you 're -- but at the same time , they 're calling them the fashion icons .
And they were n't fashion icons when they were thicker , but they are now when they 're thinner .
Or to -- also , to attack people that have gained weight or -- you know , I just , it 's -- like , I think it 's really sick .
Supermodel Gisele Bundchen , you know her ?
Yes .
Has jumped into the controversy over super thin models .
She suggests one of the problems is that some of these girls do n't have a strong family base to support them .
Do you agree ?
When it comes to anorexic models ?
Yes .
BANK
I think , you know , Gisele has her -- her point .
But I think there 's a whole -- it 's a lot deeper .
You know , anorexic is a disease .
Bulimia is a disease .
It 's not just a disorder .
Did you ever fall into it ?
No, I never have .
I never ever have .
And to Gel 's -- to Gisele 's point , it 's because of my mother .
So she 's on point then ?
Yes .
When the agencies told me that I needed -- I was 123 pounds , Larry .
And the agencies told me that I needed to be 10 pounds lighter .
So 5'10 " and 113 pounds .
And I went to -- my mom told me that the agency said that to her .
And I said ma , what are we going to do ?
And she took my hands and she said , " You know what we 're going to do , Tyra ?
We 're going to go order pizza right now . "
That is the person that was my rock and kept me focused .
So I do think that 's part of it .
Another part is the fashion industry .
You know , and this -- I 'm not going to attack them .
It 's an industry that made me the woman that I am today , you know , in terms of my success .
But at the same time , when they 're hiring the skinniest , skinniest girl out there , the girl next to her is going oh my gosh , I 'm five pounds lighter -- heavier than her , or 10 pounds heavier than her , she 's booking more shows than me .
So what do I do to eat , to feed my family , to , you know , so...
So then you lost jobs because you were curvy , right ?
I started to lose jobs because I was curvy and changed my career and decided to do , you know , Victoria 's Secret and more Cover Girl and " Sports Illustrated " and be the girl next door .
I did Pepsi commercials and things that ...
It was great that you could make that transition .
I -- yes , most girls ca n't .
An e-mail question from Gayle in Syracuse , New York : " Does Tyra do any type of exercise ? "
I go back and forth with exercise .
That 's why my weight goes between 148 and 162 .
Right now I 'm around -- I 'm around 161 .
I 'm not doing any cardio .
I probably lost about three or four pounds in the last couple of weeks because I just started pilates again .
But pilates does n't really make you lose weight .
Maybe you shed a little bit , but you 've got to get on the treadmill to lose weight .
KIN
