Suzanne Malveaux , CNN, the White House .
( END VIDEOTAPE )
Well , as I mentioned before the , the speech is Wednesday night .
For coverage of it , you can join CNN at 9:00 p.m. , Eastern time .
360 , of course , will be on following the address at 10:00 p.m. We 'll be live from Washington .
Democrats opposed to sending more troops to Iraq are now talking about withholding money for what they call an escalation of the war .
They say , after all , the last time there was an increase in U.S. troops , it did n't go well .
More on that from CNN 's Senior Pentagon Correspondent Jamie McIntyre .
Operation Together Forward , the joint U.S.-Iraqi plan to take back Baghdad was highly touted when it was announced last summer .
But within just a few months , it was an acknowledged failure .
Operation Together Forward has made a difference in the focus areas , but has not met our overall expectations of sustaining a reduction in the levels of violence .
Despite committing close to 10,000 additional U.S. troops , including a striker brigade moved to Baghdad instead of being sent home , violence in the Iraqi capital only got worse .
In retrospect , U.S. commanders concede the flaws in the Together Forward plan were glaringly obvious .
Too few Iraqi troops to keep the peace after U.S. forces did the heavy lifting .
And too much focus on the Sunni insurgents , while ignoring Shia death squads .
The top ground commander in Iraq , Lt . General Ray Odierno , told reporters in Baghdad , we overestimated the availability of Iraqi security forces initially .
So we were able to clear areas , but we were not able to hold the areas .
Odierno says this time the U.S. will have a more balanced approach , going after both Sunni and Shia extremists .
And U.S. troops will stay to protect the people .
Frederick Kagan is one of the outside advisers President Bush is listening to .
We 're talking about a longer term operation where we stay in the neighborhoods that we 've cleared , partnered with Iraqi units .
It 's a very different concept from what went on in Together Forward .
Pentagon sources say the Army is anticipating an initial increase , or plus-up as the Pentagon is calling it , of three brigades , roughly 10,000 soldiers , including perhaps a brigade of the 82nd Airborne Division , which has just arrived in Kuwait .
In addition , sources say , a Marine regiment will likely have its tour extended in neighboring Anbar Province , while another fresh regiment is sent in , adding about 4,000 troops there .
Two additional Army brigades would be held in reserve , either in Kuwait or in the U.S.
The key to success , argue backers of the plus-up , is staying , and coupling military might with real improvements in the daily life of average Iraqis .
A jobs program here is definitely important .
Getting the Iraqi economy going forward , definitely important .
Showing the Iraqis that we 're actually going to do more than just kick down doors and kill bad guys , very , very important .
That 's doctrine straight out of the Army 's new counterinsurgency manual , which was rewritten under the supervision of Lieutenant General David Petraeus , the commander just tapped to take over in Iraq .
Petraeus won wide praise for how he employed those tactics back in 2003 when he was the division commander in charge of Mosul in the more peaceful north .
