Girls are more likely to use prescription drugs , but both girls and boys report it 's really easy to acquire them at home , from their grandparents , in school or online .
When you look at first - time drug users , almost as many kids now first try medicines to get high as marijuana .
And the drugs are -- John Walters was there today .
He said on prescription drugs , Lou , we are the dealers .
Parents , teachers , we are the dealers , because it 's happening in our homes and in our schools .
And I hope that Mr. Walters , our drug czar , would also acknowledge that this nation , we 're a nation of enablers .
Until we win this war on drugs and deal with the addiction of so many millions of people , we 're going to be in very serious trouble .
Truly a national crisis .
Christine , thank you very much .
Christine Romans .
Time now for a look at some of your thoughts .
Carolyn in Alabama said , " Since Bank of America wants to tap the illegals as a new business core , maybe they should issue their first card to the illegal drug smuggler who put Ramos and Compean in prison . "
And Pat in California , " Lou , do you really think there is a war on drugs ?
Look at Ramos and Compean in prison for trying to stop an illegal alien drug smuggler . "
And Joan in Michigan , " I might have voted for the Democrats in 2006 , but considering none of them will stand up for Mr. Ramos and Mr. Compean , I will be voting Republican in 2008 ."
Send us your thoughts at loudobbs.com .
We 'll have more of your thoughts here later .
Each of you whose e-mail is read receives a copy of my book , " War on the Middle Class . "
Up next , shocking new revelations in the case against those two Border Patrol agents .
You may find this latest twist difficult to believe .
We did .
We 'll have the special report .
And then millions of middle-class jobs have been outsourced to cheap labor around the world , and in China particularly .
Now Democrats on Capitol Hill say they 're ready to change all of that .
And snow , sleet and high winds , a deadly winter storm slamming much of the nation .
We 'll have the very latest for you , including a forecast .
Stay with us for all of that and more .
A leading Democrat has joined Republicans in demanding a wider investigation into the case of two imprisoned Border Patrol agents .
The call by California Senator Dianne Feinstein comes one day after the release of explosive transcripts from the trial of Ramos and Compean .
Those transcripts reveal more about the Mexican drug smuggler who received immunity from the prosecutor for testifying against the law enforcement agents .
Casey Wian has the latest for us -- Casey .
Well , Lou , it 's clear from the Ramos-Compean trial transcripts that prosecutors , defense attorneys , and the judge all believed that Mexican illegal alien Oscar Aldrete- Davila was involved in smuggling a second load of marijuana into the United States eight months after he was shot and wounded by the Border Patrol agents .
The jury did hear limited details about the first drug load he was transporting in February 2005 , day he escaped from Ramos , Compean and several other agents .
But the judge refused to allow the jury to hear that after prosecutors granted the smuggler immunity , he was tied to a second big marijuana load found at a stash house in Texas .
