Well , obviously , Christians are in the overwhelming majority ...
That 's right .
... when it comes to Christians vs. atheists .
But does the Constitution , Rachel , not only give you freedom of religious , but freedom from religion ?
The Constitution gives you freedom from religion and creates a government that is explicitly nonreligious .
So , we could say it 's ...
So , there should be equal rights , yes ?
Yes .
No. Well , you -- I mean , you can say that America is a Christian nation , in the sense that America is ...
It is .
... a Christian majority nation .
You 're right .
But we have a secular government .
And the way we protect religion in this country , and the way we have become such a religious country is by protecting religion , by keeping it utterly separate from the public sphere and from government .
And , so , there 's ...
But that 's not -- that 's not the American way , though .
Yes , it is .
Let me just finish my thought , Reverend .
We have Christianity in the public schools first ...
We 're running out of time , so make it quick .
There 's not equality among religions under the American government .
That 's not true .
There is freedom from religion .
Freedom from religion is what we have .
OK .
Let me ask this question .
There is a common perception among Christians , or at least a common case that Christians sometimes make , that atheists , because they do not believe in God , are morally compromised .
Are you morally compromised ?
No.
That 's just bigotry .
They know who atheists are .
I have to respectfully disagree with Mr. Dawkins , Professor Dawkins .
The theists know very well who -- what -- who we are , and they 're not misunder-interpreting us or misunderstanding us .
You know , that 's just bigotry .
And , in order to make religious feel -- religious people feel better , they have to say lies about ...
Then , where do you get your morals from ?
Christians get their morals from God , from the -- from the Bible , from God .
Where do you get yours from ?
It 's not about where we get our ethics from .
Where do you get them from ?
It 's a question .
That 's not the ...
Answer the question .
Where do you get them from ?
But the idea that we do n't have ethics is not -- no one sees that .
We 're not the ones that are , you know , abusing children .
Professionally religious people are n't any more ethic -- ethical ...
Are you saying Christians are abusing children ?
I have got to call a timeout here , folks .
We 're not done yet , because there 's a lot more to talk about .
Wait until you see the case that we have got coming up .
Also , one of the biggest secrets in sports out in the open tonight .
Up next , the first NBA player in history to publicly declare that he 's gay .
Later on , here 's what I was talking about .
Can you believe this was the title of a newspaper column ?
" Rape Only Hurts If You Fight It . " We 're not kidding .
That was published .
We 'll find out what the man who wrote it was thinking , coming up .
