Your life in your pocket .
You do n't want to have a hole in your pocket if your life is there , right ?
You know , it 's a lot of stuff to combine together , but I think people are going to like it , because it 's all convenient , it 's all in one unit .
It 's not like my prototype yesterday --
The rubber band prototype !
Where I had to smush my phone and my iPod together .
You saw it here first !
It was not quite so elegant , but it did the job , nonetheless .
It worked .
Thank you , Jacki .
Soledad .
What kind of an impact will the iPhone have on Apple the company ?
It is 26 minutes past the hour .
Ali Velshi is " Minding Your Business " .
Good morning , Ali .
Good morning , Soledad .
In Jacki 's story , Steve Jobs was saying it 's like having your life in your pocket .
That means that you 're replacing your Blackberry type of device , if you carry one of those , an e-mail device .
You 're replacing a phone , and you 're replacing an iPod .
The other companies , the ones that make those Blackberry type of devices , like Palm , which makes the Trio , Research in Motion , which makes the Blackberry , they both had their stock drop yesterday on speculation that they 're going to sell fewer units .
But think about this .
If they 're going to sell fewer units , that means Apple will sell fewer iPods , too .
Because if you are replacing three devices with one , Apple sales of the iPods , the growth in those sales is slowing dramatically .
It 's a story that does n't get told very much .
They are selling a lot of songs , they 're still selling a lot of units , but they need this new act .
They 've got the new act .
What 's it going to do to Apple sales ?
That 's one of the concerns that people who are watching this have .
The other thing is , Miles and Jacki , were just talking about the price .
At $ 500 for the 4 gig , now you 're talking about a 4 gig player , if you buy an additional music player that 's not an iPod or even an iPod , it 's a lot less money for a 4 gig player , and phones are virtually free .
And that said , people do n't necessarily like contracts on their phone .
You 'll have to sign a contract with Cingular .
So there are a few issues this company faces , not the least of which is , are they going to get to call it the iPhone , if CISCSO does n't let them use that name .
Lots to come on this story .
Lots and lots .
All right , Ali , thanks .
Top stories of the morning coming up next .
President Bush is set to tell America his new plan for Iraq , more U.S. troops , new demand for Iraqi troops , as well .
Part of the plan is part of that .
And enough is enough , a major U.S. city is taking steps to curb an alarming rise in the number of murders .
Live report straight ahead .
You 're watching AMERICAN MORNING.
We 've got the most news the morning right here on CNN.
