Right .
She was on Columbia , and , you know , obviously that crew did n` t make it back .
And Lisa was one of our casualty assistance officers .
She did a lot of stuff in the immediate -- you know , in that day and the next year , actually , or even several years helping out with things .
She also spent a lot of time with my son , who -- actually Lisa and Laurel looked a lot alike , so she was a tremendous person in helping us through the tragedy .
And I wish there was something I could do to help her through this tragedy , because she` s a really good person .
Well , you`re defending her tonight .
You are a friend .
With us is a friend of Lisa Nowak` s .
It` s Jonathan Clark .
His wife was lost on Columbia .
Jonathan , how shocked were you when you heard the news of today` s court appearance ?
Well , you know , I was shocked that it was Lisa .
I was not necessarily shocked that something like this happened .
I mean , these folks , the astronauts are under a tremendous amount of stress , and obviously something really tripped in her for this to happen .
But there` s a lot of things that go on .
I see it from both the standpoint , as a former NASA flight surgeon and also as a NASA spouse , an astronaut spouse .
And I see it in the spouses , a lot of the stress , the marital discord that comes with things .
And I also think that , you know , after somebody comes back from a space shuttle flight or flying in space , they have this tremendous high .
And then there` s this letdown .
And after they`ve kind of been through the high , there` s this low .
And sometimes that low needs to be filled with something .
And , you know , some of the things that might have happened here may have been , you know , in light of that .
I mean , obviously , she` s under tremendous stress and she probably has something underlying , you know , behavioral health-wise that` s going on , as well .
And all I can do is hope she , you know , gets through this and gets the support she needs .
I understand what you`re saying , the incredible anxiety , and excitement , and adrenaline rush of being an astronaut , coming back from a space mission .
You`re a hero in this country ; then you settle into regular life , regular , emphasis on regular .
I think maybe sometimes people unwittingly seek out danger and excitement to fill that spot .
With us is Jonathan Clark , friend of Lisa Nowak` s .
Where are her children tonight ?
Well , I mean , I` m sure they`re with ...
With the dad ?
... with their dad .
They live in Houston .
Actually , NAS A` s kind of put out the protective custody police and security people , guarding some of the families to keep the press and other people away .
So I` m sure they`re , you know , in isolation with their...
So NASA would actually send out security to protect the family ?
Oh , I think they certainly did that during the shuttle missions .
They actually do it while the crew are away .
And in a situation like this , where there` s a lot of press coverage , this kind of thing would happen .
