One hundred inches of snow blankets parts of New York State .
There 's even more in the forecast .
And we 'll have a special report .
Stay with us .
New York 's governor has declared a state of disaster emergency in Oswego County , where the snow has been relentless since Sunday .
Now , the Oswego County airport is closed .
Residents are being warned of extremely hazardous travel conditions .
High winds created huge drifts , whiteouts , closed roads , schools , brought most everyday activities to an absolute standstill .
Rob Marciano reports from Oswego , New York -- Rob .
Kitty , here along the frozen shores of Lake Ontario , the winds continue to howl .
The snow today not all that bad .
But that 's likely to change .
Take a look at this .
Over the past couple of weeks with this cold air mass , waves have been rolling in , and ice and snow mounds have been building up along the shoreline like -- like sand dunes .
And then today with the winds whipping , it 's been like a sandstorm with snow .
Wind-chills have been below zero .
And then over here you see chunks of ice rolling along the swell .
Beyond that , white caps , big breakers , 10 , 12-foot seas rolling in .
And that 's the culprit .
That temperature in that water in the upper 30s in Lake Ontario .
Then you 've got this bitterly cold air mass overhead .
That gets that lake-effect machine going , and it looks like it 's going to continue to crank up again this weekend .
Another two feet possible on top of the six to eight feet we 've already seen .
Lake-effect snow warnings remain in effect until Monday morning .
Kitty , back to you .
Rob Marciano reporting .
Now the whirlwind of fundraising for the 2008 presidential campaign is under way and candidates are taking a different approach to funds their campaigns without running afoul of the finance campaign laws .
Bill Schneider reports .
How far are you going ?
About 30 years .
Could campaign finance be headed back to the future ?
It 's expected that 2008 will be the first presidential election since 1972 where both party nominees will reject public funding .
Instead , they 'll raise private money , and spend as much as it takes .
Fred Wertheimer , the president of the reform group Democracy 21 remembers the days before campaign financing reform .
FRED WERTHEIMER , PRESIDENT , DEMOCRACY 21 : Huge sums of money were being raised .
And government decisions and government jobs were being provided in return .
I mean , the government was for sale .
Wertheimer describes what was going on in President Nixon 's re-election committee .
You know , and everyone wanted to give cash then .
I mean , they were flying in from all over the country .
Literally with satchels of cash .
Why cash ?
You could literally bribe someone with the cash .
If the person got caught with the cash .
They could simply say it was a campaign contribution , and since they did n't have to disclose it , you could n't refute it .
Could it happen again ?
Even the conservative estimates are you have to raise $ 100 million to enter the stakes .
I think that opens all kinds of possibility for special interest money that may have an effect ultimately on a candidate .
SCHNEIDE
