Tom Vilsack , the former governor of Iowa , thanks for coming in .
Thank you .
And still ahead here on " Late Edition , " new warnings that Iran is boosting the violence next door in Iraq .
Analysis from a panel of intelligence experts .
And later , for our North American viewers , at 1:00 p.m. Eastern , John Roberts talks to Christiane Amanpour in the Iranian capital on " This Week At War . "
" Late Edition " will be right back .
Let 's take a look and see what 's on the cover of this week 's major news magazines here in the United States .
" Time " magazine shows the secretary of state with the headline " Back to Reality : Why Iraq and Iran Are Forcing Condoleezza Rice To Rethink U.S. Foreign Policy . "
" Newsweek " magazine has Paris Hilton and Britney Spears on the cover .
The " Girls Gone Wild " effect .
That 's what they 're calling it .
And " U.S. News & World Report " trumpets " Overselling Ethanol : Is It Really The Answer ? "
There 's much more ahead here on " Late Edition . "
Could Ralph Nader tip the balance of power ?
I 'll ask him whether he 's ready to jump back into presidential politics .
And is Lebanon losing ground ?
Could the country slide into civil war ?
I 'll talk about it with the former president of Lebanon , Amine Gemayel .
He 'll join us live right here on " Late Edition . "
This is " Late Edition , " the last word in Sunday talk .
I listened to many members here .
I listened to members of my own party .
I listened to the military and came up with a plan that I generally believe has the best chance of succeeding .
President Bush stands by his decision to send more troops into Iraq even as the voices against the war get louder .
We cannot stand by quietly and silently and allow him to escalate this war .
I think it 's time to get our troops out of that country .
SEN.
BARACK OBAMA , D-ILL. : A war that should have never been waged , led by leaders who have no plan to end it .
But how can these critics get the White House to listen ?
We 'll talk to one of the most outspoken opponents of the war , former presidential candidate , Ralph Nader .
We are not planning for a war with Iran .
Iran is trying to increase its influence in the Middle East .
How should the U.S. respond ?
Insight from our expert panel , former CIA deputy director John McLaughlin , former CIA officer Robert Bear , and New York Times chief military correspondent Michael Gordon .
And will the violence in Iraq lead to a wider war in the region ?
Former Lebanese President Amine Gemayel on the threat from Hezbollah , the chance of civil war in Lebanon , and the tragic loss of his son .
Live from CNN in Washington , this is " Late Edition " with Wolf Blitzer .
Welcome back .
We 'll get former presidential candidate Ralph Nader 's take on the war in Iraq in just a moment .
First , though , let 's check in with CNN 's Fredricka Whitfield for a quick look at what 's in the news right now -- Fred .
Thanks very much , Fred .
