OK .
That was -- you know what ?
That was one of the worst things I`ve ever seen .
From a so-called conservative .
Absolutely .
Geraldo Rivera , he could n` t and would n`t , allow anything to be said about this , except that it was racist .
Absolutely .
Our member could not get a word in edgewise .
And I mean , as far as I know , there` s no race of illegal immigrants .
Our event yesterday , it was not an anti-immigration event .
It was not an anti-foreigner event .
It was an anti-illegal immigration event .
And illegal immigration is a federal crime , which a strong argument can be made undermines the economy , undermines the security of this nation and furthermore is also bad for the illegal immigrant .
One of the things I say to people on the street when they call me a racist , I say to them , you know , I am the grandchild of four legal immigrants , two of whom fled the Nazis in Poland .
So I do n` t need a lecture on racism and immigration from anybody .
Now , my grandparents came to this country legally , made a life for themselves in this country , which you have today with illegal immigrants .
They`re coming over to this country .
They`re undocumented , so they ca n` t make minimum wage .
You have these people living in fear of going to the police when they`re wrong , living in fear of going to a medical clinic when they`re sick , living in fear of taking advantage of any of the social amenities in this country because they`re afraid of being deported .
Now , who is that bad for ?
That` s bad for the immigrant , in addition to the country .
Now when you say that to somebody , they`ll look at you and say you`re a Republican .
You`re a racist .
You do n` t care about these people .
You only care about rich , white people .
Right .
David , first of all , I mean , that was -- I mean , that was incredible .
Thank you .
You college students just piss me off , because I was never that smart when I -- well , I` m not that smart now .
But that` s a different story .
Why do you suppose it always comes down to racist hate-mongering bigot ?
Well , the bottom line is , Glenn , they`ve got nothing else to say .
Last night , a New York network invited us on for a round table discussion , and they`d already slated two of the students who`d organized the protest to be on .
Now , the students who organized the protest were under the impression that they were going to be on by themselves .
When told that we were going to be on with them , they backed out .
They were afraid to come on and debate us .
The bottom line is when you cannot rationally defend your position -- and there really is no rational defense for illegal immigration -- you resort to name-calling .
It` s childish and it` s shameful .
So what is -- what` s going on from here now ?
What -- what` s the fallout for the young Republican club ?
Well , it` s -- it` s the College Republicans .
We`re not affiliated with the New York Young Republicans .
I want to make that clear .
