And we 're going to be talking about gadgets that make your life easier .
There 's also the competing Mac World Exposition in San Francisco .
That 's where Mac will unveil all its gadgets , and we can expect to see ...
Also very cool and very much for geeks , actually .
I 'll be missing both of those .
I 'll be in Detroit .
Because you want to be in Detroit in January ...
I 'll be with the cars , yes .
... as opposed to Vegas .
VELSH
That 's right .
We need to talk about that a little bit later .
Yes .
I can help you work that out .
Ahead this morning , much on the very good breaking news we 've had to give you this morning .
Off the coast of Chile , the American sailor alone and adrift finally found safe and sound .
He is rescued .
Plus , from mysterious gold rocks to supposed UFOs , things are falling out of the sky all over the place .
Did Chicken Little have it right ?
We 'll take a look straight ahead on AMERICAN MORNING.
New pictures coming in to us this morning of that sailor rescued off the coast of Chile overnight .
We 're going to bring them to you straight ahead .
Your home at risk , foreclosures at an all-time high .
How it 's affecting the real estate market and turning the tables on some families ' American dream .
And it 's practicability a city full of heroes .
Two more New Yorkers save a life .
This time , they save the life of a toddler who falls off a fourth-floor fire escape .
We 'll hear from one of the good Samaritans straight ahead this morning .
Good morning .
Welcome back , everybody .
It 's Friday , January 5th .
I 'm Soledad O'Brien in New York .
Good morning , John .
Good morning to you , Soledad .
I 'm John Roberts in our Washington bureau , in for Miles O'Brien this week .
Thanks for joining us on this Friday morning .
Let 's begin with breaking news , that rescue at sea .
Search teams have reached 47-year-old Ken Barnes off the coast of Chile , happened just a couple of hours ago .
Barnes , you 'll remember was attempting to sail around the world alone when he ran into a big storm .
AMERICAN MORNING 's Chris Lawrence is in Newport Beach , California for us this morning .
Great , great news to start our half hour with .
Good morning , Chris .
CHRIS LAWRENCE , CNN CORRESPONDEN
Yes , the best news of all , Soledad .
You know , and Ken Barnes was nursing a leg injury and running low on supplies , so this rescue came just at the right time .
We have some new pictures now to bring you of the actual rescue , still pictures of the Chilean fishing vessel that picked him up just a few hours ago .
It 's the Polar Peska I ( ph ) , and it is now heading back to shore to Chile , and it was guided into Ken Barnes ' location by the Chilean Navy surveillance plane .
And again , Ken Barnes is now onboard .
He is getting the opportunity to receive some medical attention .
And he should be onshore some time this weekend , but his family is n't ready to celebrate just yet .
