All right .
Thanks Jen .
There 's a lot more to come here on IN THE MONEY .
Up next , small print .
The " Wall Street Journal " has lost a little heft .
And that is one sign of an industry under pressure .
We will look at the future of the newspaper business , and back to school .
Find out how a former teacher from Boston wound up bringing education to students in Africa .
This week CNN 's very own parent company , Time Warner laid off more than 250 employees in its print division .
The cuts are a part of a growing trend throughout the print media business .
So are we really headed towards a day when newspapers go the way of the record player and if so , how will journalism look if Americans turn to the Internet as their main source of news ?
Joining us now is " Washington Post " media critic Howard Kurtz , who also host " Reliable Sources " right here on CNN.
Thanks so much for joining us .
HOWARD KURTZ , MEDIA CRITIC , " RELIABLE SOURCE
" Sure .
All right .
So here 's the question .
Are we looking at a time when basically everyone forgets about newspapers altogether and we 're all going to the Internet or some other way of getting our information ?
What do you think ?
The news has been so depressing I 'm thinking of going in to blogging full-time .
All the arrows are headed south .
Circulation is down , including at this paper .
Our advertising revenue is down , all of those department stores that used to advertise in the paper , make them fat ; half of them have gone out of business .
You can put ads on Craig List for free ; it is hard to compete with free .
But I still love ink on paper .
It is hard for me to accept , as great as the Internet is and as much as we all love surfing it , that there wo n't be some place for the old-fashioned newspaper .
You talked about craigslist and ads for free , but what about free papers ?
You know everyday when you get on the subway , there are at least two guys trying to hand you a free paper .
Is that a trend we 're going to see more of in the future ?
The short answer is , yes .
The " Washington Post " for example the free commuter tabloid has gone up in circulation from 125,000 to 200,000 .
While circulation for the normal paper , the paper you have to pay 35 cents for is down .
But the problem is , that that 's a short truncated thing filled with very short stories and what 's good about newspapers ?
Why should we worry about saving them ?
Because they do reporting .
They gather facts .
They give texture and context and history and all of that , they offer , too often , indulge I think is part of our problem , but I do n't think that , you know it 's hard to read a long story on a computer screen .
Your eyes glaze over after a while .
Howard it is Ali , good to see you again .
You know Stephanie was talking about going the way of the record players .
You know these record players are back for the high-end , the audio files who feel like digital music is too compressed and they really need to hear it the original way .
About four people have high-end record players .
You talk about going to blogging , you have blogging , you have Podcast , and you got breaking news alerts .
Nobody goes to the newspapers for classified or for stock prices anymore .
What is it ?
Is it the analysis ?
