And , Glenn , I am not the first person to be taking that approach .
Martin Luther King Jr. himself was dogged out by those in the black church who said to him , " You are creating needless tension . "
And you know what ?
Instead of walking away with his tail between his legs or begging for forgiveness , he actually wrote in his now famous letter from a Birmingham jail , " I am not afraid of the word tension .
I am earnestly opposed to violent tension , but there` s a type of constructive , non-violent tension that is necessary for growth . "
Back in a minute .
Irshad Manji , unshakable in her Islamic faith , vocal in her belief that it must be reformed .
Do you not think that` s hateful speech ?
She` s the author of " The Trouble with Islam Today " and has a new documentary called " Faith without Fear . "
Her goal : to bring Islam into the 21st century .
She wo n` t let anything stop her message , including death threats .
Back with Irshad Manji .
Irshad , before we went into the break a few minutes ago , you were bringing up Martin Luther King and you said he stood up .
He did .
He was accused of creating needless tension and accused , by the way , not by whites , but by blacks in his own church .
We know how the story ended .
You mean with his assassination ?
Well , but that was n` t the end of the story .
The grander narrative is that people took up the cause and , to this day , civil rights that we have in America are a beacon of hope for so much of the world .
In other words , he` s gone , but his legacy is alive and well .
I do n` t mean to overstate anything , but are you -- in the middle of the night , you`ve had to have these thoughts -- are you willing to have your story end the way his story did ?
Yes .
Where do you find that ?
Glenn , fear is not the absence -- sorry , let me say it better .
Courage is not the absence of fear .
Courage is the recognition that some things are more important than fear , and what` s more important to me is faith , faith not just in the creator , but faith in the capacity of my fellow Muslims to change .
What is your life like ?
You live behind bullet-proof glass .
You know , I was at Kennebunkport with the Bushes , and they have this beautiful house out on Walker` s Point .
And it has this giant chain-link fence right -- I mean , you look at the water through a razor wire chain - link fence .
You`re looking through green glass .
You`ve got boats on Walker` s Point looking at you all of the time .
And I said to George Bush , " How do you live this way , man ?
How do you do it ? "
You are living behind bullet-proof glass .
What is that like ?
If I had my druthers , I would n` t even have the bullet-proof glass at home .
I do it to protect my family , OK ?
But me , Glenn , I do n` t live in fear .
To do that would be to give the enemies of reason and humanity much more ammo than they deserve .
