And so -- but what it did produce was this headline the next day in every paper that said , Senate Republicans block the debate .
And I think that is instructive , because it does tell Americans that Congress , as an institution , as much as people thought the Democrats are taking over , this is a new direction , Congress as an institution is just not equipped to deal with issues like this .
All right .
Well , this is one story that 's not going away .
And as you say , Katty Kay , it is driven by the still strong passions about this war and how we got into it .
Katty Kay , Matthew Felling , Karen Tumulty , thanks very much for joining us .
Up next , FOX vows to take on CNBC for business supremacy .
And later , from Sunday morning talk show host , to star witness , Tim Russert on the hot seat at the Scooter Libby trial .
Also , the mayor of San Francisco having an affair with an aide , heading into rehab .
Why Arianna Huffington does n't think that 's much of a story .
Time now for the latest from the news business in our " Media Minute . "
Jeff Zucker has been ticketed for big things at NBC ever since he became executive producer of the " Today " show at the age of 26 .
This week , the network announced , to no one 's great surprise , that Zucker will succeed Robert Wright as head of NBC Universal Television , making him the first person from the news division to ascend to the top job .
We got a lot of e-mail this week saying we 've been too hard on CNBC 's Maria Bartiromo in that flap about whether she had gotten too cozy with an executive with Citigroup .
But Rupert Murdoch says the network 's problem is that it 's too antagonistic toward business , too quick to leap on every scandal .
Murdoch confirmed that he will enter the arena by launching a FOX business network by the end of the year .
We wanted to be a little bit more business friendly , I think , than CNBC has been .
There 's just an atmosphere to it that 's a little bit negative , I think .
Fair and balanced coverage of the corporate world ?
Well , never underestimate Murdoch .
Ahead in the second half of RELIABLE SOURCES , NBC 's Tim Russert was the one getting grilled this week in the Scooter Libby trial .
Plus , free speech philandering and flying .
John Edwards ' inflammatory bloggers , Gavin Newsom 's San Francisco sex scandal , and Nancy Pelosi 's costly plane are all fodder for our blogging guests , Glenn Reynolds and Arianna Huffington .
All that after a check of the hour 's top stories from the CNN Center in Atlanta .
Welcome back .
Tim Russert took the witness stand in the Scooter Libby perjury trial this week , and Libby 's lawyer suggested that he might have it in for the former Dick Cheney aide , playing a clip from " Imus in the Morning " shortly before the indictment was announced .
TIM RUSSERT , HOST , " MEET THE PRESS" : It was like Christmas Eve here last night .
You know , Santa Claus is coming tomorrow .
Surprises -- what 's going to be under the tree ?
