Yes .
It was really a surprise , I think , after that to think that that would ever happen again .
And it happened again in December , American Airlines .
Because many people thought it was so bad that it would never happen again .
Which was her flight .
And yes , then her flight .
Well , maybe things will change .
It 's 25 minutes now after the hour .
Howard Stern and Oprah could soon come together , on the radio , at least .
Ali Velshi " Minding Your Business " this morning .
What 's up , Ali ?
Good morning .
Well , we are looking at this proposed merger of XM and Sirius Radio .
Until now , for subscribers of Sirius Satellite Radio , you chose probably based on which -- who you wanted to listen to .
So if you liked Howard Stern or Martha Stewart or NBA or NFL or NHL , or NASCAR , you went over to Sirius .
If you liked Oprah or Major League Baseball , you went to XM.
They both charge about $ 13 a month .
Now they want to get together .
And what 's that going to do for you ?
Well , it 's about a $ 11.5 billion merger , and it 's being called a merger of equals because both Sirius and XM will own 50 percent of the company .
The current chairman of XM will be the chairman of the company .
The current CEO of Sirius , Mel Karmazin , who used to run Viacom , will be the CEO of the new company .
Now , the deal is supposed to be done by the end of 2007 .
What 's unclear is what this is going to mean for subscribers .
You 'll probably have to get a new device if this deal goes through to catch both satellite providers , or whatever the new satellite provider is going to be .
But the FCC is going to take a very close look at this to see whether the ability to get all of these stations is going to end up costing the consumer more , as opposed to the $ 12.95 that they 're paying for each service right now .
Bank of America this morning in a research note says that it gives it a less than 50 percent chance of happening .
Merrill Lynch is saying it 's possible , but the National Association of Broadcasters is opposing this .
Really , the market tends to be the first better on these things , and both stocks are up in premarket trade .
We 'll see how that develops .
Obviously , premarket trade is n't as robust as trade that starts at 9:30 Eastern , when the stock market opens .
So we 'll be following that .
This story 's been out for a few days .
We 'll see how the market reacts to it once it opens .
Back to you guys .
Want to put some money on it ?
I 'm going to guess consumers pay more .
Oh , I think you 're probably right .
The money -- whether the deal goes through , I think consumers are going to pay more any way -- any way you cut it .
Well , that I do n't know .
But if it does , consumers are going to pay more .
Yes .
