The personal lives of the characters are drawn into the show as well .
Yes , yes .
On the balance , on the scale , it 's more ...
I know .
But do you think that adds to the appeal ?
That we learn more about them ?
Well , particularly , I think , Kiefer 's character because he is a human being in this incredibly difficult work that he does .
To me that 's what balances the show how out .
We have the fear of terrorism and all of that .
But we also watch a man , a real man , have to grapple with being that kind of person .
And so to me , it 's a one - two punch .
It really gives the show depth .
So you 've got that draw , you 've got that " Give me more " adrenaline .
And you 've got this pathos of this character .
Ricky , is it tough to come into a successful show ?
You did it twice .
That 's correct .
They made me feel so welcome here when I first showed up .
I really felt like I was included .
It was just a smooth transition for me .
With " NYPD" there was more -- I think people expected more failure out of me .
But when I jumped into that to replace a loved character like Jimmy Smits .
Where this I was n't replacing anybody , I was just coming in ...
A new character .
A new character .
You told me something , Kiefer , during the break .
The show is a bigger hit out of the United States ?
Yes .
I mean , it 's -- and not to diminish its success here in the U.S. , but the thing that has always amazed me from the beginning was from Japan , Korea , Australia , South Africa , Central -- South America , Europe , all around the world this show had transcended language barriers , which is a very difficult thing to do .
You 're talking about why you think that it might click with an audience .
And it goes back to its origin .
And its origin is that of a thriller .
And there are some very key components to a thriller , but the number one component is you have to , A) care about the characters that are involved and that there is a threat to those characters .
And the writers have managed to utilize those two components with this time component , the real time component , which I really do believe has put the genre on its ear , so to speak .
And I think all of those things combined , with the intimacy of the characters as they have developed over the six years , has led to not only the show crossing those language and cultural barriers -- because there is a sense , a feeling that I have heard from people as they describe what they like about the show because obviously , it 's of interest to us .
We would love to know why an audience is clicking with it because that 's what we want to be able to give them .
And that 's the one thing that I have heard more than anything , is that it makes them sit on the edge of their seat .
And that has to be a number of things conspiring with itself and with each other to make that happen .
And I think the writers have really figured out how to learn from each season to progress forward .
And I think we have , hopefully , as well .
