Consider that more than two-thirds of the players in the league are black , but just six head coaches are black , less than one-fifth .
Some see that as disappointing racial inequality .
But others point out , that 's a big jump from five years ago , when the league had just two black head coaches .
What the black coaches are facing , have been facing , is that they have to be superstars to even be considered .
Cyrus Mehri is a civil rights attorney who , with the late Johnnie Cochran , wrote a report in 2002 which criticized the league for not providing opportunities for blacks .
So many very talented former players who were -- were denied an opportunity to get into football and coaching or front office as a scout .
And , so , these doors were closed .
In 2003 , the doors began to open wider , after the NFL adopted a rule which requires teams to interview minority candidates whenever a head coaching job opens up .
Marvin Lewis , head coach of the Cincinnati Bengals , believes the new rules are making a difference .
It 's forced people to dig a little deeper , to look a little further , and to make sure that they are really taking the opportunity to understand and get to know where the qualified people are .
Some hope Sunday 's game will have a lasting impact , that the image of two black men leading teams in America 's biggest game will send an inspiring message to anyone who has a dream of playing or coaching in the NFL .
What I think blacks are excited about is an opportunity to -- that the sky 's the limit .
And , now , with Lovie and Tony having reached the pinnacle game , I think , for young coaches , for our sons , it gives them something to shoot for .
Keith Oppenheim , CNN, Miami .
Time to bring in our " Out in the Open " panel now , Stephen A. Smith , ESPN analyst and sports columnist for " The Philadelphia Inquirer , " attorney and conservative columnist Debbie Schlussel , and Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist Karen Hunter , who is a journalism professor at Hunter College in New York .
Welcome back .
What took so long for blacks to become head coaches on NFL teams ?
SMIT
Well , I think , if you 're going to make an argument for racism , this would be the perfect time .
I mean , it was n't until the late '80s that the first African- American coach was in the NFL in Art Shell .
The reality is , you got that good-old-boy network that did n't have -- that did n't involve inclusion .
They were n't interested in including anybody of African- American descent .
And they were called on it .
Thank the good lord that you have got people in there .
You have got the Rooney Rule that was instituted that forces these teams to interview an African- American coach and consider them .
And thank goodness that , you know , it ended up happening in a positive way , because you had seven African-American head coaches this year .
Two of them were fired at the end of the season , in Shell and Dennis Green , deservedly so .
Sorry .
I got to call it straight .
They did a horrible job .
They did n't get the job done .
