Hey , Ed , did you like playing with ice when you were a kid ?
Minneola 's mayor , David Yeager , is being charitable , while also helping out Florida taxpayers .
That 's because for the last year , they 've been paying $ 90,000 a month to store ice .
The state has some 200 truckloads of ice to get rid of .
On each truck there are 22 pallets of ice , and on each pallet , some 360 bags .
After two brutal hurricane seasons that saw even the president and his brother , then Florida 's governor , handing out ice ...
Can I give you some ice ?
... this past hurricane season , state officials were determined to have plenty on hand .
It sounded like a great idea .
Only one problem -- no hurricanes hit .
So now , before the ice goes bad , the state is giving it away to any municipality or nonprofit that wants it .
We 're reaching the point where if we do n't get people to take it -- and we 've had a few , not a lot , but a few people that have had some use for that -- then what we 'll do is let it go ahead and melt .
Which is exactly what 's happening back in Minneola .
The mayor ordered 15 truckloads .
Some went to the residents , but most came here to a park .
I was going to say , we could stand here and watch the ice melt , but that 's going to take a while , is n't it ?
How much time do you have ?
Drought has left the area bone dry , the water table low .
The mayor 's idea was n't based on any science , just the thought .
I thought it was a great opportunity to let it seep into the aquifer .
And in the big scheme of things , will 70,000 gallons do anything ?
Not truly , but it 's my little helping hand .
As for the state , it 's out of the ice business .
Bottled water will be stockpiled instead .
John Zarrella , CNN, Minneola , Florida .
( END VIDEOTAPE )
So how would you like it if you drove by a billboard and it said , " Hey you , I 'm talking to you .
Buy this . "
Or whatever .
Twenty-five minutes past the hour , Ali Velshi is actually equipped with the technology which could make this happen .
Are n't you , Ali ?
In that accent ?
This is a story about RFID , radio frequency ID chips .
You know , they 're used everywhere .
It 's toll booths , when you pay for your gas , those access cards .
When you -- you know , you put a little chip into your dog to make sure it could be found if it gets lost .
Well , you may remember , Miles ...
Yes .
... you know something about me and ( INAUDIBLE ) chips .
I do remember this .
I have one in my arm .
Just so we do n't lose you .
I 'm a human -- yes , you can find me wherever you are .
Well , now there 's this new campaign -- advertising campaign that 's been launched by Mini USA , the makers of the Mini Cooper .
Now , you 'll see this when you 're driving in New York , Miami , San Francisco , and Chicago .
They are these billboards that change -- they change what 's on them based on an RFID chip that 's in the key fob of the owner 's car .
So here 's how it works .
