That brings us to the subject of our poll tonight .
Do you believe the United States should have a policy response to the alliance between Latin American countries and Iran ?
Yes or no ?
Cast your vote at loudobbs.com .
We 'll have the results here later .
And in another move against U.S. interests , Honduras will take temporary control of foreign-owned oil storage terminals in that country .
The move part of a government import program meant to drive down fuel prices .
The Honduran president ordered the move after failing to reach a deal with ExxonMobil and Chevron to rent the terminals .
The president says it is not a nationalization , it 's a temporary use of the storage tanks through a lease and payment of a reasonable price .
Time now for some of your thoughts .
Joe in Iowa , " Lou , our family , composed of hard rock conservatives , voted against our Republican representatives in November and we are now abandoning President Bush .
The reason has nothing to do with Iraq .
It has solely to do with the president 's failure to protect our border and his call for amnesty for the illegal aliens .
Siding with Mexico 's illegal drug cartel and one of its big drug dealers against U.S. border agents , the last straw . "
Shawn in Kansas .
" Hi , Lou .
The president expects us to pardon his mistakes , but he wo n't pardon two Border Patrol agents who should be getting medals , not prison sentences . "
Send us your thoughtless at loudobbs.com .
Each of you whose e- mail is read here receives a copy of my book " War on the Middle Class . "
Up next , state-sponsored terrorism .
A rising nuclear program just part of the growing threat to this country from Iran .
I 'll be talking with one of the foremost authorities on Iran , the author of an important new book , Alireza Jafarzadeh .
And what is going on right now with race relations in America ?
The Reverend Jesse Jackson will be here to share his thoughts as we honor Martin Luther King .
And a deadly winter storm .
Dozens are dead , hundreds of thousands without power .
We 'll have the very latest on a deadly storm that is headed across the East .
Stay with us .
Much of the nation tonight finds itself in the deadly grip of winter .
Waves of freezing rain , sleet and snow have caused 36 deaths in six states and that front is now bearing down on the northeast .
Bill Tucker reports .
Crews are working furiously to restore power to more than 300,000 homes in Missouri .
The states governor declaring a state of emergency , and calling out the National Guard .
Six people have died as a result of weather in Missouri .
In Oklahoma , the storms have been blamed for 15 deaths .
Several communities have lost power .
And President Bush has declared a state of emergency for Oklahoma .
In Texas , the governor 's inauguration parade was canceled .
Across the country , celebrations of Martin Luther King day were canceled because of the weather .
It 's an el Nino winter , but meteorologists warn that does n't mean it 's not winter .
