If it` s something really egregious , maybe you should just shut up and not offer an explanation .
Because maybe the explanation is the most obvious one , and you do n` t want to go there .
But still , there are celebs who did go there when they were arrested for driving while under the influence .
We are , of course , talking about Paris Hilton , whose excuse was she was exhausted .
And besides , she only had one drink .
And then there was her " Simple Life " co-star , Nicole Richie , who told police she was taking Vicodin for stomach cramps when she was pulled over for driving erratically .
I think we cannot continually be using menstrual cramps as an excuse .
And when you use it for that , it makes it hard to use it for smaller things .
Yes .
Like murder .
Right .
While never arrested for DUI , Britney Spears did get in trouble when she was caught driving with her baby son Sean Preston perched precariously on her lap instead of in a car seat .
Her excuse : she was being chased by the paparazzi .
I do n` t know how it helps to have your child in your lap .
I ca n` t have my purse in my lap and drive .
You going to put your baby in your lap ?
Yes .
What if he slides off down between the pedals , Britney ?
That` s why that safety seat .
And they call it that .
Yes .
Your child` s safety seat .
And has n` t Britney learned by now that taking a backseat and passing on a poor excuse is best for your career ?
Very often , a poor excuse is worse than no excuse .
I mean , it really becomes laughable .
And in this era of blogs and this era of YouTube , the bad excuses get played again and again and again , and actually are a lot amusing than what happened in the first place .
And to this day , SHOWBIZ TONIGHT is still waiting for Britney to give us an excuse - any excuse - for her now-infamous video shot by her soon-to-be-ex Kevin Federline .
Ah , Britney , when you burp , you are supposed to say , " Excuse me . "
Britney` s latest excuse ?
Britney Spears` publicist tells SHOWBIZ TONIGHT she did n` t pass out on New Year` s Eve at a night club in Las Vegas because she was drunk .
No, no .
But rather , she was - quote - "tired and falling asleep . "
Ah , of course she was .
Well , Whitney Houston and Britney Spears are both shaping up to the comeback kids of 2007 .
But it seems Whitney is the favorite here .
Listen to this : in a " USA Today " Gallup poll , 41 percent of those polled said they hoped Whitney would make a comeback .
But only 17 percent can say the same thing about Britney .
And it looks like Whitney fans may get their wish .
Between dumping Bobby Brown and bouncing back from drug problems , Houston is slowly overcoming her career problems .
We here at SHOWBIZ TONIGHT have a little bit of advice on exactly how she can take some more steps .
With her divorce to Bobby Brown in the works , it looks like Whitney Houston is finally trying to get ahead with her life , and put the past behind her .
