Mr. King , I hope you can understand I 'm kind of limited , under the Missouri rules of ethics .
I ca n't give you too much information , because I have got to try to protect Mr. Devlin , so he can have a fair trial .
All I can tell you is that we have filed charges based on evidence that we have received , that you 're going to have to let the legal process play out .
I understand .
I 'm sure , at some point , that you will see all the information that comes .
But I 'm not trying to -- to hide anything from anybody .
I understand .
We have just got to be fair .
His attorneys have said they will definitely seek a change of venue .
Will you fight that ?
Unfortunately , because Washington County is a small third - class rural county , under the Missouri rules of procedure , they are automatically entitled to a change of venue , irregardless of press coverage ...
Oh .
... or whatever .
So , I cannot fight a change of venue .
The issue , obviously , is going to be , if they do that , where is the venue going to land ?
I -- I got you .
Shannon , your daughter went missing .
And we understand that , after Michael Devlin 's arrest , authorities questioned you about your daughter .
Is there any connection here between your daughter and Devlin ?
What I understand is that it 's possible that Devlin may have been studying Bianca 's case , and may have participated in the search for her .
Have you had any leads at all about Bianca ?
Actually , " America 's Most Wanted " has called the sheriff 's department , and told us that there were four new leads that came through after Shawn and Ben were found in the next state , in Illinois , next to us .
Does Shawn and Ben being found increase your hopes ?
TANNE
Absolutely .
Our family was starting to lose hope , but this has renewed our spirits and made us eager and excited to go out there and try to find Bianca .
What was she doing on that rural road ?
Bianca was trying to work off some energy .
She had requested to take the walk , because she did n't want to do the dishes .
And there was a little argument .
We did n't want her to go , but we thought maybe it was best she knew what was -- that she needed to calm herself down .
How do you deal with it day by day ?
Well , it 's really hard to deal with .
I wake up , and that 's the first thing I think about .
And , before I go to sleep , it 's the last thing I think about , hoping that my daughter is safe , wherever she is at .
She just disappeared while walking ?
Yes .
Within 15 minutes , when she had n't walked in the door , we were out on the road , looking for her .
And there was just no sign of her .
John , are these tough cases to prosecute ?
That 's hard for me to answer .
Yes , they can be very difficult cases to -- to prosecute .
They are very difficult on victims , especially when you have children as victims .
Sometimes , the court process can actually be almost as traumatic as the events that the perpetrator is charged with .
That 's why we -- we are trying to ease through this as slowly as we can , to try to get Shawn prepared , and not try to rush into anything .
