Well , they 've gone back , they did multiple studies looking at that the and even just antidotaly , just look at the presidents of the United States for the part , it is up for debate , but some people thank god they 're smart and successful guys , they have been for the most part above average height .
Only about five of them have been pretty far below average CEOs studies have shown are also taller as well .
So there is a lot of evidence out there showing that taller people make more money .
There are exceptions to the rule .
Napoleon , a whole variety .
And these kinds of studies cut both ways .
I like to think that I do well not because I 'm tall but maybe I bring other goods to the game too .
The height thing , though , it is n't just about how tall you are .
What attributes you have from being tall , they think it is self - esteem and self-confidence .
It is also how tall you were when you were 16 .
You were 16 because it is when exactly you were forming your identity .
So people that were short when they were 16 and had a growth spurt at 18 they 're left out of the boost in pay .
It is still pretty shocking ; I think that we like to think that we 've come a long way .
That we judge people on their results and their effectiveness .
Especially at work where so many ways to measure it .
When you look at something like this .
I feel almost discouraged like you want to go out and do something .
Well , you can do something to keep this in your bottom line .
That 's to keep going to school .
That 's what all the studies show .
Interesting stuff .
Thanks Jen .
Coming up turning the page , we 'll talk to the founder of Black Enterprise Magazine about how his company is driving change in the workplace .
Also ahead , love is stronger than labels .
We 'll hear from former defense secretary William Cohen on a marriage that shattered societies barriers .
Also ahead , concrete results , meet a south Bronx activist who is bringing green actism to the inner city .
Now in the news , within the next half hour , Senate Democrats hope to repeat the victory of their house colleagues , they 're expected to take up a non-binding resolution , opposing the president 's plan on sending additional combat troops to Iraq .
U.S. Secretary of State Condoleeza Rice is now in Israel after doing damage control during a surprise to Baghdad .
Rice told Iraqi leaders that despite the critics in Washington the American people honor the sacrifice of U.S. soldiers in Iraq .
First step toward burial , the body of Anna Nicole Smith is embalmed ; her mother and her long time partner are still fighting over where Smith will be buried .
And also fighting over her estate and who gets custody of her daughter .
Sheered and tattooed bop star Britney Spears has a shiny new do or lack there of and two tiny tattoos .
It is the latest in a string of attention getting stunts pulled by Spears since the beginning of the year .
