Coming up on AMERICAN MORNING , it is Fashion Week in New York City .
And our own fashionista , Alina Cho , is live in the middle of it all .
She could n't be happier .
Look at that smile .
It 's her favorite assignment every year .
Hello , Alina .
Hi there , Miles .
Behind the scenes , though , the real big story is business .
Big business .
I 'll have much more on this live from the tents when AMERICAN MORNING continues .
Welcome back to the most news in the morning .
Green is the new black , they say .
At least during Fashion Week in New York City .
Green , as in money .
Fashion Week makes more than $ 200 million for New York City .
Alina Cho goes behind the seams for us this morning .
She 's at the tents at Bryant Park in New York .
Hey .
Good morning .
Hey .
Good morning , Soledad .
First and foremost , Fashion Week is all about fashion .
But , as you mentioned , it is also a huge moneymaker for the city of New York .
It 's why major corporations come here .
They road-test their products .
And it 's also made the careers of more than a few famous designers .
It 's a spectacle and some might say superficial , but Fashion Week is big business .
It 's made Gilles Mendel 's career .
I think I 'm , like , the best example , where , you know , my dream came true , and really a large part of my success is thanks to the shows .
CH
Before he started showing in the tents two years ago , Mendel was known as a furrier .
He wanted the public to see he could make more than just coats .
Very nice .
So he crafted a collection for the runway .
Each show costs him $ 400,000 -- and that 's twice a year .
What he gets back is priceless .
All the press all over the world take all those pictures and print them in every magazine , on the Internet , all over the world .
Those pictures sell clothes .
In two years , Mendel 's business has multiplied from $ 5 million a year to $ 30 million a year .
It 's not just designers .
Mercedes-Benz spends millions to be Fashion Week 's title sponsor .
There are many others , including MAC Cosmetics , which supplies makeup and services to most of the shows .
Why do they get involved ?
In a word , branding .
From runway to real ( ph ) way .
I mean , really what you see is inspiration , looking forward to trends in the future , yet the reality of it is you 're seeing makeup created right now .
In some ways , it 's an easy sell .
One hundred thousand people come to the tents during Fashion Week , and the fashion crowd is a captive audience .
They stay in good hotels .
Fine restaurants .
They go to the best restaurants .
They check out every new restaurant .
They go shopping .
They know how to spend money .
They like to spend money .
Fashion Week generates an estimated $ 235 million for New York City over just eight days .
Good for the economy , good for business , and very good for Gilles Mendel .
The runway show has really transformed completely my company .
And I really give thanks to those runway shows .
You know , really living a dream .
