Welcome back , everybody .
It 's Monday , February 19th .
I 'm Soledad O'Brien .
I 'm John Roberts .
President 's Day -- in for Miles O'Brien this morning .
Good morning to you .
Here 's what 's happening this morning .
Now let 's take to you to that rescue mission that 's under way right now in Oregon .
Crews are trying to save three climbers who fell off a ledge in Oregon 's snowy Mt .
Hood on Sunday .
Russell Gubele is the commanding officer with Mt .
Wave Search and Rescue .
He 's with us by phone this morning .
Nice to talk to you , sir .
I know you 're busy , so thank you very much for your time .
You 've got three climbers out there , one man , two women .
I know you 've had a little bit of contact with them .
Do you know exactly where they are ?
Have you been able to pinpoint that ?
Yes , we were .
Good morning , Soledad .
We have pinpointed the location where they are , and we have been in contact with them on their cell phone .
They are currently staying in their position .
They 're in sleeping bags .
They have a black Labrador with them , helping keeping them warm .
We have a team right now from the 304th Rescue Squadrons from the Air Force that 's coming up from the bottom of the White River Canyon .
And during the night , we have teams try to come in from the top , and we also have had teams that repelled over the side .
The conditions here are just really terrible .
And ...
Yes , we can see in some of the pictures that the conditions just in this videotape looks pretty bad .
What condition are they in ?
Have they been able to update you on what kind of shape they 're in ?
I mean , are they going to be able to help in their own rescue ?
They are .
They are doing fine .
Both of them had some minor head injuries and they 're cold , but they are OK .
And they 're all conscious , and we 've talk to them , and they 're -- under the circumstances , they 're doing remarkably well .
You know , Chad was telling us that you guys are expecting a foot , maybe two feet of snow coming in the next 24-plus hours or so .
What is the day -- once the sunlight comes up , what 's the day going to look like for you ?
Well , we 've got other problems , too , besides that snow that you just mentioned .
And that is avalanche hazard is extremely high later on Monday afternoon .
And we want to get this -- get this done well before that .
We 're going to have a huge effort here in just a couple of hours .
Besides those folks that have been trying all night to reach them in these , you know , conditions , where there 's zero visibility , there 's going to be a huge effort just in a couple of hours .
We have teams coming in from all over the Northwest that are going to be heading that direction .
Our hope is that within the next few minutes , we can reach these folks , give them some shelter , get them warmed up , and at first light we 'll evacuate them out .
