I then asked what kind of criticism have they received from people who have learned about this through the Web site .
And they said , " We have received 3,600 plus private messages .
They continue to flow at the rate of 200 a day .
Ninety percent plus in support of Ashley 's treatment .
Today , we posted on the Web site some of the 10 percent or so that we 've been able to read .
Many of the support messages are from families who have direct past or present experience with disabled children .
Their testimonies are a real life illustration of the substantial benefits this treatment will bring Ashley and hopefully others . "
The fourth question was , " Why do you choose anonymity for yourselves and your other children but show unobscured pictures of Ashley on your Web site ? "
And they say , " The story is about Ashley . "
Doctor , are you surprised , going by their figures , that it 's 90 percent in favor ?
That does n't surprise me .
That -- I -- the feedback I 've gotten has also been more positive than negative .
It 's not that people do n't recognize that there 's complexity here .
It 's not that people do n't recognize that there is n't the potential to do these things on someone who perhaps it should not be done on .
But I 'm hearing from many , many parents of similarly situated children who are just grateful that someone has been able to respond to what parents really felt was important for the well being of their daughter .
Why was her appendix removed ?
Her appendix was removed for the same reason it 's removed in almost everybody who undergoes abdominal surgery .
That was not a decision that was made any differently for Ashley than anyone who undergoes abdominal surgery .
If you require abdominal surgery , the surgeon will almost certainly ask you for permission to remove the appendix so that there 's no chance you 'll get appendicitis at some point in the future and need it removed for that reason .
Was the other side in your discussions with the ethics committee that you were playing god ?
There are always people who will claim we 're playing god .
We -- we ca n't help but play god in this world and in medicine .
Every time we intervene in the course of patient 's care , we 're playing god .
When we put a child with Attention Deficit Disorder on medication we 're playing god .
When we choose to treat pneumonia , to a certain extent , we 're playing god .
My personal opinion , as somebody who has strong religious beliefs is that god 's intention is that we use the tools we have to do what we think is best for other individuals .
And in this case , that meant asking ourselves whether these three things that the parents were asking for would benefit their daughter and benefit their daughter in a way that justified any potential harm .
We 'll have other distinguished panelists join us .
Dr.
Diekema will remain with us .
We 'll be right back with more of this fascinating story .
Do n't go away .
Ashley has a mysterious brain impairment doctors ca n't fully explain .
She 's never learned how to walk , talk or even sit up by herself .
Nine years later , nothing has changed .
Her doctors say nothing will .
