I - I.
Right .
.was just absolutely shocked when I heard this .
As we all were .
It` s a tragic piece of news .
It` s very tragic .
Dr.
Cyril Wecht , forensic pathologist , thanks again for joining us tonight .
Thank you .
Thank you .
From Pittsburgh , we appreciate it .
Joining me tonight in New York , the senior editor of " People " magazine , J.D. Heyman .
J.D. , I appreciate you being with us .
You know , here at SHOWBIZ TONIGHT our newsroom erupted when the news first came in of Anna Nicole reportedly collapsing in the Florida hotel .
I imagine it sent shockwaves through your place of business at " People " magazine .
J..D. HEYMAN , SENIOR EDITOR , " PEOPLE" MAGAZIN
Absolutely .
I mean , I think people were stunned that this - this had happened .
It was - it was sudden .
You know , I think that there was obviously always this sort of air of tragedy around Anna Nicole Smith .
She had so much misfortune - larger-than- life misfortune .
But it was shocking to hear this so abruptly .
We had heard early on that she was n` t well .
We had gotten some early word that something was going on .
And then , of course , the news of her death was - was very sudden .
So you had known actually prior to the news of her collapsing she was in Florida and in ill health .
Yes .
We had heard that she was ill , and we had heard that was in the hospital .
And then this happened .
So we had some warning that something was going on .
But I think everyone was taken aback at just how quickly these events turned , and that was , you know , officially announced that - you know , she had died .
So much tragedy in her life , as we`ve been discussing , particularly over the last six months , since the birth of her daughter , Danilynn and - and subsequent death three days later of her son , Daniel .
But she was quite a personality , was n` t she ?
Well , really , larger than life .
I mean , after all , this is a person who was famous , really , for being famous .
I mean , she was a beautiful woman ; she was n` t a - stick-thin model .
She - she sort of took , you know , the world on and - and sort of , you know , presented herself as she was - you know , love her or hate her , here she was .
She seemed to have a good time with whatever she did .
She clearly , you know , enjoyed celebrity and - and had all of these really colorful sort of theatrical episodes in her life , whether it was the lawsuits over her - over her former marriage , the situation with her child now - all kinds of things .
And then , of course , everything just taking this horrible , tragic turn .
I mean , it really is cinematic .
It - you could n` t have scripted a more tragic arc .
And - and you highlight a - a good point .
You know , famous for the sake of being famous .
She really was not famous for any particular feat , whether it was in acting - certainly she gained notoriety for being on the cover of so many " Playboy " magazines .
