Well , you know , it 's been shown , Sanjay , in previous research that women did have a greater risk associated with these fine particulate matter pollutants .
However , this particular research study only included women .
So we 're not really sure if this larger effect is just because we 're getting better at the science in terms of measuring pollution and the association with heart disease , or if it 's a true gender difference .
You know , Dr. Mosca , I know you 're a preventive cardiologist .
I 'm always struck by this idea that only one in five physicians even recognize that women and heart disease is such an issue .
What do you say about that ?
Where are we missing the boat here ?
Well , you know , it 's interesting you brought up that study .
That was actually my research paper , a study that I published for the American Heart Association .
And I was absolutely shocked at that .
We 've worked so hard to raise awareness of heart disease in women and we 've come a long way with the public , but it appears we still have a lot of work to do with ourselves , Sanjay .
Even doctors need more education .
Well , let me -- it 's a good point -- let me ask one more question about these particles .
As you 're thinking about it , and people are listening to this , is there anything they can do to protect themselves ?
Are people in urban centers always going to be more at risk than people who live out in the country ?
Well , it was very interesting in this study , that the variation in air pollution that was found within a city was actually greater than what was found between cities .
So , I think , you know , that points out to us that wherever we live there 's probably areas that are more healthy compared to others .
So what I suggest is that my patients and my friends , who tend to -- and myself , you know , when I exercise , I try to go to areas where traffic -- where there 's not heavy traffic .
We know that these fine particles that are in the air , that cause that pollution and that heart disease and stroke , are more likely to be found where there are industrial emissions , where there 's combustion of gas and diesel .
I mean , smog -- we need to pay attention to these levels .
And these can actually be monitored on the Environmental Protection Agency Web site .
Outstanding points .
Dr. Lori Mosca , who is joining us from Florida , by the way , thank you very much for talking with us this morning .
MOSC
You 're welcome .
My pleasure .
Now let 's take a look at more of this week 's headlines , coming up in " The Pulse . "
Researchers report in the " American Journal for Sports Medicine " that youth soccer players had 1.6 million E.R. visits over a 13-year span to 2005 .
They found girls go to the hospital more often for their injuries , but boys are more likely to be admitted .
A report in the journal " Neurology " says that Parkinson 's disease and multiple sclerosis are more common than previously believed .
It 's unclear if more people are suffering from the diseases , or if detection has simply improved .
