Shortly after Saddam Hussein was pulled from his final hiding spot , a six - to eight-foot deep hole in the ground , he was examined by the U.S. military .
Poked and prodded and videotaped up close , these images not only humiliated the despot ; they humanized a man once considered untouchable and one of the most ruthless dictators of our times .
A tyrant who claimed to be a benevolent leader but who in reality slaughtered tens of thousands of people .
Saddam Hussein 's rise to power is soaked in blood .
He would not hesitate to eliminate anybody who endangers him .
Born into poverty and bred on violence , by some reports Hussein became a killer at 19 when he was ordered by his uncle to murder a party official .
In 1959 Hussein and other Ba'ath Party members tried to assassinate the Iraqi prime minister .
Wounded in the attempt , Hussein fled the country .
In 1963 , he married a cousin .
They had three daughters and two sons who would become Hussein 's chief henchmen , Uday and Qusay .
Later , a series of coups culminated in the return to power of his Ba'ath Party .
CON COUGHLIN , AUTHOR , " SADDA
HIS RISE & FALL" : The real importance of Saddam 's role in that coup was establishing in security apparatus that would keep the Ba'ath Party in power .
Hussein 's mentor , Ahmed Hassan Bakir , became president .
For his loyalty , Hussein was given a position on the Revolutionary Command Council .
But he wanted more , and over time he got it .
Saddam accumulated power over a period of 10 to 12 years .
And I think that , you know , the way that that happens is you evidence considerable charm , you evidence an ability to get things done and even very idealistic and ambitious people begin to side with you .
For most of the 1970s , Saddam was the real power behind the throne , and in 1979 the throne was his .
Whether the president left office or was pushed out , Saddam Hussein crowned himself leader of Iraq .
One of the first orders of business : showing Iraqis , and perhaps the world , just how ruthless and cruel he could be .
It is a chilling piece of film .
On July 22nd , 1979 , Hussein convened a meeting of Ba'ath Party officials .
Hundreds sat in an auditorium while the brash cigar chomping president declared that he 'd uncovered a plot to overthrow his regime .
One by one the names of the alleged traitors were called out , and one by one they were pulled from their seats .
At least 22 were executed for a conspiracy that many believe was pure fiction , hatched by Hussein to demonstrate his absolute authority .
While Hussein was quickly securing his strangle hold over Iraq , he was setting his sights beyond the border .
In 1980 he attacked Iran to seize a waterway to the Persian Gulf .
The war dragged on for years .
Before a cease-fire was finally declared , the loss of life was staggering .
Hundreds of thousands on both sides were killed , including wave after wave of unarmed men and young boys .
Through it all and beyond , Hussein 's cult of personality was growing .
At home , in schools across Iraq , his image was everywhere .
His word , final .
His legacy , he assumed , just beginning .
