More party politics now ; it 's the morning after a Hollywood star- studded gala for one of those Democratic candidates .
Our Senior Political Analyst Bill Schneider was there .
First stop , the streets of Los Angeles to say , show me the love .
Then to Hollywood to say , show me the money .
Obama has something that Hollywood is uniquely qualified to recognize , and that 's star power .
Barack Obama is supposed to be the outsider , the scrappy kid who appeals to young people and political newcomers .
I kept saying over and over again that , you know , I 'm hoping .
We 're not sure yet , but I 'm hoping that Barack is going to run .
But for me , like , he is the one that sort of embodies that spirit of Bobby Kennedy of hope and inspiration .
But he 's drawing the ultimate A-list Hollywood crowd to his fundraiser here , which is sponsored by three of the most powerful figures in the movie industry .
LAWRENCE BENDER , PRODUCER , " AN INCONVENIENT TRUTH" : The amount of money they 're raising is equivalent to what a president comes into town and raises , not someone who has just announced .
Think of it as Oscar week for politicos .
There 's a huge amount of money for politics here .
Congress is in recess .
Washington is frozen over .
The primary schedule is earlier than ever , and an important deadline looms .
The more dough you can show , in the first quarterly filing on April 15th , the more credible a candidate you are , and the more you can attract the big , glitzy names who used to go with , say , Hillary Clinton , the more formidable a contender you seem to be .
Does that mean Hillary Clinton is chopped liver in Hollywood ?
Not at all .
People here feel strong loyalty to the Clintons , and many Obama supporters are supporting her , too .
After all , the most you can give a candidate is $ 2,300 .
In Hollywood that 's loose change .
Bill Schneider , CNN, Los Angeles .
Of course , all the day 's political news is available any time day or night at CNN.com/ticker .
Top stories of the morning are coming up next .
Thousands of British troops are withdrawing from Iraq and the White House is praising the move .
We 'll tell you why .
Plus , Hollywood 's elite lining up to support Senator Barack Obama .
He is counting his cash .
We 'll tell you how he did .
And food dangers : In recent months it 's been tainted spinach , and onions , and peanut butter and now mushrooms .
We 'll talk to Dr. Sanjay Gupta about what 's happening there .
You 're watching AMERICAN MORNING.
The most news in the morning is right here on CNN.
Pulling out : Live pictures from London this morning .
We 're expecting to hear from the British Prime Minister Tony Blair who will announce plans to bring thousands of British troops home from Iraq .
Battlefield at home : Injured American troops enduring filthy conditions inside the Walter Reed Army Medical Center .
A top Army commander now speaking out , only to CNN.
And total recall : Well , first it was peanut butter , and then chicken , and now some mushrooms are being recalled , because of potentially a deadly bacteria .
We 'll tell you what you need to know on this AMERICAN MORNING.
