But if you are having to pay for your drugs , you 're going to find those increases .
And remember , five percent or 4.7 percent , as Pfizer says , is a lot higher than the price of inflation .
So it will be an interesting topic just before this Congress gets sworn in .
Something more on their plates to consider -- John .
Prescription drugs always a huge topic on Capitol Hill .
Yes .
Ali , thanks very much .
OK .
America ordered a new direction in the last election .
And the clock may already be ticking for the Democrats , who have promised to deliver change .
We 'll talk to advisers for both parties .
And he 's alone , frightened and 500 miles from land .
A race against time to save a sailor adrift on treacherous seas when AMERICAN MORNING returns .
A developing story .
New pictures of those American contractors kidnapped in Iraq .
But this may not be the only tape of them .
We 've got a live report from Baghdad straight ahead .
Race against time .
An American sailor stranded at sea .
He 's injured and losing his only connection to the mainland .
An update on the rescue mission ahead .
Could there be promise in a patch ?
New hope for treating Parkinson 's patients .
Dr. Sanjay Gupta explains .
And history on the Hill .
The Democrats take back Congress in just a few hours ' time .
The agenda and their chances for success on a special edition of AMERICAN MORNING , live from Washington .
Good morning .
Welcome back , everybody .
It 's Thursday , January 4th .
I 'm Soledad O'Brien on Capitol Hill this morning .
Hey , John .
Hey .
Good morning to you , Soledad .
I 'm John Roberts in our Washington bureau , in for Miles O'Brien this week .
Thanks for joining us .
A big day where you are , Soledad .
Yes , it is .
In fact , happening this morning , not only what 's going to happen in Congress , but some other stories as well .
The nation 's intelligence czar is switching jobs .
John Negroponte is resigning as the director of National Intelligence to become the deputy secretary of state .
Now , Negroponte is the first - ever director of National Intelligence .
Retired admiral Mike McConnell is expected to be nominated to succeed him .
A new name is joining the big three .
Toyota passing DaimlerChrysler to take the number three spot in U.S. auto sales , behind General Motors and Ford .
Toyota sales were up 12.5 percent in 2006 , compared to 2005 .
GM , Ford , and DaimlerChrysler and Nissan were all down for the year .
In Colorado , and neighboring states , too , an all-out blitz to feed livestock trapped by the deep snow .
National Guard helicopters and planes are dropping hay on remote areas that ranchers ca n't reach .
Thousands of head of cattle are still missing , have n't eaten in a week .
And states are asking President Bush to declare a federal disaster area .
In North Carolina , the two Duke lacrosse players cleared of rape charges are now being invited back to school .
Colin Finnerty and Reade Seligmann were suspended while facing charges of a raping a stripper at a team party .
Now they and another teammate still face sexual offense and kidnapping charges .
Lawyers for Seligmann and Finnerty say their clients are still making up their minds about whether they 're going to return or not -- John .
