Airline profits , oil prices down .
Oil prices down .
What else you got ?
Oil prices are lower than they were when that baby was born .
Oil prices are -- take a look at this chart .
In the last month oil prices have dropped from about $ 64 a barrel to about $ 51 a barrel , which is where they are right now .
Just since the beginning of this year , that 's a drop of about $ 13.
Oil prices have dropped about $ 10 just since the beginning of this year .
Now , how does that translate into gas prices ?
A month ago they were about $ 2.30 a gallon for self-serve , unleaded .
That 's a national average .
Yesterday oil -- gas prices were $ 2.22 a gallon national average , and experts are expecting that over the next 10 days to two weeks you 'll see a further slide , maybe 10 cents , or more .
Now we just counted up on GasBuddy , and we found 16 cities -- this is what people self-report , they report on what gas is in their city -- 16 cities where you could get gas for under $ 2 a gallon across the country .
Now , OPEC has just said it does n't need more cuts in production .
There is a cut going into place on February 1st , half a million barrels a day .
OPEC is not fantastic at enforcing these cuts , but they 're aiming for half-a-million-barrel cut per day .
That will bring the total that OPEC has been cutting over the last year to 1.7 million barrels a day .
They still say they 'll be 3 million barrels of oil per day extra , more oil than we need .
Now , very interesting , GM 's chief , Rick Wagoner , who I spoke to at the Auto Show , a week ago , has come out and said , in a speech , that he is a little concerned .
Sure , he likes the fact that gas prices are down .
But one of the things that he , that others have said in the past , is that the danger of lower gasoline prices is everybody throws the rules out the window , back when it was $ 3 a gallon -- everybody was talking about buying more fuel-efficient cars and maybe getting the hybrids and all this kind of stuff -- back at $ 2 a gallon or lower , we 're all going back to our old bad habits , Miles .
Boy , we have short memories , do n't we ?
And you know what , when it gets warm again , we 'll forget it was cold .
All right , pretty much , yes .
Thank you very much , Ali .
OK .
Top stories of the morning are coming up next .
Prosecutors build their case in the Missouri kidnap mystery , trying to find out if there are more victims .
We 'll go live to the courthouse .
Also , the deep freeze ruins hundreds of millions of dollars worth of oranges , lemons , avocados , and more .
What will you end up paying at the produce section ?
And , later , heart-to-heart , shall we say .
We 'll tell you whose ticker this is , and why we 're talking about it .
You 're watching AMERICAN MORNING , the most news in the morning right here .
