Instead of just , you know , raising her hand and waving hello to the person , she immediately started to rock back and forth even more quickly than normal , and staring making some gyrating sort of motions , giving some sort of indication that that is what she wanted -- she wanted to catch that person 's attention .
I asked her .
I said : Why did n't you just , you know , say hello ?
And she said she finds that very invasive , and it 's just not a conventional part of the way she , as a person with autism , communicates .
And how much does that device she uses cost .
And who pays for her devices and computer equipment ?
It 's -- it 's about $ 2,000 for that specific LINK ( ph ) communication device .
For her specifically , the state of Vermont and Medicaid help defray a lot of the cost for that device , as well as some of her living expenses , some of her medical visits and things like that , as well .
It 's not that way in every state .
She actually moved from California to Vermont to try and help defray some of those costs .
But , you know , there 's a lot of states that do n't offer programs like this , period .
Wow .
It 's just an amazing story .
Thanks for bringing it to us , Sanjay Gupta .
Thanks , Kiran .
Always great to have you .
Thanks .
Any time .
Yes , it really is .
And we are going to have much more with Amanda and Sanjay tomorrow .
Plus , you can also read a blog by Amanda and watch her video by logging on to CNN.com/360blog .
While you 're there , you can actually ask Amanda questions about autism .
Autism also may be much more common than you think .
Here 's the " Raw Data . "
As Sanjay just mentioned , one in 150 children is autistic .
It afflicts between 1 million and 1.5 million Americans .
And it 's also the fastest growing developmental disability in the nation , with an increase of 172 percent during the 1990s .
And they do n't really know why .
Well , John King now has a look at what 's ahead .
Thanks , Kiran .
Up next , a courtroom drama .
A roller coaster of emotions .
Tears from the witness stand .
And laughter .
Any children ?
One .
How old ?
Five months , six months .
Oh , OK .
Another wild day in the fight over Anna Nicole Smith 's body .
Plus , JetBlues .
They would say that they were going to pull us into the gate , and they never did .
Tonight a 360 exclusive .
New photos and video of the trip from hell .
Passengers stuck for hours on a plane going nowhere .
Will a passenger bill of rights take off to win back angry customers ?
That when 360 continues .
Those amazing photos are from Anderson 's reports over the past week and a half in the Amazon rainforest , the first stop on a special series we 've been bringing you this year on 360 called " Planet in Peril" .
Tonight Anderson and wildlife biologist Jeff Corwin give us an up close look at a creepy crawly creature .
Check this out .
This is the goliath tarantula , one of the largest spiders on the planet .
Just get over there .
Just creep , because if you go fast , he 'll take off , and you do n't want him to take off .
Just keep it very , very cool .
He 's creeping very , very slowly .
