This kid ...
When the cameras go and -- and things quiet down ...
Right .
Right .
... that 's when the real battle begins .
This kid could have suffered from PTSD , post-traumatic stress disorder .
And it 's not going to manifest itself for another six months .
Well , let 's hope -- hope he gets the attention that he needs , and the family as well .
FARREL
Absolutely .
Patricia Farrell , appreciate your -- your perspective .
Thank you .
Thank you very much .
We ca n't know if Shawn Hornbeck would have ever tried to escape from Michael Devlin .
Fortunately for Shawn , two local cops who came to his rescue -- just ahead , how their hunch cracked the case .
You will hear from them directly .
Plus : A missing child poster is only as good as the picture on it .
And what if the child is now a teenager ?
The art and science of making a child age on paper -- next on this 360 special , " Taken : Children Lost and Found . "
Artists had to guess what Shawn Hornbeck looked like as a teenager .
How close did their drawings come ?
Find out next on 360 .
Another little boy still missing .
Time is actually a kidnapper 's friend .
As children grow older , they are n't as likely to be recognized .
Their changing looks become a virtual disguise .
And that 's why it helps to have pictures showing them as they might look as they age .
Investigators used this technique in their search for Shawn Hornbeck , who was just 11 when he disappeared .
The picture did not crack his case , but it is still a crucial tool .
Here 's CNN 's Tom Foreman .
When Katelyn Rivera-Helton disappeared in Pennsylvania in 1999 , she was 1-year-old and looked like this .
Now , eight years later , forensic artists think she might look like this .
At the National Center For Missing and Exploited Children , they have many so-called age-progressed photos .
And Larry Bonney hopes you will take a hard look whenever you see one .
The trick is that , if you live next door to this child , or you have this child in -- in your grade school class , and you 're a schoolteacher , and then you see the age-progressed photograph , that may ring a bell , and say , boy , that looks an awful lot like Jimmy .
Be thorough .
Just take your time .
Drawing a child who has been missing fore years depends on precise knowledge of human growth and genetics .
Look at Shawn Hornbeck from when he disappeared at the age of 11 , four years ago .
To age his image , artists first considered typical adolescent growth patterns .
They made his face longer , his hair and eyebrows darker , the eyes themselves somewhat more narrow .
His nose was lengthened , and his cheekbones were made more prominent .
His mouth was drawn a little wider , his chin made more distinct .
After all this , artists typically look at pictures of the missing child 's relatives .
If a child is taken at 2 , and they are now 10 , they will get pictures from the family at age 10 .
Of mom and dad ?
Mom , dad , yes , of , you know , blood relatives .
Immediate family is what they are looking for , assuming that genetic traits will remain fairly constant as the child grows .
