You do n't want to speculate , you do n't want to falsely accuse somebody .
For example , on one of the gaming Web sites we found someone named " Devil Devlin " who claimed to be female .
So just want to make sure you 're not pointing out profiles of people who actually are n't at all involved in this situation .
All right , Jacki Schechner .
Thank you very much .
Bigger is n't always better . Circuit City might be downsizing its stores .
Maybe they 'll call it , what , Circuit Hamlet ( ph ) ?
Ali Velshi , it 's 25 minutes past the hour .
Miles , you know , a few years ago I used to not really be clear , when you 'd going into Circuit City or Best Buy , what the real differences were between the two .
And then Best Buy sort of took off , redesigned a lot of its stores , dealt with some lighting issues , and dealt with their staff differently in a way that allowed them to address customers ' needs .
They ended up acquiring the Geek Squad , and Best Buy sort of took off and became the nation 's largest retailer of electronics .
Circuit City 's number two , and they 've unveiled some changes to the way they 're going to do things .
As you said , they 're going to downsize their stores .
The average store is 30,000 to 35,000 square feet .
They 're now going to start unveiling stores that are about 20,000 square feet .
And rather than opening 10 to 12 stores a year , they 're looking at opening about -- more than 100 -- 100 to 200 -- or 200 to 300 in the next couple of years .
These stores are going to be a little bit different .
They 're going to be a little more interactive .
Best Buy -- Circuit City is going to be pushing its Firedog Service ( ph ) , which is kind of like Best Buy 's geek squad , although Firedog ( ph ) is not owned by Circuit City .
It will encourage people to come in and use interactive kiosks to find out whether they should , let 's say , hang their new flat panel on a wall or put it on a stand .
So that 's something they 're going to try and encourage .
There are already about 50 of these Firedog ( ph ) kiosks in existing Circuit City stores .
All this , of course , is a move to get a little bit more of that market share as the prices of electronics come down and the margins that these retailers earn gets smaller and smaller .
They need more customers coming in , and they need more customers coming back .
So you 'll see those changes very soon .
By June they 'll start unveiling these new , smaller Circuit City or Circuit Hamlet ( ph ) stores -- Miles .
All right .
Thank you very much , Ali .
Coming up , we 're live in Missouri with the latest details on the Missouri kidnap mystery .
We 'll show you ways to keep your children safe .
And look for a golden glow in Hollywood this morning .
A complete wrap-up of the Golden Globe winners , the speeches , and the hints about the Oscars .
You 're watching AMERICAN MORNING , the most news in the morning right here .
