We believe that the last person to have been at the door was about 10:00 last night .
So it` s about a 6-hour-and-45-minute window when someone could have left that baby at the doorstep.
Wow .
Take a listen to this .
This is kind of the image from the past that we`re trying to do away with , of wrapping an infant up and leaving them on a doorstep for someone to find .
That` s not a safe thing to do for the child .
There` s no movement or nothing .
And after it started crying , it was like , it was a relief , because it just hit the bottom of my stomach when I saw it laying there .
And rather than giving the child to someone who could care for the child , they left the child on a porch , on a step for up to 6 1/2 hours .
And so those two things combined have left us with the question : Did they do the right thing ?
Did you see that little baby there ?
She` s being called Hope Rose , there with a little stuffed animal , just hours old , left on the front porch at a doorstep.
She had loss of blood and nearing hypothermia .
Her entire body temperature dropping 15 degrees below normal .
Right now , she` s still in the hospital .
With us tonight , a very special guest , something told her to go into work early .
Crystal Michels is with us .
She found the baby .
Welcome , Ms. Michels .
Thank you for being with us .
You`re welcome .
Thanks for having me .
What a miracle .
What a miracle .
I mean , 15 degrees below normal .
Your temperature is dropping , and for an infant just hours old -- what happened , Crystal ?
Well , I got up at 4:30 in the morning , and got dressed , and I was all ready to go .
And I told my husband and I said , " I need to get to work on time , now . "
I said , " There` s something telling me I need to get there . "
And so when I got there , and he dropped me off at the door , and I saw the bundle of something like a clothing article that was up on the porch , and I got a little closer , and noticed that it was like a towel and something .
So I just got up on the top step , getting ready to punch in my code to get in the building .
And I looked down , and I saw it was a baby` s head there , and it was like wrapped in a towel .
And I just thought it was dead at that time .
So you walked up .
Was it light outside or still dark ?
It was pretty dark .
We have the light from the porch that shine down the stairs , but it was still dark out .
When you walked up to the little baby , did you originally believe it was alive ?
At first , no , I thought it was dead .
Why ?
Because there was no movement at all .
Poor , little thing .
No crying , nothing .
Now , tell me about this nursing home .
What is it ?
