Seventeen-year-old Busi Dladlu is a single mother of one , and like any young mother , struggles with the new challenges of caring for her 7-month-old son .
It 's always mealtime here in her small shack .
It 's when little mouths are hungry that Busi feels the weight of the crisis that surrounds her .
She is the surrogate mother of five orphan siblings .
Their mother died of AIDS more than a year ago , leaving a heavily pregnant Busi in charge of a household of hungry mouths ranging in age from 1 to 15 . She 's a child raising children .
I used to cry every day .
The hardest thing when I wake up in the morning , the children come to me , " Hey , sis , we are hungry . "
No money for food , clothes or even medicine .
Two of the children are HIV positive , 7-year-old Lalisiwe ( ph ) and 3-year-old Tulani ( ph ) .
But as difficult as things may look , there does seem to be a ray of hope , in the form of Hope Worldwide , a U.S.-based NGO.
Hope Worldwide provides monthly food rations to child-headed households in Soweto as well as counseling and supervision .
We 're really overwhelmed by the issue of childhood households and abuse of orphans .
Right now in South Africa there are about 5 to 5.5 million people that are -- that are living with HIV.
We have over a million orphans due to HIV.
By 2010 , we may have 2.5 to 3 million orphans .
Probably one-fifth of those will be child-headed households .
Ottenweller says at the end of the day , organizations like Hope Worldwide can only do so much and that the various communities ravaged by AIDS have to chip in to help save the children .
Before that happens Busi and many like her seem destined for a life of misery and misfortune .
As AIDS continues to wreak havoc here , reducing once thriving families into broken down households headed by children .
Child-headed households , as HIV has devastated this country , literally decimated generations , what 's going to happen ?
What can be done to help these kids ?
And there 's more coming up .
OPRAH WINFREY , TALK SHOW HOST/PHILANTHROPIS
I would like to say to the world , the reason why the children remain devastated and are taking care of their own siblings and are heading households is because the world has not responded in kind .
The reason why that is -- that continues to happen is because people let it happen .
There are enough people in this world with enough resources to make a difference so there are not child-headed households .
And so perhaps maybe there will be an awakening .
You know , everybody has all these conferences and they talk about it and they talk about and what could be done .
What needs to happen is people like myself who have the finances and who have the access and who have the resources , corporations , need to step in .
Step in and make some changes so that there are shelters and homes headed by adults who can take care of these children .
That 's what needs to happen .
