But they 're not going to do this near a rich white neighborhood .
That 's -- well , part of it is , if you need 100 acres for a landfill , are you going to go to rich part of town , where it 's expensive , and you also have people who maybe know network anchormen and know to write letters to the editor , and make a lot of noise , or you go somewhere where the land is , A , cheaper to buy , and , B , the neighborhood -- neighborhood there may not be as sophisticated , may not have the access to the media , may not have the activist orientation to make a lot of noise ?
Now , that may be ...
So , you 're saying this is about economics and not race ?
Well , that may be class .
That may be unjust .
I do n't think it 's necessarily racism .
And I would be very cautious about throwing that grenade , unless we can demonstrate that , yes , in fact , it 's racism , and not just injustice or taking advantage of people because of their poverty .
Is it irresponsible to even suggest that this is racism ?
You heard what the local government had to say in its defense .
Irresponsible ?
It 's nothing less than racism .
I mean , let 's be honest here .
Race and class go hand in hand in instances like this .
When the majority of your lower-economic class is predominantly people of color , hello ?
That means race and class are hand in hand .
If -- if you put landfills and chemical waste dumps near people who are our weakest , most ill-informed , ignorant people , we 're supposed to be a nation that protects its citizens .
Hang on .
Under God ...
No, no , no -- with liberty and justice for all .
If those citizens are not informed , would it not be our job to inform them ?
Those people were not informed .
That 's unfair to the core .
That 's against the principles of this nation .
The word racism is highly inflammatory .
The word racism goes to intention .
No, no .
Racism needs no racist intent .
If the issue is to harm blacks , then , yes , it 's racist .
If the issue is , we want to go somewhere where we can buy land cheaply , where people are n't going to complain , I do n't think that 's racism .
It may unjust .
It needs no racist intent .
Racist effect is enough .
It may be awful .
It may be a terrible thing to do .
But I do n't think it 's a racist thing .
We need to be able to prove that before you throw that word around .
Wait a minute .
Michael .
We 're not talking about natural waste .
We 're not talking about garbage .
We 're talking about ...
But let 's talk about intent here .
Right .
OK .
Are you going to tell me tonight ...
Yes .
Yes .
Yes .
... that this government decided , we 're going to tell all the white people ...
Yes .
... that they should n't drink this water , but ...
No, of course not .
... we 're not going to give the black family enough warning , so they drink it and bunch of them get sick ?
It is n't that obvious , Paula .
