And wants to be the next Idol because he thinks his wife will come back to him .
You ca n` t do it for that reason .
You`ve got to do it because , you know , you love singing .
Yes , I really do n` t think his wife is really going to be coming back to him after the performance last night .
Probably not , especially with his dance moves .
I mean , they were just wrong .
Sundance Head .
My favorite so far .
Love him .
Not saying a lot .
And actually , he` s from Houston .
Work it out , Houston .
And his dad used to be a big singer in Houston .
And now he` s taken over .
He` s Sundance Head .
And what I loved about him is that you did n` t really expect that voice to come out of him .
And secondly , at the end , you saw Simon say he blew -- he blew Taylor out of the water .
Blew Taylor out of the water .
You know what ?
Simon has actually been taking hard core digs at Taylor throughout this competition .
Here` s the thing .
We just need all of them sheared .
That` s what we need .
Back with " The Real Story " in a second .
We do need a razor .
All right .
Welcome to the " Real Story . "
One of the lines that just popped out at me last night from the State of the Union address was this one .
Watch .
And to further protect America against severe disruptions to our oil supply , I asked Congress to double the current capacity of the strategic petroleum reserve .
Wow , " severe disruptions " ?
What do you suppose that is ?
You know , I always tell you how George Bush , when he gives speeches , you know , he gives them in code worthy of a Navajo Windtalker ?
Well , this was definitely one of those , because the real story tonight is that " severe disruptions " does n` t mean $ 3-a-gallon gas .
It means we`re at war with some people who control a lot of oil .
Back up .
History , 1975 , President Ford created a strategic petroleum reserve after the Arab countries decided to stop shipping oil to anybody who supported Israel .
Hey , wait a minute .
That would be us .
There` s nothing like a 400 percent price increase to finally make us start saving just a little bit of oil .
The reserve now currently holds 690 million barrels , which sounds pretty impressive , until you realize that would only last all of us 55 days , if we had to stop importing oil .
But that` s assuming that we would actually use the reserve for our day-to-day life , which is not what it` s there for .
This is the " strategic " reserve .
Last time I checked , fueling up the lawnmower , not very " strategic . "
It` s there to keep our critical infrastructure running , little things like F-16s and Abrams tanks .
Yet every time the price of gas skyrockets , you`ll hear some slime ball politician screaming about opening up the reserve .
And the president has , up to this day , said , " Ah , let me think about it .
No. "
Aside from 1975 , when it was created , the other time a president ordered a huge increase was right after 9/11 .
This president directed that we add another 150 million barrels to it .
We`re kind of like the guy who has declared bankruptcy twice before realizing we should probably put a little bit more money in the bank .
