Good morning , Soledad .
Ford has slipped to number four in auto sales in January .
Now Ford has traditionally been the number two car seller in America .
It slipped a couple of times to number three .
Toyota jumped ahead of it for many months in 2006 .
Now not only is Toyota in the number two spot for January , Daimler-Chrysler is in the number three spot .
Ford has slipped to number four after dropping massively in sales .
Both Ford and GM suffered major losses in January , particularly because they 've given up on emphasizing their fleet sales .
The rental car sales .
Those are popular .
They sell a lot of cars , but they 're not entirely profitable for the car companies .
Now , it 's been a busy business week and markets have reacted very well to that .
We saw another record on the Dow yesterday .
Another record close .
It 's the fifth one for this year .
The 27th one since October .
Since the Dow achieved levels that it had n't achieved in about six years .
So we 've got a Dow that was 52 points stronger to 12,673 and we 're going to be expecting the monthly employment report at 8:30 Eastern , two hours from now .
It 's expected to hold steady at 4.5 percent , which is a record low .
And Cisco and Apple are talking again about the iPhone .
You 'll recall that Apple announced it 's got this big iPhone .
Cisco said , no , no , we 've actually got an iPhone already .
We own the name .
Cisco sued Apple .
Apple has now not suspended its suit , but its basically said it 's giving Apple more time to respond and they have both agreed they 're chatting about it .
You know what I think this is going to end up with ?
Apple is going to cut Cisco some money and they 'll all move on .
I think there will be a big check written and on it will go .
But none of us knew the iPhone that Apple -- that Cisco had an iPhone .
So , you know .
I think Apple knew , but they just went on .
Apple new , yes .
Onward they went .
A lot of money is going to change hands is my prediction .
Yes .
That 's right .
All right , Ali , thanks .
Thanks , Ali .
Top stories of the morning up next .
Severe weather topping the news already .
Possible tornados in Florida .
Already been some touch-downs .
Plus , we report nearly every day on the attacks in Iraq .
Today , see some of the faces behind the names of the fallen soldiers .
And melting point .
Global warming is a clear and present danger .
We all are to blame .
Details of the smoking tailpipe report out this morning .
You 're watching AMERICAN MORNING.
The most news in the morning right here on CNN.
Welcome back , everybody .
Breaking weather news for you .
Powerful storms , possible tornados moving across central Florida this morning .
M. O'BRIE
Hot zone .
A new report on global warning released just hours ago .
The planet 's heating up , the seas are rising , and it 's our fault .
So now what ?
And a final solute to American heroes who were killed in that sneak attack in Iraq .
Their stories and much more is ahead on this AMERICAN MORNING.
