I do n't know who did it first , but ... KIN
He 's kissing the body .
Yes , I kissed the body , as well .
Yes .
I do n't know .
I did n't see him do it .
I was n't watching what he was doing .
But I certainly kissed the casket and the body and I told him ...
How about all the turbulence in your life with James ?
( UNINTELLIGIBLE) .
You called 911 .
You had him arrested .
Yes .
For -- did he physically hit you ?
We had a fight and it -- I got scared .
What was printed was true .
He attested to the fact .
He paid for it in the legal documents .
He did whatever -- whatever they call it .
I do n't know what they call it .
I 'm not educated myself .
What do you mean paid for it ?
As far as he paid the fine .
Oh , oh .
And he admitted guilt .
Why did you take him back ?
And -- because he apologized and because we had a meeting in my living room with me and him and my lawyer and Mr. Dallas and Mr. Canon .
And my lawyer was on a speaker phone .
And they then forced me to sign that I would not say that I was a -- a common law wife in order to come back in the home .
My husband ...
Well , if you have a marriage certificate , you 're not a common law .
Then -- yes .
My husband and my attorney knew that , so .
What about the -- James took out , in July of 2003 , a full page ad in " Variety " announcing the breakup of your marriage ?
That 's pretty definitive .
Well , we had an argument on an airplane .
And this happened many times .
We had an argument on an airplane .
And he wrote that on the airplane and called his secretary on the airplane and he told her to put it in there .
He said it was great publicity and not to worry about it and to just -- just to write it off .
Now , we never broke up after that scene .
We stayed together .
We stayed together .
That was our relationship .
This is his way of teaching me how to deal with , I guess , today , because he did this all the time .
But he had -- he had to have some enormous faults .
He -- well , we all have enormous faults .
But ...
But it was final , right ?
Yes .
Yes , he -- you know , I do n't want to...
( UNINTELLIGIBLE) .
... say anything bad , because my husband has passed .
I do n't even know if he 's in the grave yet .
They have n't told me .
But we did fight .
We did get violent .
We did get physical .
And I 'm not going to put it all on him , you know ?
Yes , but we made up .
We were passionate .
We loved each other , you know ?
And we were n't saints .
We partied .
We had good times .
We had bad times .
According to " The Daily Mail" ...
But we were together ...
According to " The Daily Mail " in London , did you say that you think he 's broke , he died broke ?
