Just some symbolism here .
... 40,000 people .
Yes , and that 's what it is .
So Mark Fields now announcing that he is in fact not going to be using the corporate jet .
Now , our colleagues over at cnnmoney .com ,
Chris Isadore ( ph ) , did some math on this and called up Northwest Airlines and said if that he were to fly every weekend first class , it would be probably about $ 90,000 a year .
The bill that Ford has said for at least one quarter of the year , and if you extrapolate that to the whole year , $ 860,000 is what it 's been costing Ford .
So roughly a tenth .
Yes , roughly a tenth .
So symbolism .
You know , there is something to be said for the efficiency , but this is a world where ... S. O'BRIE
And how many jobs could you get for that $ 800,000 ?
Yes .
And the interesting thing here is that this is not an industry people want to hate .
The car industry in the United States has failed quite miserably over the last few years , but there 's such hope , there 's so much investment in it .
We all know somebody who works there , or we drive the cars , or we invest in the company .
So there 's goodwill to it -- toward the companies , and the feeling was , this is ruining the goodwill when this kind of news gets out there .
So they 're making the changes .
GM 's equivalent executives do n't fly corporate jets on a regular basis .
Oh , they do n't ?
No.
Not to their homes .
Nor do the other Ford executives .
All right .
So all these guys taking their shoes off , just like the rest of us .
Yes .
All right .
Thank you .
That 's right .
All right , Ali .
You have a good weekend .
You , too .
Thank you .
Let 's take a look at CNN this weekend , as a matter of fact .
Let 's go to T.J. Holmes at the CNN Center with a preview .
Hello , T.J.
Hey .
Good morning , guys .
This weekend , like it seems like every weekend lately , we 're going to be talking about weather again .
Keeping a close eye on it .
You 're going to want to tune in for all that up-to-the-minute information on another winter storm that , yes , is on the way .
And we 've got kind of a nicer story we 're going to tell you about the weather as well .
We 're going to hear from a lottery winner who does n't even have time to spend his loot .
He 's helping people out who have been hard-hit by the winter storms .
Pretty heart-warming story here .
That 's going to be in our " WaterCooler . "
Also , dolphins in danger .
Scores of animals beaching themselves on Cape Cod in Long Island .
We 're going to talk to animal expert Jack Hannah about what 's behind this bizarre behavior .
Plus , CNN 's Warrior One , they wo n't let me have it .
It 's going on the auction block .
This historic Hummer has been to Baghdad and back , and now its sale will help more military families .
And I hope all of that is enough to sell you guys on "CNN SATURDAY and SUNDAY MORNING . "
That begins tomorrow at 7:00 Eastern .
