If the media as Dan suggests , or the military rather as Dan suggests is very afraid of Thaksin Shinawatra , and yet it said it hopes to bring democracy back to Thailand before the end of this year , what role do you see the media playing in Thailand ?
How do you think - see it shaping out , squaring off between the military and the media ?
Well , you ca n't really have democracy without the media .
And the media 's job is to be a check on the democratic process or on the military rulers in this case .
So it 's an interesting struggle .
And they 're going to have to - the media - I mean , if there is going to be return to democracy , the media 's going to have to be free .
And the military leadership is going to have to wake up to that fact , otherwise as is possibly sadly all too predictable , democracy will be delayed .
And the country 's economic problems are continuing , even without Thaksin .
The bogeyman is gone , but the problems are still there .
He may or may not have been corrupt , but who are the military to talk about corruption ?
They 've been logging illegally for decades and running their own economic zones .
I mean , there 's a lot of corruption in the system and plenty of people to point the finger at .
Final question to you , Dan in Bangkok , have you noticed any difference at all in your ability to do your job in the four months since Thaksin Shinawatra was deposed from the political throne ?
So far , no .
I 'd say , you know , we 're still allowed to pretty much move around where we are .
We 're still able to get visas to come and go from Thailand as we 'd like to .
You know , there have been since this interview a few incidents in our bureau , for example , of sort of slightly menacing phone calls of people ringing and hanging up .
Now that may be nothing to do with this at all , but it 's obviously a bit of a coincidence .
And I think the big worry for media organizations like us , and you know , the other ones here , the BBC , and other big American networks is that this might be the beginning , you know , of a slippery slope , that suddenly the army will use , you know , the fact that we have carried an interview with Thaksin as an excuse for example not to renew visas , or to make life difficult for us .
And I think that 's a big concern as we go into 2007 , you know , about really what is happening in Thailands , and you know , is there really going to be a restoration of democracy ?
All right , something we 'll be following closely .
Thank you , very much , Dan Rivers in Bangkok .
And here in the studio , Leonard Doyle .
Up next on INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENTS , the bullying of a Bollywood star .
Accusations of racism fly , as a reality TV show triggers uproar in India and Britain .
Stay with us .
Welcome back .
A notorious reality TV show is sparking controversy from Britain to India .
It centers on the alleged racist bullying over Bollywood star .
Politicians have spoken out .
Companies have withdrawn sponsorship and protested , have burned the producers in effigy .
