I do n't even know if this was her private nurse that traveled with her , if this was a nurse from the hotel that was called because she was not feeling well .
So , it is a little bit unclear at this time -- Anderson .
Dr.
Wecht , I assume you do n't , but do you have any information about why she would have a nurse with her ?
No.
No, I do not have any information .
And I think that 's -- there could prove to be some clinical relevance in trying to understand exactly what was troubling her .
There are some very fascinating things about this , from the standpoint of the potential pathological processes , even as Dr. Gupta mentioned before , historically , the pneumonia of a couple of months or so ago .
Young people do n't usually develop pneumonia with that kind of frequency , especially if you 're in the sunny Bahamas , and not living up here in the north , where we are .
So , you know , there are some things to be learned .
And we shall learn about them soon .
But I do n't believe that much is going to be disclosed tomorrow , following the autopsy .
Dr.
Cyril Wecht , we appreciate your expertise .
And , Sanjay , thanks very much .
Thank you .
Dr.
Sanjay Gupta .
You know , there are also , of course , the legal questions , beyond the medical questions , from the fight over her late husband 's oil fortunes to the paternity of her baby daughter .
Our legal experts will weigh in on those battles in a moment .
And later : a stunning headline out of Iraq , a major raid by U.S. forces , an arrest of an Iraqi official .
We will have all that and more from Baghdad ahead .
He asked me , could I see him the following day ?
And I told him that I had to work .
And he -- he gave me an envelope .
And I was back with him the following day .
And we have been together for many years .
How much older was he ?
He was -- I was 23 , I believe , and he was 86 .
That was Anna Nicole Smith talking about her late husband , oil tycoon J.
Howard Marshall , on "LARRY KING LIVE . "
Smith 's legal fight over Marshall 's estimated $ 1.6 billion estate made it all the way to the Supreme Court .
The case is not over .
And neither is the battle over the paternity of Smith 's 5-month-old daughter .
Joining us now with more on Smith 's legal woes , CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin , and Anna Nicole 's former attorney Lenard Leeds .
Guys , thanks for being with us .
Jeffrey , some late word tonight that there 's an emergency custody hearing set for tomorrow .
Details are a bit sketchy .
Does the fact of it surprise you ?
Not at all , because , I mean , we 're talking about a 4-month-old baby .
I mean , this is not an abstract problem .
This is a -- a -- a child .
We do n't know where the child is tonight .
Somebody needs to care for her .
And , you know , there are so many issues that are unclear .
Let me just give you three of them .
Does she have a will ?
Was she really married to Howard K. Stern ?
And who is the father of this child ?
All of those issues have to get before a court .
And tomorrow will undoubtedly be the start .
