Yes ...
... because you associate ...
... because you ca n't point your finger at them and say you do n't know what I 'm going through .
And they 're like yes , yes , I do .
I know exactly where you 've been .
We 'll have you look back into your past , " People " magazine reported that at age 14 , your parents divorced and one day you turned up at school drunk .
Uh-huh .
The magazine went on to say : " When her mother found out , she arranged for Conner to undergo counseling .
Recalling the episode , a tearful Johnson says that those close to her daughter say I thought we were over that hurdle . "
Your mother thought you were OK .
Yes , because , like I said , I can be very manipulative in active addiction and active alcoholism .
So if -- if I want to tell you that everything is OK with me and if I want to put that mask back on , I can .
And everything will seem to be OK with me and everything will be wonderful , when , in all honesty , when I put that mask on , within me , I 'm very insecure .
I 'm very insufficient .
I 'm very -- oh , I 'm full of fear , you know ?
But now I 'm allowed to be different .
More with Tara Conner .
And , by the way , later Paula Shugart will join us .
She 's president of Miss .
USA .
Do n't go away .
We 're back with Tara Conner .
Do you ever desire cocaine ?
No.
Alcohol ?
I ca n't say that I never desire it , because if I did , that would be a lie .
It 's something I will have to battle every single day .
You 're always an alcoholic .
You 'll always be .
Once an alcoholic , always an alcoholic .
There will be days I when I 'm going to see it and I 'm going to be around people that are doing it .
If I ever choose to go out to a club again , it will be all around me .
But it 's my choice , whether I pick it up or whether I do n't pick it up .
Do you avoid clubs ?
Right now I 'm avoiding clubs , yes .
Someday you will go , right ?
Someday when it 's not so early in my recovery and , you know , there are not as many triggers for me .
Yeah , I probably will .
Right now I 'm choosing to stay around people in recovery , and stay around positive people that are going to be good influences on me as well .
Do you still -- I will ask you about your duty as Miss USA .
We have a clip to show .
You suggest that your problems may stem from something bad that happened in your childhood .
Here 's what you told Matt Lauer on the " Today " show , watch .
My job is try to get you to be honest .
Has there been abuse of some kind in your background ?
I will not deny that I 've -- I 've , you know , witnessed some abuse .
But out of the respect of my family , and I have not discussed it with them yet , this is something that I need to take one day at a time .
It 's too early in my recovery for me to give it --
