Up next on 360 : hundreds of thousands of dollars stolen from the Catholic Church .
The bigger sin may be who 's taking the money .
But the bigger mystery tonight concerns what some pretty sane and reasonable people saw hovering over Chicago O'Hare 's Airport ?
Was it a UFO or just that connecting flight from Cincinnati ?
You can decide for yourself -- ahead on 360 .
Talk about putting your money where your passions are .
Oprah Winfrey is spending tens of millions of her own dollars giving education and hope to children in South Africa .
So to finally see the school open , to see yourself in these kids , to give them really new lives , emotionally , what has this past week been like ?
I do n't have words for it .
I really do n't have words for it , Anderson .
And I 'm never a woman of few words .
But 100 million girls who will never get a secondary education because their parents ca n't afford school fees .
It 's easier to keep the girls at home to do all the work .
And so this is an opportunity of a lifetime , and what 's so amazing about it is , is that the girls and their parents know it .
Well , we 're going to be talking to Oprah about her school , her mission and even some controversy surrounding it all on a special edition of 360 Monday at 10 p.m. Eastern .
It is one of the Ten Commandments : thou shalt not steal .
We all know that .
But a survey by researchers at Villanova University found that a stunning number of church employees , people who actually work for the church , are doing just that and they 're stealing from the collection box .
Eighty-five percent of Roman Catholic dioceses who responded to the survey reported embezzlement of church money in the past five years .
CNN 's Tom Foreman tonight reports .
The worldwide Catholic Church handles many billions of dollars each year , but in the United States , a recent study says a lot of money openly given is secretly pilfered , prompting calls for better financial reporting , more frequent audits .
Francis Butler heads a group for Catholic Foundation .
This is not rocket science here .
It 's pretty -- pretty easy to do , but it is typically ignored at the parish level and somewhat resented , I think , by many people , because it implies that they 're going to be dishonest .
About half of the nation 's Catholic dioceses participated in the survey by Villanova University , a Catholic school .
Eighty-five percent said they have discovered embezzlement within the past five years , and about 10 percent of those lost a half million dollars or more .
Recently in Florida , two priests were accused of stealing collection money to pay for gambling trips to Vegas and a lot more .
They 're fighting the charges .
The Villanova report says most cases of theft are actually discovered by parish priests .
Still , the nation 's bishops want local parishes to dramatically increase financial accountability .
" A great deal needs to be done on the parish level , " they tell us .
But " as soon as it 's suggested that an external audit take place , there 's immediately a sense of discomfort and dismay . "
