Welcome back , everybody .
It 's Tuesday , February 13th .
I 'm Soledad O'Brien .
I 'm Miles O'Brien .
Let 's begin with a breaking story out of Louisiana this morning .
A tornado touching down just outside of New Orleans .
Let 's show the live look at the radar this morning .
Ken Jones is with our affiliate WDSU.
He 's in Westwego , Louisiana , this morning .
A tornado touching down just outside of New Orleans .
Let 's show the live look at the radar this morning .
Ken Jones is with our affiliate WDSU.
He 's in Westwego , Louisiana , his morning .
Well , first of all , those people in the motel , a lot of those were hurricane evacuees who lost their homes the first time .
A lot of them have no place to go now .
They ca n't believe this has happened to them twice .
They 've got their children and what they were wearing and ran out .
You think they lost stuff before , now they 've lost everything .
As far as for people , what they heard , unfortunately that same old description , it sounded like a freight train .
And , of course , people saw transformers blowing , lightning and rain coming in .
It was just -- the whole place was blowing up , if you will , out here .
And so at this point , they are doing , as you say , the secondary search .
In other words , they kind of scour the area the first time and here they go for round two .
Right .
They went out the first time searching homes , searching under debris to see if anyone was trapped .
At this point they are doing a secondary search .
They did n't find anyone the first time .
No fatalities , no one trapped .
But again , you never can be sure .
So they 're doing it one more time to make sure no one is under some of that debris out there .
Ken Jones is a reporter with our affiliate WDSU.
You heard him talking about that motel , the Bon Soir Motel in the West Bank Expressway , and the damage there pretty remarkable .
A roof torn off .
Apparently , the whole roof is lying in the middle of the West Bank Expressway right now .
Let 's turn now to that blast of dangerous winter weather that 's bearing down on the heartland .
CNN 's Allan Chernoff is in Indianapolis , where it 's starting to come down a little bit there .
Hey , Allan .
Good morning .
Good morning to you , Soledad .
Yes , we 've got some beautiful snow coming down .
It 's been falling since midnight .
So far , we have about four inches , and this is the really good stuff .
If you 're a skier , nice and dry .
You can barely make a snow ball with it .
So it 's really just beautiful snow .
The problem is -- well , first of all , no ski slopes right here .
And also , it 's going to be getting very , very messy .
There 's a line that 's going to cross pretty much right across Indianapolis .
To the north , it 's going to be more snow , probably a little more than a foot they 're forecasting .
But to the south of that line , it 's going to be maybe half a foot of snow , but pile in some sleet , freezing rain .
It 's going to get very , very messy later today .
