Happening this morning .
Confirmation hearings today for David Petraeus , the general tapped to lead the war in Iraq .
Petraeus to appear before the Senate Armed Services Committee .
If confirmed , he will succeed General George Casey , soon to be the new Army chief of staff .
Opening statements expected today in the trial of Lewis Scooter Libby .
The jury selection is all done .
Libby is the former chief of staff for Vice President Cheney .
He is charged with lying to investigators as they tried to find out who leaked the name of a CIA agent to reporters in 2003 .
Cheney is expected to testify .
And snow on the ( INAUDIBLE) .
check out these pictures from Tucson , Arizona .
You heard me right , Tucson , Arizona !
Fun for the kids , but dense fog and icy roads no treat at all for the drivers there .
About two inches of snow there .
More than a foot fell in the northern part of the state -- Soledad .
That was a pretty good looking snowman they had going there .
They did all right .
Yes , that was pretty good .
They were loving that .
I bet they were .
Talk about a snow day .
President Bush prepares to deliver his State of the Union speech .
A new CNN-Opinion Research Corporation poll shows that more Americans than ever are concerned about the president 's ability to lead .
Our senior political analyst , Bill Schneider , has our report .
President Bush will be addressing a skeptical audience , not just the new Democratic Congress , but also the American people .
At 34 percent approval , Mr. Bush has the lowest job rating of any president on record going into his next to last year in office .
Most Americans now call the Bush presidency a failure .
Remember the issue that brought down his father ?
This time , it 's not the economy , stupid .
More than 60 percent of Americans believe the nation 's economy is in good shape .
But Americans are strongly opposed to President Bush 's policies in Iraq .
More than 60 percent oppose his troop increase and want Congress to try and stop it .
Disillusionment with Iraq is having a spillover effect .
Only 28 percent of Americans now believe the United States and its allies are winning the war on terror .
The lowest number ever .
Most Americans say neither side is winning .
President Bush 's father learned that even a brilliant foreign policy success cannot save you if the economy falls apart .
President Lyndon Johnson learned that a foreign policy disaster can destroy you , even if you have a strong domestic record .
It 's a lesson President Bush may learn , too .
Bill Schneider , CNN, Washington .
You 'll want to keep it right here on AMERICAN MORNING.
White House Press Secretary Tony Snow is going to join us live at 7:30 a.m.
Eastern .
Then we 're going to talk to New York senator and Democratic presidential candidate , Hillary Rodham Clinton .
She 'll join us live right here .
CNN has the best political team on TV .
Our live primetime coverage of tonight 's State of the Union Address begins at 7:00 p.m. Eastern Time .
That 's going to carry right into our next edition of AMERICAN MORNING.
We 're starting at a special time tomorrow , 5:00 a.m.
Eastern .
