We will carry out the operation within a few minutes .
Test it for the last time , Muhammad .
Only 10 minutes left until the operation .
What do you feel , Abu Muhammad ?
I feel a great calm .
In your heart ?
Yes .
I pray that Allah accepts me .
I 've never felt so calm in my life .
For a brief moment , we see the man who recorded these pictures .
He urges the bomber forward .
Allah willing , your prayers and ours will be answered .
The two men survey their target .
A voice says the vehicles are American .
There are the American cars .
There is an edit in the tape .
Now the suicide bomber is driving on the road , his white car clearly visible .
The video is shot from a distance while the bomber talks to the cameraman on a walkie-talkie .
Can you see them in front of me ?
Did you see the Americans in front of you ?
Go on a little further , and you will see them in front of you .
Abu Muhammad , there are Muslims behind you .
Move a little faster .
They are in front of you now .
Place your trust in Allah , Muhammad .
Remember , paradise , my brother .
Remember paradise .
You can hear the cameraman 's heavy breathing , waiting for the explosion .
The U.S. military says it has no record of such an attack .
It is not clear whether this video is purely propaganda , or a blend of propaganda and an actual attack .
On the tape , the cameraman drives off , rejoicing .
Glory to Allah , his prophet , and the believers !
Some of the propaganda put out by al Qaeda .
Of course , this is not just a military confrontation .
This is in many ways a war of ideas , a counterinsurgency .
And the U.S. forces here are trying to win over the Afghan population .
They do that by building roads and building wells and building schools .
The Taliban , of course , targets those schools , as you are about to see when this special edition of 360 , " Afghanistan : The Unfinished War , " continues .
Back down there , there 's two classrooms .
They have n't been too badly damaged .
This is where the major destruction begins .
The roof has been blown off .
The walls , completely blown apart .
And this appears to be the spot where the explosives were placed .
This crater in the ground here , that 's where they were placed .
Welcome back to " Afghanistan : The Unfinished War . "
While the fighting rages here in eastern Afghanistan and in the south of the country , increasingly it seems that the epicenter of terror is in Pakistan .
The government of Pakistan says they are doing all they can to combat terror , but many critics point to the religious school system inside Pakistan and say that those religious schools are training a whole new generation of terrorists .
CNN 's Nic Robertson went to investigate .
It 's late , 10:00 o'clock at night .
We are uncertain about what we are witnessing .
Are these devoted and peace loving students of Islam ?
Or is it a school where students gravitate to terrorism ?
We 're in Lehoul ( ph ) , Pakistan .
Dozens of children , some only five , are painstakingly memorizing every word of the Koran , every word .
It can take years .
