Hey , Chris .
Good morning .
Good morning , Soledad .
Michael Devlin 's attorneys are going to file a not guilty plea when they appear at the arraignment here tomorrow .
They 've also filed a motion to get him out of his orange jumpsuit and shackles .
They 're concerned that it could prejudice any potential jurors if this case goes on to trial .
The sheriff 's office is concerned about safety and wo n't risk walking their prisoner into court .
So Michael Devlin will be arraigned through a video camera near his jail cell .
And it 's because of security reasons .
The sheriff 's office is n't connected to the courthouse .
There 's about a two-mile distance between the two .
In the next 24 hours , the Franklin County prosecutor will be talking with his counterparts in other counties that are involved in the case .
And we will be pooling all of our evidence and then deciding what charges will come out of what counts .
At least one is certain .
Devlin is charged with kidnapping Ben Ownby , who is trying to fit back in after four days away from home .
He wanted to go back to school today .
He was ready .
But we 're not quite ready for him to go back to school yet .
We assured him we 'd get him some homework to do , though .
The transition could be tougher for Shawn Hornbeck , who was missing for four years .
He lived with Devlin for some or possibly all of that time .
Shawn did n't go to school , but he did go out , and he did have friends .
One neighbor says she saw a young girl visiting Devlin 's apartment over the past few months , and investigators are trying to figure out how many other children may have been there .
That 's part of the legwork that needs to be done .
Any contacts Shawn may have had , he may have had , that 's what we 're talking about , basically .
As investigators try to still collect evidence , the families of the boys that were involved still have a lot to deal with .
Ben Ownby disappeared after stepping off a school bus 500 feet from his home .
Once his parents decide to send him back to school , they 've still got to figure out exactly what his routine will be in order to get home , something probably a lot of parents out there would just take for granted -- Soledad .
Yes .
In fact , all the safety experts said that , you know , especially in rural areas , kids should not be alone .
They should n't be waiting even 500 feet from the house by themselves .
They 've got to have other -- other kids or even grownups just hanging out in the car waiting for the school bus to pick them up .
Chris Lawrence for us this morning .
Thanks , Chris .
Appreciate it .
You 're welcome .
Miles .
New this morning in Iraq , renewed violence .
Two people are dead , 20 injured after an overnight truck bombing in the northern city of Kirkuk .
The attack follows a wave of bombings and shootings that killed at least 107 Iraqis .
Seventy of them died in explosions outside this predominantly Shiite university ing Baghdad .
