Old Man Winter took his time , but he is arriving with a vengeance .
Some not fooling around cold from the Midwest to the Northeast this morning .
Subzero temperatures , wind chills down to 30 and 40 degrees below zero .
Chicago preparing for the whole thing with emergency-warming centers .
Regina Waldroup of our affiliate CLTV is in the Windy City .
I am at one of the many warming centers the city of Chicago has established to give people a place to get in from outside of the cold .
But you know , a whole lot of people really do n't have a choice .
And whether they were gassing up or catching the bus to work this morning , they say they were just doing their best to bundle up and try to cope with the cold , because after all , it is winter in the Windy City .
But it is super cold in the Windy City .
Now the high today is expected to reach only zero .
Wind chills somewhere between 20 below .
Now , it 's the third day of Arctic air in Chicago , and the city has opened up a number of warming centers , even turned police stations , public libraries and park districts into places where people can go and get warm .
Now , firemen and newspaper salesmen , and even bike messengers , and people who rely on the CTA bus and trains , they really do n't have a choice when whether it comes to going outside .
But Chicago City officials say if you do n't have to be outside , then you really should n't .
And they are urging people to go inside immediately and not spend too much time out in the cold , and so far Chicago police say there have been no deaths reported because of the intense cold .
Now , as cold as it was , mind you , yesterday it did n't stop at least three Chicago Bears fans from tailgating at Soldier Field , and no doubt , many of them are probably feeling a little colder because of the Chicago Bears ' loss .
Reporting from Chicago for CNN, Regina Waldroup .
Ahead , Rob Marciano will show us what 's going on right now and what 's ahead for people ahead trying to survive the freeze -- Soledad .
In Iraq this morning renewed violence to tell you about .
Mortars , and bombs and bullets killing more people as the Pentagon announces the death of two more U.S. troops .
A massive new security crackdown is about to be launched against insurgents , we 're told .
CNN 's Arwa Damon has more for us from Baghdad .
Barbara Starr is at the Pentagon for us this morning .
Let 's start with Arwa .
Good morning , Arwa .
Good morning , Soledad .
And what we are expecting to see it that new Baghdad security plan intensifying in its efforts to bring the insurgency here under control .
It is , in fact , a modification of the old Baghdad plan , otherwise known as Operation Together Forward , that began in the fall and was largely unsuccessful .
It was based on the premise of clear , hold and rebuild .
This new Baghdad security plan based on that same premise .
