Is there something about putting your life out there in this way that puts intense pressure on your relationship ?
You know , I think the one thing that Amber and I make sure we do every day is take some time for us .
So - and , you know , focus on our relationship , and put that first .
I mean , we`re in the reality TV show business , if you will .
And that` s our job .
But at the same time , our life together is the most important thing to us .
And we always make that a priority .
You`ve got your priorities straight .
So you say , You , cameras , get out of here .
You know .
Yes , you know what ?
Quality time .
Going into this show , we did have a really good relationship with the producers on both sides that they knew our limits and we knew their limits .
So we had a really good relationship going into it .
I think some of these other stars - it - I - I mean , it does add a lot of pressure , having the cameras there and having people judge you , you know ?
It is tough .
But maybe - I do n` t know , the arrangements going into it just were n` t as good as ours were .
Well , let` s talk about the new reality show .
Because we all know you two like to live on the edge .
And here you are with Rob and Amber again , stall lives ( ph ) .
Well , you`re taking money you guys have won in the past from reality shows , and you`re gambling with it in Vegas , trying to be a professional poker play .
It` s not gambling .
Amber , you agree with me here .
I agree .
You have to be nervous about this .
Well , that was one of our biggest arguments , was the fact that I kept saying , Honey , I ca n` t believe you want to go and be a professional gambler .
And he` s like , it` s not gambling .
I said , it is gambling .
It` s a calculated risk .
It` s a calculated risk .
He has so far as to quote a dictionary of the definition of "gambling , " right ?
It was - it was crazy .
I still call it gambling .
And a lot of people are going to say , You`re crazy , because the odds are against you playing poker like this .
Are you a little bit crazy ?
Well , you know , we did n` t get to where we are today without taking some risks .
And I think that` s my personality .
Luckily , I have a wife that loves me and stands behind me and was willing to take the chance with me .
Take a big chance , because you`re the one who actually won a million bucks on " Survivor " ( INAUDIBLE) .
I did .
I did .
And - and we have been very smart with the money , so far .
And to tell you the truth , I would n` t have supported him if I did n` t know that he did - I knew he had some talent behind me .
And he` s not going to come to me with anything that he does n` t feel strongly about as well .
I mean , he` s my husband ; I want to support him no matter what .
