Reports of U.S. troops on the ground in Somalia .
American and Somali officials say a small team of special forces is there hunting for al Qaeda suspects .
Senior Pentagon officials say there are no plans to send a larger force into Somalia .
In Indonesia , authorities now have a piece of that jetliner that vanished on New Year 's Day .
According to The Associated Press , a fisherman found parts of the plane 's tail piece .
Several numbers on it matches the one that was given to search teams .
Officials say it 's the first hard evidence that the plane crashed -- Miles .
Inside the military there is a lot of debate over the president 's plan to escalate the war .
Many officers and war planners are skeptical 20,000 more troops can make a real difference .
For the plan to succeed , the Pentagon will need a lot of things out of its control to go right .
CNN 's Kathleen Koch at the Pentagon to break down the plan for us .
Good morning , Kathleen .
Good morning , Miles .
And yes , it 's certainly no secret that in recent months , several top U.S. military leaders have said they oppose just such a troop increase in Iraq , but now the commander in chief has spoken , and Defense Secretary Robert Gates was to sign the first package of deployment orders right after the president 's speech .
The bottom line , 21,500 more U.S. troops will be serving in Iraq .
Five brigades will be sent to Baghdad , with the first to arrive within a week .
These troops will work alongside Iraqi units and be embedded in their formations .
Four thousand Marines will be sent to Anbar province .
Some of the increases will be new deployments .
Other forces will see their tours of duty extended .
Iraqis are expected to up their force levels as well .
Three new Iraqi brigades , or just over 10,000 troops , are due to be deployed in Baghdad , one in place by February 1st , the other two by the middle of the month .
There will also be a shift in responsibilities .
Iraqis will take the lead .
U.S. troops under U.S. command will support them .
In Baghdad specifically , there will be an overall Iraqi commander with two deputies and a commander for each of the nine districts in the city .
A U.S. Army battalion of 400 to 600 troops will work closely with the Iraqi forces in each district .
The U.S. forces will live in the neighborhoods they help protect , and no area will be off limits .
In other words , no safe havens for insurgents or those carrying out sectarian violence .
In earlier operations , political and sectarian interference prevented Iraqi and American forces from going into neighborhoods that are home to those fueling the sectarian violence .
This time , Iraqi and American forces will have a green light to enter those neighborhoods .
The expectation , that Baghdad will be stable by summer .
U.S. troops would then pull back to areas outside the capital , with Iraqis in control of security in all 18 provinces by November .
Then the 82nd Airborne , it 's already in Kuwait .
And Pentagon officials say that the new strategy in Iraq will not change its promise to soldiers to give them at least one year at home between deployments to Iraq -- Miles .
