CNN first met the Simmens family of Claremont , Florida , a year ago as they told us of their struggle to stay in the middle class .
In this week 's " Family Money " we find the Simmens family have added a child to their family in the last year and $ 15,000 of credit card debt .
For the Simmens family 2006 saw the birth of a baby boy , an eight-week maternity leave for Stephanie , a job change for Adam , a new addition to the house for grandpa and grandma who live with them , and a pile of bills .
The expenses went up , income went down , prices of diapers , formula , food , bread , a gallon of milk , everything .
Everything has gone up .
Last year the Simmens told us it was a badge of honor not to tap those credit cards .
This year
Stephanie , a third grade teacher , said they had no choice .
Our credit cards became our kind of source of a second income .
I went back to work early so that I could -- we could start paying off -- paying back some of those credit cards , and kind of trying to float back up to the top of the water again .
But Adam switched to a lower-paying job in private security , he says , for better health benefits .
That brought their income , they say , to just about $ 41,000 compared with $ 55,000 the year before .
Stephanie 's parent 's baby sit keeping their child care costs down .
High property tacks in Florida keep them out of a bigger house .
It 's not just my family .
I think most of the families here that are middle class are struggling .
We hear the same stories from teachers at school going through the same things , and I hear the parents going through the same things when we ask for extra money for projects or extra supplies , but , yet , we are considered the middle class .
And struggling to stay there .
The family tells us it is hopeful that 2007 will be a better year for them .
Adam starts a new county corrections job just this week .
If they can put the credit card bills behind them , then they can start thinking more about the future .
Jen .
Thanks , Christine .
Well there 's more to come here on IN THE MONEY .
Up next , so much for the big spending shoe addict .
More single women are working for their own money and saving it .
Stick around and watch us trash some stereotypes about unmarried women .
We 'll have tip on improving the financial lives they really lead .
Plus , clean out your desk .
We 're going to show you how Google treats its workers right down to the free workouts and the fancy food .
Stick around .
For the first time more than half of the 117 million women living in the United States are without husbands .
Our next guest says single women need to know more about their money than ever before .
Glinda Bridgeforth is a financial coach and the author of " Girl , Get Your Credit Straight . "
She is joining us from Detroit .
Thank you so much for joining us .
