You know , less and less , certainly .
Less and less .
I mean the first year is tough , you know ?
The first year is tough .
But , you know -- and there 's an -- there 's an old saying , you know , try 90 days without it and , you know , if you 're not happy and not doing better and your life has n't gotten better , we 'll refund your misery .
And , you know , it 's pretty -- it 's amazing how quickly things get better .
The tough thing about alcohol , also , is it 's inexpensive .
Yes , well ...
Right ?
I mean it 's an easy addiction .
Yes , I mean you start top shelf and then , you know , you end up somewhere down below .
Hard to stop ?
Yes , one of the hardest things I 've ever done and certainly the most valuable and the greatest gift .
We have an e-mail question from Rita in Greenville , South Carolina : " Every day I read of another celebrity entering rehab .
Do you think they are more prone than ordinary people to turn to alcohol and drugs ? "
That 's a good question .
I do n't think -- I do n't think that they are more prone .
I think they 're just more visible .
So there 's as many non -- maybe much more non-celebrities than celebrities in these places , right ?
Yes , I mean I -- I have not been to rehab myself , but I certainly know plenty of people who have and they 're not actors and they 're not in the entertainment industry .
Is this the kind of group where you contact other people who are coming in to help them ?
Well , it 's just a -- it 's just a , you know , it 's an amazing fellowship .
You know , you just -- you reach your hand out and it was freely given to me and I try to give it back as often as I can .
Men only ?
I try to gravitate toward men .
I mean women seem to complicate things for me ( LAUGHTER ) in the greatest way .
Before we talk about other things in your career , how is life now ?
Life is really good .
Life is really good .
You know , I never thought I would be at this place and I , you know , I 've learned to accept where I 'm at and I could n't be happier , you know ?
Was there a time where you -- you thought you would n't have a career again ?
Well , there was a time where I was n't sure I wanted a career .
Really ?
Oh , really ?
Sure .
Yes .
I was not happy with the opportunities I was getting and the kind of material and , you know , and I had always had this dream of directing .
And I decided I would start exploring that .
And it gave my life direction and focus and it kind of reinvigorated me .
And I have to say , being on " 24 " -- it had been about two years since I had acted .
And so I was n't , you know , I love the show and I loved the character , but I was n't sure I would love to do it .
And I have to say , after having done it , I love doing it .
And it 's kind of reminded me as to why I love acting .
And , you know , I know all jobs are n't this great .
And a lot of it is the people .
I mean the people on that set that , you know , I think you have -- like Howard Gordon , I mean , a lot of the other people , and Jon Cassar , who is one of the directors .
