Anna Nicole Smith .
Why was n't she ...
Well ...
... she was living with the baby .
I think she went to Florida to look at a yacht for a short period of time .
Well , here 's -- here 's -- here 's the question , though ...
... she died .
... though , Lisa .
Why are so many men coming forward to claim paternity ?
Are they just trying to wear this as a badge of honor ?
No.
Or are they after the money ?
They think this is a $ 400 million baby .
Yes .
This is ...
... because she was entitled ...
This is -- this is a financial ...
... to this huge judgment at one point .
It was reversed to zero , then went up to $ 80 million , reversed to zero again .
She won in the Supreme Court .
Mm-hmm .
So , she gets to keep fighting .
And even if...
That 's why .
... all the money ultimate goes to Dannielynn , the little baby , someone will have to be appointed a guardian for her ...
Yes .
... who will have control of that money for years , and will be presumably paid some fee for being a guardian .
So , even -- so , just being named the guardian and the -- you know , and the father would be the best candidate for -- for guardian -- you know , that 's a huge -- that 's a huge amount of money .
Yes , they 're not just signing up for diaper duty .
Well ... BLOO
I think there 's a pot of gold ...
Well , we do n't know , at this point , who the guardian is going to be , but , apparently , we have an idea of who the executor of the estate is going to be .
And that 's Howard K. Stern .
He said , in terms of his relationship with Anna Nicole Smith -- quote -- " I work for Anna exclusively , and I have for quite some time .
I 'm proud of that fact . "
Yes .
A lawyer with one client who has an extreme conflict of interest in this case .
Who he is sleeping with , yes .
... who was sleeping with her , who is also the executor of her will ?
Yes , shameful behavior .
Does that strike you as being a little odd ?
Shameful , unethical in every state .
And I wonder if someone is going to bring an action to say , he should n't be executor of her will .
He had a conflict of interest in doing that .
Who has standing to bring that lawsuit ?
Well ...
That 's the problem .
You know , maybe the father of the baby , in the name of the baby .
I mean , there 's so much litigation that 's ...
... she 's done before .
Because the baby is the heir , correct ?
The baby is clearly her legal heir .
Well -- I mean , well , we do n't -- I mean , we assume it is , if that is what is in the will .
I mean , if there 's a will , the will will say who is the heir .
The will -- the will says Daniel .
ROBERT
Although , apparently , what was in the will was that the money went to Daniel , right , the son .
Right .
