Trial transcripts reveal there was plenty of evidence that Aldrete Davala in fact had been transporting marijuana that day and again several months later .
The transcripts have actually weakened the government 's case .
It shows the behind the scenes maneuverings of the Justice Department .
It shows that the Justice Department clearly knew that Aldrete Davala was not just a small time drug dealer but a big time cartel member who smuggled numerous times .
Aldrete Davala admitted to another Border Patrol agent , a friend of the family , that he was smuggling a load of dope the day he was shot .
That admission came several days before prosecutors gave Aldrete Davala immunity .
Also a Homeland Security Department investigator testified at the trial that the smuggler violated the terms of his immunity agreement and the transcripts show prosecutors knew Aldrete Davala was connected to a second drug smuggling attempt .
They had him in custody .
He was in a federal courtroom .
It would have been a very simple matter to have one of the U.S. marshals put the cuffs on him and lead him out , charge him with those offenses .
And they failed to do that .
In fact , prosecutors worked diligently to keep the jury from hearing anything about Aldrete Davala 's drug smuggling history .
If someone has some evidence that Aldrete has committed a crime , I would love to have it and we would be happy to prosecute .
To this day , the government continues to target the agents , not the smuggler .
A spokesman for former agent Compean 's family tells us the Justice Department is now opposing a motion to release the agents on bond pending their appeal .
That is significant , Lou , because just several weeks ago , the Justice Department was taking no position on efforts by the agents to stay out of prison pending their appeal .
Lou ?
And any indication why their change of position ?
No indication from the attorneys representing the agents .
It seems to me they may be digging in their heels because of all the criticism that they 've been receiving now that these transcripts are out there , Lou .
Well , these transcripts , I mean , it took almost a year to get these transcripts of this trial .
Any explanation as to the reason for such an inexcusable delay ?
The simple explanation is that the transcripts were not requested until after the verdict was handed down and after the agents were sentenced .
So it 's a small , relatively small court in El Paso .
They say the person who does the transcripts is simply overwhelmed and that that person met the deadline imposed upon him by the appeals court .
So we have a situation now where it appears that both the U.S. attorney lied about the time reference for granting limited use immunity , is that correct , Casey ?
That appears to be correct , Lou , according to the documents , the evidence introduced in the case , absolutely .
And it appears that the inspector general in homeland security lied to the United States Congress about is the background for this whole case and as to where it started .
And to be what these agents had admitted to .
