Well we focus so much about drinking and driving , tell them to slow down , all those things .
And you forget , you know , you 're doing that -- you are giving them that advice , and you 're talking on the phone while you 're driving .
What 's the message ?
Right .
And everybody is working on their Blackberry when they 're not supposed to be .
And everybody is eating and --
Blackberrying and driving -- do n't do that .
They do .
That 's the message you send .
We knew 2006 was a bad year for Ford .
But how bad was it ?
About 24 minutes past the hour , Carrie Lee , " Minding Your Business " .
Historically bad , I guess you could say .
Historically bad , would be an understatement , Miles .
The numbers just in a few moments ago .
Ford posting its worst annual loss in its 103-year history ; $ 12.7 billion in losses in 2006 .
Nearly half of that , $ 5.8 billion , lost in the fourth quarter alone .
Bottom line , we know this story , high gas prices have put a crimp in sales , there is less demands for Fords bread & butter trucks and SUVs .
Japanese rivals continue to gain ground with their more fuel efficient cars .
Also , looking ahead , analysts say that 2007 is not going to be a great year for Detroit either .
In the case of Ford they 're not expecting a big rebound .
General Motors will report on Tuesday .
We will hear from Daimler-Chrysler mid-February .
One caveat , going forward , President Bush 's plan to raise fuel economy standards , if that happens it could force Detroit to come up to speed , compared to other makers , like Toyota and Honda .
But , of course , Miles and Soledad , Detroit would have to spend money to get there and raise their standards .
But that is the latest from Ford .
We 'll certainly be watching that stock today .
All right .
Carrie Lee , thank you very much .
Top stories of the morning are coming up next .
The war in Iraq , and the war on Capitol Hill .
A Senate push to stop the build up of troops .
How far will it go ?
And a break in a cold case , a cold-blooded murder .
What could be justice at last for a determined family , 43 years after some murders in Mississippi ?
A live report is ahead .
You are watching AMERICAN MORNING , the most news in morning , right here .
War of words : A Senate resolution says no to sending more troops to Iraq ; the vice president firing back , only on CNN.
Lying , withholding evidence , new and more serious charges against the former prosecutor in that Duke lacrosse case .
We 'll tell you what they are saying now .
Selling the fat to your kids .
A dangerous game found on the Internet that doubling as a junk food ad .
Those stories , and much more , ahead on this AMERICAN MORNING.
Welcome back , everybody .
Thursday , January 25th .
I 'm Soledad O'Brien .
I 'm Miles O'Brien .
We 're glad you are with us .
Happening this morning : Details emerging of a foiled plot to smuggle refined uranium , the kind used in nuclear bombs .
A Russian man caught trying to sell it , carrying it in a plastic bag in his pocket .
He is in jail now in the former Soviet Republic of Georgia .
He claimed to have enough uranium to make a small bomb .
