She can certainly be sued for malicious prosecution if the allegations are proven false .
But my guess is she does n` t have a lot of money , given her background and so forth .
Around a stripper pole .
Steven , thanks a lot .
Be back in a minute .
All right , welcome to " The Real Story . "
Now , on yesterday` s radio program , I asked listeners to call in with their predictions for 2007 .
Most of them were , you know , ridiculous , things like , you know , that this TV show would beat the TV Guide Channel in ratings in 2007 .
Hello ?
It` s the TV Guide Channel .
But there was one prediction that actually stood out .
A guy named Michael called me up , and told me that his prediction was that Phoenix , Arizona , would be involved with something huge this year on the terrorism front .
He said there have been too many stories involving that city lately for all of it to be coincidence .
Well , if you know me at all , I am just conspiratorial enough to be interested in something like that .
And lucky for me , probably unfortunately for you , I`ve also got a full TV staff of journalists to put to work on my whims and hunches .
So I did .
Here is " The Real Story " tonight .
Michael , you`re right : An awful lot of isolated incidents going on involving Phoenix .
And if you look at each of them individually , you kind of go , " Wow , that` s kind of interesting . "
But you put them all together ?
And , well , you decide .
First , you remember that FBI memo -- it came out right before 9/11 , caused this huge uproar politically because supposedly that was the document that had the idea that Osama bin Laden was sending terrorists to flight schools in the U.S.
And nobody did anything about it .
Well , guess what ?
You know what that memo was actually called ?
The " Phoenix memo , " because it was written by the Phoenix FBI .
It reads , in part , " Phoenix has observed an inordinate number of individuals of investigative interest who are attending civil aviation colleges in the state of Arizona . "
Hmm , interesting , right ?
Now , and when the 9/11 report finally was issued , it contained 59 references to terrorist activity in Arizona and mentioned , for the first time , the existence of a highly classified FBI-CIA report titled , " Arizona : Long Range Nexus for Islamic Extremists , " end quote .
That report still has n` t been made public .
We do n` t know what that says .
Nothing to see here people .
Move along .
Shh .
Now , fast forward .
Remember in past -- what was it ?
-- I think it was November .
The guy who was stopped by Detroit police and was found to be carrying $ 80,000 in cash , he had information about cyanide on him , nuclear power plants , and suitcase bombs , along with newspapers commemorating the 9/11 attacks .
Now , just in case you think all of that is a coincidence , he also had a handwritten note that said , quote , " This community is angry .
Something is going to happen .
We`re just going to see justice .
This is a powder keg waiting to go off , " end quote .
Oh , oh , I forgot one other thing that I failed to mention here .
When he was arrested , he was arrested in the airport on his way to Phoenix .
