And you guys are going to come back and talk to me in a little bit .
Seyward Darby , A.J. Donaldson , Cash Michaels , thanks .
The Duke story involves questions of race , privilege , sports , and sex .
It is apparently an irresistible combination -- coming up next , the making of a media firestorm , and whether the press rushed to judgment based on racial stereotypes .
We will be right back .
And welcome back .
We 're in Durham , North Carolina , tonight for our " Out in the Open " special , " The Duke Assault Case : A Question of Race . "
When the case broke just last March , it almost immediately became a nationwide sensation , thanks to the media , who shaped the story into a confrontation between stereotypes , a black stripper and a room full of rich white jocks .
We asked contributor Howard Kurtz , who covers the media for " The Washington Post " and CNN, to look into that aspect of the case .
From the moment last spring that three Duke University lacrosse players were accused of raping a young woman who had been hired to strip for some members of the team at a party , the story rocketed into the media stratosphere .
ROBIN ROBERTS , CO-HOS
Now to that explosive Duke sex scandal .
MATT LAUER , CO-HOST , " THE TODAY SHOW" : First , we want to talk more about the Duke rape case .
The case that has rocked one of America 's elite college campuses and divided the community around it .
It 's a story that everybody is talking about .
Television ca n't seem to get enough of it , the Duke University rape case .
And there were , to be sure , developments that were hard to ignore .
The university canceled the rest of the lacrosse season .
Mike Nifong , the DA in Durham , North Carolina , obtained indictments against the three players .
Their denials that any sexual contact had taken place were duly reported , but did nothing to quiet the media frenzy .
" Newsweek " put two of the defendants ' mug shots on the cover .
What would have been a local crime story needed a larger narrative to go national , a narrative that media organizations rushed to provide .
ABC 's Elizabeth Vargas raised " the question of whether college athletes feel they are above the law . "
CBS ' Trish Regan : " There 's a sense that it 's the wealth and the privilege and the power behind this university that 's protecting these students . "
CNN was no exception .
Pampered , privileged athletes getting away with just about everything , does that sound like Duke to you ?
If this were black athletes , would they be in jail right now ? yes .
Sometimes , words like "alleged " got dropped in the process .
Oh , you know what , Kevin ?
I 'm so glad they did n't miss a lacrosse game over a little thing like gang rape .
Camera crews were dispatched to the players ' homes in New Jersey and Long Island , as journalists pumped up the angle that these were affluent white kids , while the unnamed accuser was a single mother who went to a black college in Durham , a stark contrast , built on the assumption that they had abused her .
