The Bush administration is pushing and pushing hard a partnership between the United States and Mexico and Canada , with a goal of what it calls integration by 2010 .
This partnership among three nations is being discussed at the highest levels of the three governments at the urging of the largest multinational corporations , but it is barreling ahead with absolutely no congressional oversight , no voter approval , out of sight completely of the American people .
And as far as we can determine , without any constitutional authority whatsoever .
Christine Romans reports .
( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE )
Congressman Virgil Goode wants to stop the Security and Prosperity Partnership .
It will lead to a union between Canada , the United States , and Mexico .
And it will greatly harm the sovereignty of the United States .
It is part of the open borders philosophy to do away with borders .
And I vigorously oppose it .
Launched in 2005 , it 's a dramatic government and business effort to "harmonize regulations . "
The president promised , no matter who the players are in Washington , Mexico City and Ottawa , this bureaucracy is meant to endure .
And I appreciate the commitment of the prime minister and the president toward a spirit of partnership to outlast whatever politics may occur .
To critics , outlasting politics means skirting Congress and the will of the American people in secrecy .
It took a Freedom of Information request to find out what happened last fall .
Closed to the press , the North America forum was attended by the highest levels of business in government .
The conservative group Judicial Watch found ...
This is a forum where the push is for taxes , the push is for open borders .
The push is for investment funds for Mexico .
So all the talk is on one side of the equation .
Among the notes the Pentagon released of meeting , a goal of integration and " Open borders for industry and investment .
North America needs to be more competitive , and yet security goals seem to interfere with this outcome . "
And the admission , " Most people (are ) not compelled by North America integration need to identify steps that demonstrate the concept and success . "
Numerous documents advocate open borders between and a secure perimeter around the three countries , taking what 's called a continental vision .
It is a vision Congressman Goode does not share .
He will introduce this week a resolution opposing the Security and Prosperity Partnership -- Lou .
And some mindless and uninformed before suggesting that this is not even occurring .
I saw a number of articles suggesting whether it 's North American Union just is n't happening .
It 's a fiction as some wild conspiracy theory , yet it is absolutely documented , this administration continues to deny what is happening right in front of us , although it is happening with stealth and with secrecy , it 's happening .
The administration has a Web site called spp.gov.
It outlines myths and realities .
People can check it out themselves but there are a lot of questions about this , Lou .
You can check out our Web site , too , which is about truth .
We 'll let the administration have its own view of that truth .
And fortunately it seems to be one that they do n't want to share with a lot of Americans for some reason .
This is a very important story .
