They ran Air America kind of like a political campaign , where you based it on how many contributions you get , either in the form of investment or just backing .
And that is not the way you run a business in radio .
You have to sell advertising .
Who is -- who is the guy -- I mean , I know who he is , but who - - who in their right mind would buy this business and say , you know what , that` s a good investment ?
Why -- why not just unplug this damn thing ?
Well , I think anybody at this point who puts money into Air America wants the attention that comes with it , because Air America has gotten a disproportionate amount of attention in the media than its numbers or the reality of what it` s been would warrant .
So now the Greens are going to be the champions of the so-called liberal cause that is saving America from conservative talk radio .
You -- see , this does n` t make any sense to me .
I mean , you`ve got NPR on the radio , and they have been in business forever .
You have CBS .
Let me ask you this question .
I` m a conservative .
How many conservatives are sitting here at CNN? Come on , Jack .
I mean , you`ve got the voice of liberals everywhere in the media .
You make a good point , and that` s been the biggest myth about Air America , is that somehow all of radio is conservative talk radio , and it` s dominating American political activity .
Untrue .
Conservatives are very successful in talk radio , and they`ve gotten a tremendous buzz in the larger media , but the fact is , if you step back and you look at radio , NPR is moderate to liberal .
You have urban talk radio , which is predominantly Democratic .
OK .
Michael , thank you very much .
And the upside is for liberals they did n` t lose that much , only 41 million .
Back in a minute with the " The Real Story " on political pork .
Do n` t miss it .
All right .
Welcome to " The Real Story . "
I want you to remember all the way back to last Tuesday .
Now , yes , it was the day that Al Gore` s film strip finally got the recognition it deserved from the academy , but more importantly it was the day that President Bush said at his State of the Union this .
Next , there` s the matter of earmarks .
These special interest items are often slipped into bills at the last hour .
The time has come to end this practice , so let us work together to reform the budget process , expose every earmark to the light of day and to a vote in Congress , and cut the number and cost of earmarks at least in half by the end of this session .
Oh , that is -- no .
Stand up .
Stand up .
Come on .
All you guys , you deserved it .
It was great .
Look at all the pork-hating politicians there .
Good for you , little politicians .
Real story tonight : Actions speak much , much louder than any standing ovation .
The very next morning , the senators in that audience had a chance to actually prove how much they hated pork by voting for an amendment called " A Second Look at Wasteful Spending . "
Take a wild guess how many people voted for that : 46 Democrats voted against it ; 47 Republicans voted for it .
It needed 60 votes to stay alive .
