So , this was drafted up in -- in 2001 .
And there are actually questions about whether or not this will -- this will is actually valid , because of whether or not it was filed in court .
What is ...
Right .
What is that debate ?
Whether it was filed in court .
That 's required .
But that 's usually an issue when you have several different wills .
The one that 's been filed , registered , with the court is the most valid .
And we do n't have that here , as far as we know .
Right .
But there are also questions about whether she was competent to make the will , and whether or not , in the course of the events related to the current situation , the -- the death of her son ...
Right .
... the will is therefore declared invalid .
The only beneficiary is now dead .
Right .
So , then -- and then you have the other mess with the paternity , because what -- she 's named Howard K. Stern , who is claiming that Dannielynn is his , the executor of the will .
Yet , at the same time , what if it turns out that Larry Birkhead is indeed the father ?
Well , let 's assume for a moment that Larry is the dad ...
Right .
... and that the will is valid , two big assumptions .
That 's OK , because you can name anyone as executor .
It does n't have to be the dad .
And , in fact , in many cases , it 's not the dad .
It 's often some disinterested party .
I think there 's a big conflict of interest here for Howard K. Stern , especially if he was sleeping with his client .
He says he was n't .
But , if he 's the daddy , I guess , then , he was .
So , there are some questions there .
But , if Larry turns out to be the dad , you could have this bizarre circumstance of Dannie getting the money , the executor being Howard K. Stern , and the nemesis being the daddy .
Probably not going to happen , because , if the will is invalid , then Howard K. Stern is not the executor .
But that is one very bizarre possibility .
Does it strike you as strange that Anna Nicole , who , you know , has been through such notorious battles over money and court , would n't want to get a will nailed down a little better than this ?
Well , part of me was surprised that she had any will at all .
But now that we know she had one , you would wonder why she did n't amend it more recently , after having her daughter ...
... and certainly after the only beneficiary she named in this one died .
But then you have got to think like a human and not a lawyer .
I try to do that occasionally .
And this is a whom who had a baby , and then , immediately thereafter , lost her first child , her son .
And -- and , by all accounts , she loved her son dearly .
So , the emotions , the reeling -- and she was struggling with the -- the drug problem and -- and taking ...
Right .
We did n't know really acutely aware she was .
