She 's a licensed M.D.
She graduated from Temple University Medical School .
For a time , she worked as an emergency room doctor .
But Dr. Daniel 's image for helping people would later be challenged by many of her patients .
When Eugenia Vigiletti went to her office , she says Dr. Daniel said she could help her only if she bought her formula , which turned out to be expensive .
She had different price treatments -- $ 6,000 .
And she says and I also have a $ 1,000 one .
I says , ooh , I ca n't afford the $ 6,000 .
Well , what was the difference between the $ 1,000 treatment and the $ 6,000 treatment ?
I have no idea .
And I says , well , let me start with the $ 1,000 one .
A few days later , she says she received some liquids and pills in the mail .
She followed the treatment for a few months , but decided Dr. Daniel 's approach was n't for her .
She never put her hands on me , you know , to examine me or anything .
She never asked for any refills .
And now at 83 , she remains cancer-free .
Dr.
Daniel 's practice has caught the attention of federal and state investigators , who are looking into whether she committed fraud and broke laws by introducing unapproved drugs into the market .
Investigators tell CNN they have identified nearly two dozen people who took her mixtures .
Federal investigators believe by using religion to sell a "bogus miracle cancer cure , " Dr. Daniel raked in hundreds of thousands of dollars , maybe even millions .
According to the investigator 's affidavit , the price of her mixtures ranged from $ 350 a bottle to more than $ 4,200 .
Dr. Daniel claimed the higher the cost , the more potent the formula .
A Food and Drug Administration analysis of the mixtures showed one to be merely Vitamin C and caffeine .
Another formula contained beef extract .
And get this , sunscreen , which investigators found perplexing .
For Emily Rodriguez , Dr. Daniel 's treatments were far more costly .
Her daughter says Daniel wanted $ 11,000 up front just for the first few weeks of herbal supply .
Did that seem excessive to you ?
It did , but I mean , how can you put a price on your life ?
That 's why the family was willing to pay a lot of money for this brown powder .
The patient instructed to fill the empty capsules with it .
The Rodriguezes say they spent about $ 33,000 for a couple of months of Dr. Daniel 's treatment .
But Rodriguez 's cancer had spread before she began the herbal treatment and later died , but not before depleting the family 's entire savings .
Rodriguez was 47 .
Dr. Daniel 's attorney would n't return numerous phone calls .
As for Daniel herself , she denies any wrongdoing .
She declined to go on camera , but told CNN flat out that all of her alleged victims are lying .
At one point , she told us she never sold any products , period , only to contradict herself moments later , saying she has sold meals and yogurt .
She previously told KABC Television she did sell herbal products and conceded they were readily available over the counter .
Still , she said her faith-based medicine has helped many patients .
