So as we said , the tunnel has capped at either end .
You might be asking , why have n't -- why has n't the whole tunnel been filled in ?
We 're told by Customs and Border Patrol that they are still studying how best to do that .
In some cases , they are environmental concerns .
In other cases , the tunnels are below private property , and then there 's also the money .
At this point , there 's no funding mechanism to pay for it .
It would cost them $ 2.5 million to fill it all in .
Our " Shot " today is something we have n't seen in more than four months .
New video of Cuban leader Fidel Castro .
Today , Cuban television broadcast what it says is the ailing leader 's meeting with Venezuelan president , Hugo Chavez , yesterday .
Castro was dressed in a track suit again , and he looked heavier , perhaps , and healthier .
Chavez said the two leaders spent two hours discussing various topics , including the , quote , " threats of the empire " , a reference to the United States .
Castro ceded power to his brother Raul in late July before undergoing intestinal surgery .
The Cuban government has kept the specific details of his condition and recovery a secret .
Maybe a psychic could get some answers .
Maybe not .
We 're going to put one to the test .
A self-proclaimed psychic with something to prove .
There 's a lot of cases I 've solved right on the " Montel " show .
I also cracked the ski mask rapist case .
Sylvia Browne , wrong about Shawn Hornbeck .
She gave us a list of success stories .
We checked it out , but she might not like what we found .
Witness to a mystery woman .
The woman over there , take a good look at her , and I 'll tell you why later .
An alleged con artist on the run , a beloved daughter .
Two women , one mystery that you 're helping to solve .
New leads , new insight into a troubled young life , only on 360 .
As we mentioned earlier , several attacks today in Iraq , at least 50 people killed , most of it Sunni versus Shia violence .
In our next hour , in the 11 p.m. hour of 360 , we 're going to take a look inside the insurgency through the eyes of CNN 's Michael Ware .
You saw a bit of the interview a few moments ago .
So many gripping stories , including this one .
One day , as Michael tells it , he decided to meet face-to-face with some insurgents , and it almost cost him his life .
What happened is Al Qaeda said , " Well , we now own this . "
So I went in there to document this , to see if it was true , and to try and show this .
Are you nuts ?
Well ...
Do you ever ask yourself that ?
Yes , often , actually .
In the end , these men intercepted my vehicle and , with grenades with the pins pulled , so that they were live , hauled me from the car , and with my own video camera , now preparing to film my execution .
How Michael got away , what 's really happening on the ground in Iraq , it 's all part of a 360 special , starting at 11 , " Iraq : The Hidden Wars " .
