OK , now a lot of people believe this is some sort of cryptic message alerting extremists to an impending attack .
But the real story ?
It is reportedly part of a viral marketing campaign for the TV show " 24 ."
The reason I play it for you now is because I think it perfectly illustrates how easy it is in this day and age to play on people` s fears for just cash or ratings .
That , of course , is also exactly what happened yesterday in Boston , when police virtually shut the city down after finding suspicious-looking devices that turned out to be nothing more than an ad campaign for a late- night cartoon series owned by CNN` s parent company , TBS.
Wow , both the fake terrorist videos and bombs are completely idiotic , irresponsible , and , honestly , inexcusable .
I` m not sure if you`ve noticed , but terrorist hoaxes just are n` t as funny as they were before 9/11 .
The anthrax attacks , multiple beheadings kind of squeeze all the fun out of those hoaxes .
People write in all the time and accuse me of whipping up a frenzy against Islam .
They say I` m creating fear and mistrust of Arabs and I` m doing it just for ratings .
I`ve got news for you : I do it because I believe it with all my own heart .
But the only way we`ll ever understand each other is to have thoughtful , honest conversations that are based on the truth .
Now , if there` s ratings as a by-product , well , that` s because viewers agree .
But stunts like these absolutely kill any progress we make .
Hopefully whoever is responsible for both of these things will learn their lesson inside a prison cell .
If not , maybe , you know what , we can enroll them in , you know , in a radio contest to see who can drink the most water .
That would be funny .
And it just might prove how harmless it is to play with people` s lives for fun .
Next , imagine being a guy who donated big money to Joe Biden` s presidential campaign yesterday only to flip the TV on three minutes later and say , " What did he just say ? "
If you do n` t know the story , then , well , first of all , congratulations , you have a life .
But Senator Biden basically said that Barack Obama is , quote , " the first mainstream African- American who is articulate , and bright , and clean , and a nice-looking guy . "
Joe , I mean , I`ve never run for president , but I` m pretty sure that` s not going to help your chances of winning .
Of course , the media jumped on it like white on -- OK , probably a bad phrase .
Should n` t use that one .
But the media is involved now because they love nothing more than a good racism charge .
The real story is that I think everybody is missing today is not whether Joe Biden is a racist ; it` s about how people are exploiting or defending the possibility based on their own agenda .
I`ll be honest with you , I have virtually nothing in common with Joe Biden , but I could actually sympathize with him .
I think his statement was stupid , irresponsible , and , quite frankly , incorrect .
But I understand what it` s like to have every word you ever say examined by people who are looking to take you down .
