And next , I 'll be talking with one of the top supporters , some say the architect of those ideas to create a big old North America union .
Robert Pastor joins us from Washington .
And credit card companies under fire for sky-high interest rates , late fees , and all sorts of other penalties that they 're charging America 's struggling middle class .
We 'll have that report .
And senator Wayne Allard joins us .
He has a plan to stop illegal aliens from using stolen Social Security numbers .
He 'll be our guest as well .
Stay with us .
Consumers have run up almost a trillion dollars in debt on their credit cards .
Consumers pay almost $ 15 on every $ 100 of personal disposable income just to make interest payments on that debt .
With consumer debt at record levels , the Senate Banking Committee is turning its focus on the credit card industry and the way it 's doing business .
Bill Tucker reports on today 's Senate Banking Committee hearing .
Chairman Christopher Dodd began the hearing with some advice for the credit card companies .
Irrespective of the current legalities of such practices you should take a long hard look at how you treat your customers .
Six thousand companies issue credit cards , 640 million credit cards are in circulation , adding up to lots of debt .
ROBERT MANNING , "CREDIT CARD NATION" : I 've heard the term $ 9,300 is the average household debt .
But of the three out of five households that actually carry a debt , it 's over $ 13,000 .
That debt , a burden for consumers but a boom to the credit card companies .
They made $ 79 billion last year in interest and late fees .
Interest and late fees are two different things .
That 's absolutely true although ...
The late fees are the tricks and traps .
The interest is the legitimate ...
A 29 percent interest rate for being a few days late is not within the range of legitimate .
Legitimate or not , the credit card companies hold almost uncheck power over consumers .
Gentlemen , the credit card is one of the only credits throughout the common law of the United States and the common law of any country in which the superior bargaining entity has the right to change its terms at anytime .
Last year , consumers paid $ 17 billion in late fees alone .
Lou , to put that in perspective , that 's 10 times the amount the credit cards collected only a decade ago .
Well , the Senate is taking a look at this .
Last year the credit card companies -- actually 2005 , the credit card companies wrote the bankruptcy law of 2005 .
Does this suggest that the Senate 's actually going to do something about it ?
Today , Senator Dodd was content to put them on notice , Lou .
Saying you need to clean up your own act or we 're going to step in it and do it for you .
And at the moment , not committed to going any further than that .
OK .
Bill Tucker , thank you .
There are new proposals to protect working Americans from having their identities stolen by illegal aliens and others .
Identity theft , of course , is one way that illegal aliens obtain Social Security numbers so that they can work in the United States .
They use those stolen numbers to meet company hiring requirements .
I 'm joined now by the author of new legislation to stop identity theft .
Senator Wayne Allard from Colorado , Republican , good to have you here .
