I want to go out to a special guest joining us , Dr. Daniel Spitz , forensic pathologist and medical examiner .
Question , Dr. Spitz , how can they determine whether , as the affidavit says , a long , cylindrical object was used or a two-by-four was used ?
And also , Doctor , rigor had already set in .
Her body was stiffening .
Can` t we determine time of death ?
Well , first of all , you can certainly look at the wounds and evaluate the pattern that the instrument leaves on the skin to come to a conclusion as to the type of instrument that inflicted the blows .
You can usually narrow it down .
You ca n` t exclude everything , but you can narrow is down to a cylindrical object , or ...
But if her head was smashed like a watermelon , if they thought she had been shot , if she was beaten to that degree , how can they make out any imprint ?
Well , you can still forensically evaluate the wounds .
And certainly , you ca n` t do it at the scene .
You need to take the body back to the medical examiner department and shave the wounds and evaluate the wounds .
And once you`re able to do that ...
What do you mean , " shave the wounds " ?
What is that ?
Well , you shave the hair around the wound ...
The hair around the wound .
... so that you can forensically evaluate them , and measure them , and do the analysis that` s needed to come to a conclusion as to the type of object that was used to inflict the wounds .
In regards to the rigor and the cooling of the body , certainly that tells you that she had been dead for certainly several hours , which puts her death several hours before the noon hour , if she was found at 1:30 .
When you say " several hours , " what do you mean by several hours ?
And her body was cold .
Yes , if her body was cold and the rigor had set in , that takes several hours .
Certainly , it could be four , five hours .
It could be a little bit longer .
But certainly it fits with her death occurring ...
What` s the minimum ?
What` s the minimum time , four hours ?
Well , it depends on the environment .
And assuming that her environment was a room-temperature-type , comfortable environment , certainly four or five hours would be very consistent .
Let` s backtrack then .
If he comes home -- let` s just say 1:15 , because he makes a call at 1:45 -- we`re backtracking four hours , give me your best estimate of the time of death .
Sometime in the morning hours of that same day .
So 1:00 , 12:00 , 11:00 , 10:00 , he leaves that morning at 9:30 .
So that` s giving us a 30-minute to one-hour window when someone comes into a clearly occupied home and commits hari-kari .
Another issue , we just spoke to his attorney -- a veteran trial lawyer , I might add -- representing this Ivy League professor , Frank Genovese , who states that his client did not likely park in the garage .
Good that you`re saying that , because the bloody footprints go to the garage where the car would have been .
Then it all stops .
They do n` t leave the garage .
They do n` t backtrack into the house .
