Our priorities are to make sure our troops have what it takes to do their jobs .
President Bush requests more money to fund the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
But is the right battle plan in place ?
We 'll ask the former commander of U.S. forces in Afghanistan , Lieutenant General Karl Eikenberry .
We 're responding to a number of Iranian policies , both in Iraq and around the world , that are actually quite dangerous for our national security .
Is America headed for war with Iran ?
We 'll get analysis from two experts : former DIA intelligence analyst Colonel Pat Lang , and Ray Takeyh from the Council on Foreign Relations .
It 's going to be an exciting race .
I think it 's the best field .
Playing party politics .
We 'll talk to former Democratic Party chairman Terry McAuliffe about the race for the White House , why he supports Senator Hillary Clinton and his new book , " What A Party . "
Live from CNN in Washington , this is " Late Edition " with Wolf Blitzer .
Welcome back .
With the focus on Iraq , is the United States losing ground in Afghanistan ?
We 'll talk with the former commander of U.S. forces in Afghanistan , Lieutenant General Karl Eikenberry in just a moment .
First though , let 's check in with Fredricka Whitfield for a quick look at what 's in the news right now -- Fred .
Thanks very much , Fred .
New warnings today in Iraq that some of the deadliest weapons targeting Americans may be originating in Iran .
CNN 's Michael Ware , joining us live from Baghdad with the latest .
Michael , this briefing that you had today made the case that the Iranians are directly providing weapons , sophisticated munitions , to Iraqi Shia militia forces and those weapons are killing Americans .
What information , what evidence did they have to back that up ?
Well , Wolf , what we saw was American officials come out today and paint the picture of a program , a campaign , that Iran is using to kill American soldiers here in Iraq through Iraqi proxies or surrogates that they 're arming , funding and directing .
Now , foremost amongst the weapons that are being given , says U.S. military intelligence , is the most deadly roadside bomb being used in this war .
It 's called an explosively formed penetrator .
And essentially , it 's so powerful , it can punch through the heaviest armor on an American battle tank .
U.S. military intelligence says since this weapon 's introduction in May 2004 , at least 170 American soldiers have died .
Now , that 's as a result of this Iranian weapon .
They also say today , in this briefing , that the Iranian elite Qods Force unit is supplying weapons to Shia insurgent groups and political factions and among them is mortars , sniper rifles , all sorts of weapons that have been used , not just against other Iraqis , but against Americans .
Here are two mortar tail fins that U.S. military intelligence says have come from Iran .
Now , here on CNN, we aired these last year .
But they 're precisely the same kind we saw in the briefing today .
The markings , according to military intelligence , clearly trace them back to Iran , manufactured only last year .
So , they 've only recently come into the country , 81 millimeter .
