We did n't get this one from eBay , though we noticed that some of them are actually on sale on eBay right now .
One seller will apparently hand over this outer space delinquent if you shell out more than $ 2,000 .
CNN 's Gary Tuchman joins us with a 360 news and business bulletin -- Gary .
Anderson , hello to you .
It 's a chilly night here in the Southeast .
A winter storm blanketed parts of the western Carolinas and north Georgia today .
Up to four inches of show fell in some spots .
Schools were closed , and flights were grounded at area airports .
More than 2,000 homes and businesses lost power in North Carolina .
On Wall Street , a record day -- the Dow hit a new high , 12673 , up 52 points .
The Nasdaq added nearly five .
And the S&P gained seven points .
ExxonMobil posted a record $ 39.5 billion in profits in 2006 , the largest ever by any U.S. company .
You do the math , that 's about $ 4.5 million an hour .
And here 's something you rarely hear about , a thief with a conscience .
Joanne Robinson lost her purse containing her will , $ 12,000 in bonds , and two rings at a Kansas supermarket nine months ago .
Last week , the purse arrived in the mail with all of its contents , including a money order for the $ 89.20 in cash the thief took from the purse .
The sender included a note explaining why he kept the purse and asking for forgiveness .
Anderson ...
Wow .
... that is my kind of thief .
That 's amazing .
Some guilty pleasures coming up -- the question is , will they make you fit or fat ? 360 M.D. Dr. Gupta answering your e-mails about exercise and diet .
Also : a story tonight that will , well , certainly ruin your appetite .
A seventh-grader with a secret .
I do n't understand how a 29-year-old male can be misunderstood as a seventh-grader .
Good question , because police say he was a sexual predator .
And that 's not the half of it .
Wait until you hear about his so-called family -- ahead on 360 .
Pulled over and pregnant and bleeding .
She just gave me a long line of excuses , says she 's bleeding .
She says she belonged in the hospital .
They gave her a cell .
Now she 's taking them to court -- ahead on 360 .
The video you 're seeing right there was shot by CNN 's Michael Ware when he was embedded with American forces in Ramadi .
Coming up in the next hour of 360 , Michael brings you to the stories you have n't heard about the war .
He says there are actually four wars in Iraq , not just one .
He 'll lay it all out for us .
We 're devoting the whole hour , our next hour to the conversation with Michael Ware .
You 'll also hear about his close brush with death .
Listen .
These men intercepted my vehicle and , with grenades with the pins pulled so that they were live , pulled me from the car and with my own video camera , now preparing to film my execution .
How Michael escaped and his unparalleled insight in Iraq .
What you need to know .
It 's an encore of our special , " Iraq : The Hidden Wars " .
It starts at 11 p.m.
We really got hundreds of e- mails from -- we aired this once before , hundreds of e-mails from people saying it was the best explanation they have heard about the war in Iraq .
