How do you know he does n't have the rights ?
Well , according to the contract , the rights do n't revert to him as of yet , and they do n't revert to him until no sooner than approximately a year from now -- or later this year , I should say .
That 's the earliest that they could revert to him at all , on the assumption that they will .
If you got the rights , what would you do with them ?
Make sure no one else touches it and make sure no one else publishes the book .
You never want that in print .
I do n't want to ever see it in print , frankly .
If , frankly , at this point , the only thing that seems to be coming of this is that it 's a reaffirmation of his guilt .
But the fact is , he 's been rewarded for writing the book , and I do n't need to give him in any way any more publicity than he takes .
Does the article in " Newsweek " give you any kind of closure ?
No, it never will .
KIN
No ?
Closure never comes .
I 'm reminded of on an everyday basis that Ron was stolen from us , was murdered .
Every day is a constant reminder of the things that Ron could not continue in his life and the things that we will never be able to share with Ron .
The $ 800,000 or maybe more that O.J. was paid for the book , do you have any plans to try and get that money from him ?
Absolutely .
We have action at -- right now against the killer and also Lorraine Brook ( ph ) , the shell company that was formed to receive the fraudulent conveyance of money .
And there 's no question that that company was formed precisely for getting the money from Regan Books , ultimately to the killer .
On the one hand , the killer says he did it for his children , for their education .
On the other hand , he -- he actually has stated that he paid tax obligations with it and bills .
So we know he received the money .
He has as much as admitted to it .
Do you know where it is ?
Well , there 's , without question , he has it stashed away in some bank account somewhere .
He has -- I would not think he spent it all .
He 's found a way to bury it someplace , you know , in the same way he 's done everything else sneaky in his life .
We will be right back with some more moments with Fred Goldman on this never-ending saga .
Do n't go away .
We the jury in the above-entitled action find the defendant , Orenthal James Simpson , not guilty of the crime of murder .
Ladies and gentlemen of the jury , is this your verdict , so say you one , so say you all ?
All right , the defendant , having been acquitted of both charges , he 's ordered transported to an appropriate facility and released forthwith .
Show that to the jury , Mr. Simpson .
Thank you .
O.J. Simpson in a knit cap from two blocks away is still O.J. Simpson .
It 's no disguise .
It 's no disguise .
It makes no sense .
It does n't fit .
If it does n't fit , you must acquit .
