Absolutely .
I mean , if you put yourself in their position -- for example , Elizabeth , that night she was taken , her sister was sitting there watching this whole thing happen , seeing the knife at her side , and being told , if you yell out , I 'm going to kill you and I 'm going to kill your family .
You know , when you have got a knife at your side , certainly , that is about as real as life comes .
And , you know , not only is pressure on her survival , but : What 's going to happen to my family ?
You know , when I hear comments made that , you know , well , he did n't want to go back to school , that 's why he never broke out , I -- I just think they 're inexcusable .
Those children , I believe , feel responsible , not only for their own selves , but for their families and : What happens if I do n't do what he tells me to do ?
And , since they have experienced firsthand a relative amount of violence , you know , they know that that 's very real , and this guy 's capable of doing it .
Ben Ownby said today that he 's ready to go back to school .
I know Elizabeth is back in school .
She 's at Brigham Young University Home .
How -- how is she doing ?
SMAR
She 's doing so well .
I -- I just have all the hope for both Ben and Shawn that they can get back in school , that , you know , on -- in Elizabeth 's case , when she got back to school , for the most part , the kids were terrific .
Her friends were there for her .
And , you know , they just took her right back in .
And , you know , she was Elizabeth , not the Elizabeth Smart that was abducted .
Well , let 's hope Ben and Shawn can be treated just the same way .
Ed , thanks for -- thanks for talking .
Thank you , Anderson .
Well , a remarkable story .
We have much more ahead on this story .
Plus : Barack Obama making a first step toward a presidential run .
We will find out why some political reporters are calling him the best candidate since Bill Clinton ?
And later : the reality of Iraq and the murky rules the military has about civilian casualties .
To say that the little girl who is walking to the market with her mother is not going to get shot , you know , that is wishful thinking .
The terrible cost of war -- how much is a life worth ?
How about an Iraqi life ?
We 're following the money and " Keeping Them Honest . "
Well , in the months since Hurricane Katrina hit , we brought you a lot of heart breaking stories of devastation and incredible stories of survival .
Tonight , the dramatic rescue you have n't heard about .
Literally , like you were carrying eggs .
You treated them very gently .
You did n't want to tip them over , rock them .
And we treated them with , you know , very special care .
Fourteen hundred frozen embryos were saved from the rising waters .
Today , 16 months after the hurricane hit , a baby boy was born .
You 're going to meet his proud parents and hear their incredible story in our next hour .
That 's in the 11 p.m. hour of 360 .
