I know .
So I 'd rather be around .
I know .
And that 's one of the reasons I love you is that you , after being in this business and doing all these interviews for 50 years , you 're still so vulnerable and you 're still -- you have an open mind , not so much the brain -- that your brains fall out , but you 're still very open-minded .
And you have asked me on the street one day -- I 'll never forget it , in front of the Peninsula Hotel , you literally came over and you said , " Nay , why are you so darned happy ?
What 's your secret ? "
And I told you ?
You forgot .
No, you -- you believe .
I believe , yes .
I know .
I believe .
I -- I 'm a believer .
Now ...
Well , that 's ...
... that makes all the difference in the world .
That helps you .
Yes .
Yes .
And one time I interviewed you and I asked you what would be the first question you would ask god .
Do you remember what you said ?
Did you have a son ?
Yes .
I thought that was the greatest answer ever .
Or a daughter .
Of course you could show the world into chaos , depending on the answer .
I mean ...
That 's the next show .
It could affect a lot of...
OK .
Getting back to that question , I think that you have to acknowledge that death is inevitable .
I 've given -- I 've been there to help most -- I 've caught babies as a midwife .
I 've also had the exquisite privilege of being with people when they made the passage .
So I 've been at both ends of the spectrum .
And I can tell you that you should start thinking about your passing just like you 're planning a wedding or getting ready for Christmas .
You absolutely need to do that .
All right ...
Death is our last taboo .
You tell me , why is it that -- we talk about stuff we should n't talk about ...
Because it 's the unknown .
But you can sort of start wrapping your mind around it and it really helps you live better .
When we come back , all three of them are big stars .
So how does that affect the way Naomi , Wynonna and Ashley Judd celebrated the holidays ?
Naomi gives us some surprising holiday details .
And we 'll talk about how the kids are doing , when we come back .
Well , good night .
The lord 's coming .
Good night , the lord 's coming .
Good night , the lord 's coming , knocking at the door , the door flew open and the love comes streaming down .
Lord , down .
Lord , down .
We 're back with the acclaimed Naomi Judd , one of my favorite people , the Grammy Award-winning country music star , author of " Naomi 's Guide to Aging Gratefully : Facts , Myths and Good News for Boomers . "
Can't go an hour without talking about the kids .
How is Wynonna doing ?
Miss Sprungoffs ( ph ) is so out and about right now .
She 's very popular .
She had a fabulous Christmas album .
How is she doing with the weight ?
The emotional -- she was telling us about it .
