I want her buried with her son in the Bahamas .
I want them to be together .
But can all sides work together and let Anna Nicole Smith finally rest in peace ?
Living with autism in a world made for others .
Would you define yourself as an autistic person , Amanda ?
That 's the word for people whose grades look like mine last I checked .
One woman 's crusade to change your expectations , when 360 continues .
I have suffered with this .
I have struggled with this .
I have shed tears for your -- your little girl and your -- and your grandchild .
An emotional end to the strange courtroom battle over Anna Nicole Smith 's body .
The judge who entertained courtroom observers with his antics during the hearing broke down while announcing his decision , and that was just how the day ended .
Once again , here 's CNN 's Randi Kaye .
The final day did not disappoint .
Anything that I make for any of the photos is going to fight for my daughter .
And if I have to sell more photograph , if I have to sell this shirt or this tie , I 'm going to sell it .
Larry Birkhead , Anna Nicole Smith 's former boyfriend , testified about his failed attempts to get her off prescription drugs , even during her pregnancy .
At times I took her medicine and I was told by Mr. Stern to give it back to her because she needed it to live .
More than once birkhead blamed Howard K. Stern , Smith 's lawyer and companion , who like Birkhead is also claiming he is the father of Smith 's baby daughter , Dannielynn .
And they kept bringing more and more drugs in the house .
Even Judge Larry Seidlin at one point wondered out loud if Stern was n't at least partially responsible .
He would be called maybe an enabler because he -- your objection so noted .
He lived in the home .
Always a showman , the judge pontificated ...
Anna Nicole Smith was one complicated individual .
Shakespeare -- she could have filled maybe the character in Shakespeare and Hamlet , Ophelia ...
... and played coach .
My friend , we 're searching to get up that mountain .
Just search with me , get me the truth .
Virgie Arthur 's lawyers finally got their turn and played a video clip for the court , home video that Stern shot of Smith in the Bahamas when she was pregnant , apparently drugged and dressed in clown makeup .
Is this a mushroom trip ?
Huh ?
Is this a mushroom trip ?
Huh ?
Is this a mushroom trip ?
What do you mean ?
I 'm kidding .
Then the really big twist of the day .
I 'm done .
The judge said he would rule in minutes rather than wait another day .
Justice is not perfect .
It 's what ... KAY
Finally , the decision .
... Richard Milstein , Esquire , as the guardian ad litem for Dannielynn Hope Marshall Stern , is awarded custody of the remains of Anna Nicole Smith .
He punted .
He gave all of the authority and jurisdiction to the guardian ad litem .
He did n't give custody of the body to either of the parties that came forward to him .
