It was Cherrie who put a face on missing children nationwide .
The first child ever on a " Have you Seen Me ? " mailer delivered to homes around the country .
That was her dog and that was her cat .
This year , Cherrie would be 31 .
And this is what investigators think she might look like .
After 13 years of searching , Cherrie 's family asked the state to officially declare her dead .
But at the family cemetery plot , there is an angel , not a grave stone .
We live in a society where we need to see something .
Until I see something or hold something or know something , I ca n't put it to rest yet .
Janice McKinney calls what happened in Missouri a miracle .
Twenty-two years later , she 's still waiting for hers .
Randi Kaye , CNN, Mars , Pennsylvania .
It is hard to imagine what that wait is like .
Janice McKinney 's story , sadly is n't unique .
Patty Wetterling 's son , Jacob , was kidnapped 17 years ago when he was just 11 .
He would be 28 today .
His mother , Patty , has turned her grief into activism , and she joins me now .
Patty , thanks for being with us .
I 'm sorry it 's under these circumstances .
Tell us about your son , Jacob .
He was abducted in 1989 .
What happened ?
PATTY WETTERLING , SON MISSING SINCE 1989 : He was biking home from a convenience store with his brother and his best friend , when a man with a gun confronted them about a half a mile from our house .
The man let two of the boys go and kept Jacob and they ran home and said , call 911 , somebody took Jacob .
And it 's been the largest manhunt Minnesota has ever known .
It still continues .
And there have no doubt been ups and downs over these years .
What -- how do you get through it ?
You get through it on hope and the belief that if we , as a nation , held hands and combed this nation , we would find more missing children .
And I believe that fewer would be taken because of the awareness .
This is a great moment to look at the problem of missing children and let 's all address it .
It does seem like , you know , you hear the details , and we 're just starting to get the details from Shaw n 's case .
But you know , there were neighbors who must have seen that Shawn was n't going to school .
I mean , an 11-year-old boy for all these years not enrolled in school .
There were people who must have -- you know , there was one mother who even said , oh , you kind of look like that missing child , Shawn .
And he sort of laughed it off .
Are there things that -- do people need to sort of open their eyes to the reality of what can happen ?
I do believe that .
We -- most missing children come home because an everyday citizen is aware of a situation that does n't look quite right .
Trust your gut instincts .
Look at the pictures of missing children and then call the police .
