Then , just a couple of days ago , officials in New York and New Jersey concluded their investigation and made the long-awaited announcement to what caused that smell .
Here it is : The official cause of the multi-state gas odor was : no idea .
No, seriously .
I mean , not the slightest clue from these clowns .
The real story tonight : I do n` t really feel so safe anymore here in New York City .
I mean , this is the largest city in the country , and it was literally blanketed with the smell of natural gas .
And the city` s response to the media was , quote , " Well , you know , odors are elusive . "
Really ?
So , how could you be so sure that it , you know , was n` t some sort of terrorist dry run ?
When you`re closing your investigation without , I mean , even the teeny weenie , little itsy bitsy idea of what might have caused it , you could come out and say , " It definitely was n` t this , though . "
You know , I hate to be Mr. Logical here , but if you do n` t know what the smell was , how could you possibly be sure what it was n`t ?
And , honestly , if you are telling the truth , and you really do n` t know what caused it , could we maybe keep that one to ourselves ?
I` m just thinking that maybe we should keep that info from the terrorists .
Right now , in my head , at least , I` m seeing a bunch of extremists in Afghanistan looking at each other saying , " This is total sweetness .
They just invented our next attack for us , and they`ll never see it coming .
Just make it smell like egg salad . "
I` m a big fan of the show " 24 ."
The other night , the season premiere was on , and in it they contemplated locking up Muslims in prison camps .
Quote , one argument was , just it will make the American people feel better .
Well , you know what ?
I`d just like to state here , I do n` t want to just feel better about our security .
I want to actually be better when it comes to our security .
So I want you to keep working on this one , New York and New Jersey , until you figure out what that smell was , where it came from , and how it spread , instead of just giving up because , well , you know , odors are elusive , really .
Next , I` m kind of a rookie in this whole cable news business -- you know , like you could n` t tell from watching this show every night -- but well before I walked through the door here , I already knew that each of the news networks had a distinct political reputation .
So when Bill O` Reilly from FOX News recently accused NBC of being liberal , it was n`t , at least to me , exactly like finding out Bruce Willis was dead at the end of " Sixth Sense . "
Oh , jeez .
Did I wreck the end for you ?
The real story tonight is that Bill O` Reilly is wrong .
Networks themselves do n` t have a political leaning , but those people on the networks do .
And the people who work in the networks do , as well .
The only question is whether they`re going to tell you about it and be honest with you .
