And in this war of words , President Bush had a little surprise for his detractors at the State of the Union speech , forcing them with some cleverly crafted language , to give his plan a standing ovation .
Our country is pursuing a new strategy in Iraq , and I ask you to give it a chance to work .
And I ask you to support our troops in the field and those on their way .
It was just a small poke in the eye to his opponents and a reminder that , for the moment at least , he 's going to do what he wants .
John Roberts , CNN, Washington .
And that 's really the question .
How long can the president do what he wants with Iraq ?
Joining me now , Democratic Strategist Paul Begala and Republican Strategist Mike Murphy .
Guys , thanks for being with us .
Mike , as you know , the ranking Republican on the committee Senator Richard Lugar said , and I quote , " This vote will force nothing on the President , but it will confirm to our friends and allies that we are divided and in disarray . "
Do you buy that ?
Yes , I do .
And I think General Petraeus made that point , too .
Kind of the sad irony here is that all the political ( UNINTELLIGIBLE ) at home does undercut the strategy because it shows , you know , that the president is in a position of political weakness and all the bad guys have to do is wait them out because they know this kind of shot clock is ticking on him .
So I...
Is n't that also an argument used by Republicans to stifle the debate ?
Well , it is .
But I think it happens to be true .
I mean , the great challenge of democracy is we make our kind of hard - headed national security decisions within the realm of public opinion , which can move around .
I mean , when Hitler knocked over France , 70 percent of Americans -- and I believe it was a Gallup or Roper poll , did n't want to get involved in World War II .
And so we -- it is a cross-pressure that statesmen and democracies face .
You know , it 's one of the good -- it 's good to be a democracy , but it 's one of the burdens you carry .
So you have this home front which can affect how people you 're negotiating with in an adversarial situation overseas see you as weak .
And so even if you believe the president 's plan could work -- and I have some hope for it -- it is undercut by the fact that the people who are supposed to , you know , fear his new aggressive plan know that time is ticking out here in Washington politics .
That is such -- let me quote our vice president .
That is such hog wash .
That is such a load of garbage from a guy like Richard Lugar , who is a respected thinker on foreign affairs .
First off , he 's wrong militarily .
OK ? President Clinton took us to war in Bosnia and Kosovo , and he had the bitter opposition of the Republican controlled Congress .
They refused to vote to support our effort in Bosnia and Kosovo .
And guess what , we won the war in 100 days .
It did n't break the morale of our troops .
And it did n't put spine in the enemy over there .
It was a competently executed war with a smart plan and a sensible exit strategy and we won .
