Good morning , Soledad .
Good morning .
You know he is one of the most popular Democratic hopefuls for 2008 .
Yes , maybe you heard about this guy , Barack Obama .
Well , Senator Obama , now , he 's scheduled a major campaign announcement for tomorrow morning , and CNN with the best political team on TV , will bring you live coverage when that happens .
Also , should married couples , get this , be required to have children or face annulment ?
A group wants to make that a law in Washington State .
And so find out why and what it has to do with same-sex marriage .
Plus , what happens when you have Joe Pesci and the Beatles ?
Well , it just puts you in the mood .
We 're going to run down ...
Or out of it .
... run down the worst love songs of all time for Valentine 's Day .
And that one is up there , believe you , me .
All that , plus live reports from around the world .
That begins tomorrow at 7:00 Eastern .
So , Soledad , you like the song ?
I 've got to tell you ...
I 'm sorry , I love that song .
I like the song .
And Joe Pesci is not so bad .
I 'd say he was better than I thought he would be .
Really ?
It did n't make me want to run out and call my husband and say , " Hey , baby .
How are you doing ? "
He 's not Barry White .
He 's no Barry White .
But who is ?
Not everybody can be Barry White .
We 'll leave you alone .
Thanks , Soledad .
It was n't horrible -- kind of .
All right .
Let 's talk about another Super Bowl ad that 's under fire for being insensitive .
Twenty-eight minutes past the hour and Stephanie 's " Minding Your Business . "
Good morning .
Good morning .
It makes you wonder , if you pay $ 2.6 million for an ad during the Super Bowl and more people are upset after it runs , is that better for the company overall ?
So we have already heard one commercial that had an issue .
But now we 've got a new one .
Let 's talk a little about the GM ad .
And you may remember this one .
It seemed so sad when you were watching it .
It was all going along with the tune of " All By Myself , " and it showed a robot that was actually dreaming about killing himself if he just did n't live up to GM standards .
And then he wakes up and he keeps on going with his job .
Well , a suicide prevention group had a problem with the overall commercial , saying it might give people the idea that killing themselves is a good idea if you have problems .
At this point , GM says that they 're not going to get rid of the ad , but it does make you wonder if they 're thinking all this hoopla gets more people thinking about GM ? Who knows .
Let 's move on and take a look , though , at the other big topic of this week when it came to Super Bowl ads , and that was definitely Snickers .
Obviously , that ad did get pulled after some groups said that overall , this was just a homophobic commercial when it showed two men lip-locking over their need to have a Snickers .
