Yes .
Of course this week we 're going to be focusing on that fierce fight in Baghdad .
Yes , right there , it is the battle for Haifa Street .
And you 're going to get to see combat up close .
You 'll hear from the soldiers and find out why this could be a turning point in the Iraq war .
Also , taking faith to the extreme .
We 'll take you overseas to one of the most colorful and one of the largest gatherings of human beings on Earth .
That 's coming up in our " Faces of Faith . "
Plus , are you an alternadad ?
Here 's what it is .
Right there , you see him , Brad Pitt .
So is soccer superstar David Beckham ; Oscar nominee Will Smith ; even skateboard mogul Tony Hawk .
They 're all part of a new hipster parenting culture .
We 'll explain .
They 're all rich , too .
Find out if you , too , are an alternadad .
And we talk with the man who wrote the book on this phenomenon .
You do n't want to miss it .
"CNN SATURDAY " and "SUNDAY MORNING " beginning tomorrow at 7:00 Eastern -- Soledad .
An alternadad ?
What do they do ?
They 're involved with their kids -- raising their kids ?
Yes , right .
They 're just being a dad like they 're supposed to be .
Alternadads .
Yes .
But as T.J. said , with more money .
A lot more money .
They 're cool .
If you 're Tony Hawk , you 're cool .
All right , guys .
Thanks .
We 'll see you this weekend .
See you .
Sure .
Top stories of the morning are coming up next , including a fresh look at what happens to a town when immigration agents make a dramatic raid .
Plus , the Senate is considering a second resolution over how to respond to the president 's plan for Iraq .
A live report from Capitol Hill is ahead .
You 're watching AMERICAN MORNING.
The most news in the morning is right here on CNN.
The Senate is now considering a second Iraq resolution , this one from Republican Senator John Warner .
CNN 's Congressional Correspondent Dana Bash live from Capitol Hill with more on that .
Hey , Dana , good morning .
Good morning , Soledad .
And we expect the Senate debate to be probably the week after next now , and it will , for sure , be one of the most spirited and confrontational debates on Iraq , especially towards the White House , than we 've seen in the four years since the war started , and it 's not so much because Democrats now run Congress , it 's because Republicans , so many of them now , oppose the president 's plan to increase troop levels in Iraq .
Now , as you mentioned , one of the Republicans who feels that way is the influential senior senator from Virginia , John Warner , the former Armed Services chairman .
He has cosponsored , with several other Republicans , a resolution .
And last nights he rejected Democratic leaders who said they wanted to join forces and come up with one big resolution .
He said that simply his language is a little bit less confrontational toward the White House , so he 's going to keep his the way it is .
But the bottom line is we are going to see two major resolutions , bipartisan resolutions , opposing the president .
That 's why Senator John McCain , one of the most vocal supporters of a troop increase , he 's working on an alternative .
He said yesterday , though , that he understands that some of his Republican colleagues are frustrated with the White House because of what he calls their rosy scenarios about Iraq .
