And here we are at the height of the skinny model debate .
We`re going to take you behind closed doors at a major modeling agency , where you see very thin girls getting called Pillsbury dough boy and fat cow , among other things .
We`re going to find out what` s going on from the head of Wilamina Models , also the star of a new reality show , coming up on SHOWBIZ TONIGHT.
Welcome back to SHOWBIZ TONIGHT.
It` s 30 minutes past the hour .
I` m A.J. Hammer in New York .
And I` m Brooke Anderson in Hollywood .
You`re watching TV` s most provocative entertainment news show .
All right .
In case you missed it , and quite honestly that would have been hard to do because the whole world seems to have been talking about it , this weekend Britney Spears shaved her head .
That` s right .
She went Kojack on us .
We`re a little worried about you , Brit .
It` s not just this "hair"-brained move , it` s the panty-less partying , the K-Fed divorce , what will probably be a nasty custody battle over her two kids .
Oy vey ! Here` s what happened .
Last Thursday Britney reportedly checked into Eric Clapton` s Crossroads rehab center in Antigua , but checked less than 24 hours later .
Then Britney flew home to Los Angeles , she reportedly sat in coach , perish the thought .
After she gets home , she heads to a hair salon , demands that they shave her head .
And when they refuse , she grabs the clippers and takes it all off herself .
And then she stops by a tattoo parlor for some ink .
She got a pair of lips on her wrist and a cross on her lower back .
And does Brit run right home , balling over her baldness ?
No.
She was out last night partying in Hollywood , wearing a blonde short wig .
so what was the point of shaving her head if she` s going to wear a wig now ?
OK .
Anyway , and what was it like when Britney "wigged " out ?
Was she walking the razor` s edge by taking clippers to her head or was it simply a case of taking control of her life and getting her head in a better place ?
Now that we`ve got all of those puns out of the way , let` s get a first-hand account of the " shear madness , " one more , from the Southern California salon` s owner , Esther Tognozzi .
Well , my assistant and I were closing up .
Actually , we had locked the door , because it gets really scary around here because we`re set back from the boulevard .
And all of a sudden there were lights flashing and we thought it was the police or somebody got into an accident .
And they asked us to open the door .
We opened the door .
And Britney Spears came in and sat in my chair and said , I want to shave my hair off .
And I said , well , I` m not shaving your hair off .
And I tried to talk her out of it .
I said , are you sure you`re not having a bad day ?
And tomorrow you will feel differently about it .
Why do n` t we wait a little bit .
She said , no , I absolutely want it shaved off now .
