Just at that time , the Smithsonian-Harvard Study came out .
It refuted it .
We had the Oregon Petition .
That was 17,800 scientists came out and said no , it 's not -- it 's not due to manmade gasses .
Now , Larry , it 's important to understand , I agree that we 're going through a warming period right now .
We were going through a warning -- a warming period during the turn of the century .
That lasted through 1945 , then cooling until 1975 , now warming until now .
And they 're guessing it 's going to go into another cooling period in about five years .
So why get hysterical ?
The same people who are hysterical about this , who have pictures of the poor polar bear standing on the last remaining ice cube , were the ones who were saying , just a few years ago , another ice age is coming and we 're all going to die .
Senator Barbara Boxer ?
BOXE
Well , I do n't know who he 's talking about saying that .
And the 17,000...
Oh , " Time " magazine and ...
... and the 17,000 scientists , Jim , as you well know , most of them said they did n't really know what they were signing onto and have backed away from it .
So let 's -- let 's just focus on the facts .
The facts are that there is a consensus in this country -- there 's a few people who say forget about it .
But I have to say to tell the American people that their quality of life is going to diminish is just not right .
How many things could you think of that will save people money in their pockets when they go to energy efficiency , when they drive cars that get better fuel economy ?
You know , the bottom line is we 're going to move away from foreign oil , which we know causes lots of problems in the foreign affairs arena .
So I think the only ones who are really hysterical right now are those who are standing up and saying I do n't want to hear this , I do n't want to do it .
Frankly , it 's amazing and encouraging to me to see the biggest businesses come forward , as they just did last week , and say we 're ready to work with you , Senator Barbara Boxer .
I got a call -- this is amazing -- from the head of Shell Oil , who -- we just have never gotten on , let 's just put it that way -- who said I 'm ready to work with you .
Senator...
People are coming to understand we 've got to move .
The Evangelicals are coming to me .
So a consensus is building .
And my dear friend , Jim Inhofe , is just being left , you know , all alone ...
Senator...
... pretty much .
Senator Inhofe , what 's wrong with , on the side of caution , going the expense route ( UNINTELLIGIBLE ) just in case all ...
Well , first of all ...
Just in case all these people are right ?
Larry , the reason so much panic is coming in on Barbara 's side of this issue is that scientists are coming over and by almost on a weekly basis .
And let me just mention a couple of them .
The one I like to quote is a guy named Claude Allegre .
He 's a French geophysicist , a member of both the French and the National -- United States National Academy of Scientists .
This is a quote , Larry .
Now listen to this : " The cause of warming " -- this is a guy that marched up and down the street 10 years ago saying manmade gases are going to bring the world to an end .
He now says that after studying the science , the new science : " The cause of warming is unknown .
The proponents of manmade catastrophic global warming are being motivated by money . "
