What ?
Excuse me a minute , please .
Plane fare .
All right .
You got plane fare , where to where ?
It was from Houston to the Bahamas .
( INAUDIBLE )
OK .
Take your time .
David Lee .
That is Anna Nicole Smith` s mother , Virgie Arthur , on the stand , being questioned as to who she received money , a pecuniary interest in the outcome of this case or the death of Daniel or Anna Nicole .
Let` s go out to the lines .
Jennifer in New York .
Hi , Jennifer .
Hi , Nancy .
How are you ?
I` m great , dear .
What` s your question ?
My question is , how come there` s so many lawyers in the courtroom ?
Oh , Jennifer , my -- my , sweet , unspoiled caller .
Because they`re making money , OK ?
What about it , Art Harris ?
Why so many lawyers ?
I counted 18 , Nancy , and every one ...
Oh , good God in heaven !
Every one got their day in court .
You know , the judge gave everybody a chance to make their case .
And I think that he` s trying to get a consensus , and he` s finding fact in the process .
Amazing , at the end , he became the cross examiner and elicited the facts and the truth from each witness .
At that point , she said that this one will never see my daughter .
Because Anna had tried to...
Your daughter , Dannielynn ?
Dannielynn .
Dannielynn .
If I knew who the natural father was , to speak on behalf of Dannielynn , the two alleged fathers came here in good faith , Larry Birkhead and Stern , Howard K. Stern .
( INAUDIBLE )
I call him Larry .
That` s easy for me .
Take a second .
Dr. Pepper , Perper` s on the phone .
Boy , can I mess -- can I destroy a name .
Welcome back , everybody .
As you know , the legal wrangling continues regarding the burial of Anna Nicole Smith , a cover girl that once graced the covers of every magazine here in this country .
Now , her body is decomposing , as a total of 18 lawyers fight it out in a court of law , in a so-called court of law .
Also , while all of this was happening , there were goings-on down in the Bahamas .
Let` s go out to Mike Brooks there in the Bahamas , what have you learned , Mike ?
Well , Nancy , tomorrow , there` s supposed to be still a hearing , another hearing here in court in the Bahamas about guardianship for Dannielynn .
Whether that` s going to take place or not , they`re saying it is , but where are the witnesses going to be ? They`re still all going to be in Florida .
And I also spoke with a source today , Nancy , who` s very close to the investigation .
The Royal Bahamas Police force here , they are busy .
They have n` t been sitting on their hands .
While Broward County police wait for the toxicology reports to come back , the police here are working on a couple of investigations .
One of them being a public corruption investigation involving the former immigration and labor minister , Shane Gibson .
Now , the source tells me , Nancy , that Shane Gibson may have taken a bribe of a very expensive Rolex watch from Howard K. Stern to basically finalize the fast-tracking of the permanent residency for Anna Nicole .
