Boy , it 's nice .
Millions .
Millions .
Well , OK .
That kind of spoils the surprise a little bit .
You wo n't believe the price tag , though .
You 're watching AMERICAN MORNING.
The most news in the morning right here on CNN.
Deadly flu .
A Seattle second-grader dies with flu symptoms .
The second child to die in two weeks .
Rebuilding Iraq .
$ 10 million and counting .
Who is paying for it ?
M. O'BRIE
And the next best thing to Viagra for guys of a certain age .
Hey , who you talking about .
A cure for baldness .
A new kind of comb-over on this AMERICAN MORNING.
Good morning to you .
It is Friday , February 16th .
I 'm Miles O'Brien .
And I 'm Kiran Chetry .
What 's wrong with the old comb-over ?
They need a new one ?
Apparently so .
We 've got an upgrade .
It 's a new century .
Anyway , good to have you with us at CNN. Welcome .
Thank you .
I 'm in for Soledad this morning and it 's great to be here .
Yes , welcome to CNN.
In snowy eastern Pennsylvania , they 're still hard at work this morning trying to clear some clogged interstates .
Police , firefighters , even the National guard had to help rescue hundreds of drivers stranded in a huge traffic jam .
Some drivers were stuck for more than a day .
But wait , there 's more .
As in more snow .
CNN 's Reggie Aqui is in Mexico , New York -- Reggie .
Miles , take a look at what we have here at this person 's house .
You 've got a roof and you 've got the snow pile next to that roof .
This is the area that I was actually in on Monday when I talked to you last .
And at that point , they had about nine , 10 feet of snow .
That 's almost gone up another couple of feet .
It could go up another foot today .
This lake-effect snow is the problem now .
Of course they went through that nor 'easter that affected much of the country just a couple of days ago .
Right now , the big news is , well , they need a lot of help .
The worst of this week 's snowfall may be over ...
There 's a lot of snow .
And it 's definitely more snow than I 've seen here .
... but it appears Mother Nature is n't quite through with the Northeast yet .
In upstate New York , Oswego County , already covered in more than 11 feet of snow , is bracing for up to a foot more Friday thanks to another blast of arctic air moving over Lake Ontario .
That means extra work for the many snow crews working overtime to clear roads in the area .
In Mexico , a small town in Oswego County , the National Guard has joined the cleanup effort .
A task so big , New York 's governor has asked that at a federal emergency be declared in the county .
For the residents of upstate New York , the storm ca n't pass through soon enough .
Near whiteout conditions , bitter cold temperatures and gusty winds have made for a winter nightmare .
Fears of snow bringing down the roof on this Oswego County Wal-Mart forced officials to close the store , literally leaving customers out in the cold .
