I want to apologize to my family .
Mark explicitly reaffirms his acceptance of responsibility and remorse .
From mayors to beauty queens to politician , after the apology often comes this .
DONALD TRUMP , CO-OWNER , MISS UNIVERSE ORGANIZATIO
She 's agreed to go into rehab .
Mark voluntarily entered a substance abuse and mental health facility on Sunday .
I am accountable for what has occur and have now begun the process of reconciling it .
San Francisco 's Mayor Gavin Newsom , it is the fallout of an affair with his friend 's wife .
Newsom embraced rehab after she confessed to her husband as part of her rehab for a substance abuse .
Ironic , maybe .
Surprising ?
Not at all .
MICHAEL LEVINE , HOLLYWOOD & MEDIA EXPER
Today , not only is there no social stigma , it 's actually considered in some quarters of American life , to be somewhat popularizing and hip and chic .
Rehab may be chic today , but it was n't always .
When Elizabeth Taylor checked into the Betty Ford Clinic in 1983 , she did n't hold a press conference , but she paved the way for others .
Thank God I have the chance to make it right .
Miss USA is n't alone .
Mark Foley , Mel Gibson , Michael Richards , Isaiah Washington , the Reverend Ted Haggard .
They 've all embraced some sort of recovery program in the last seven months alone .
Haggard 's lasted just three weeks -- long enough , we were told , for a revelation .
He 's completely heterosexual .
I thought it was among the silliest statements I 've heard in the public arena in some time and that 's saying quite a lot .
Michael Richards said quite a lot as well in his racist rants at a comedy club , and then seemed baffled by his behavior .
I 'm not a racist , that 's what is so insane about this .
Whether the problem is a racist rant , a sex scandal or addiction , the word rehab gets tossed around a lot .
But as experts point out , rehab is n't a cure all .
If the implication of some of these events are that people can go into rehabilitation to cure a problem with lying or having , not behaving well , that 's a misnomer .
That 's not what addiction rehabilitation is about .
Mel Gibson blamed his anti-Semitic rant on alcohol , an excuse that did n't win much sympathy .
Why should people believe you 're genuinely sorry ?
Beats me .
And that 's not my problem .
I have to keep my side of the street clean and I 'm doing it .
So you do n't really -- it does n't worry you what people think ?
Of course .
But , you know , there 's nothing I can do about that .
I mean , I move on .
I 've moved on .
That was six months ago .
And I have moved on .
There 's no test for sincerity and no guarantee that rehab will tame every personal demon .
There is n't a recovery program per se for people who lose their temper and say racist remarks .
People have real moral regret .
I think that 's something that only a person knows for himself .
And I plan on walking out of this the best Miss USA that you 've ever seen .
