I did n't care what you thought .
There 's no such thing as "boughten . "
She bought .
That 's better .
Thank you .
No, you -- oh , Mr. Rios ( ph ) , please .
I loved him .
I wanted to help him .
I know .
All right .
Let 's stop right there , Mr. "it was n't my fault , I had nothing to do with it . "
You sound ridiculous !
We 're back with Judge Judy .
Lots of things to talk about other than Anna Nicole .
We 'll get to your e-mails and calls , as well .
The naughty astronaut .
She starts , drives 900 miles , accosts somebody --this is all alleged -- in a airport parking lot , is sent back to Houston with just a chain on her ankle .
What do you make of that story ?
Jealousy is a common denominator .
It does n't make any difference , your station in life , your education , what -- how much money have you in the bank , how smart you are .
When people 's emotions take over , very often they do irrational things .
I think probably the most acute example of that , Larry , is Jean Harris .
Yes , Dr. Tarnower .
Jean Harris was headmistress of the one of the most prestigious private schools in the country , brilliant , beautiful .
And she had this Svengali who she was attached to emotionally and could n't draw herself away from , despite the fact that he had enough of her .
She could n't take it and she was willing to ruin her entire life in that one moment .
And there are other examples that we know of people who behaved in a totally , irrational way when it came to affairs of the heart .
How do we judge them , then ?
Do they get leniency because of this ?
Mrs. Harris went to jail for a long time .
Mario Cuomo was governor .
He would n't commute .
Absolutely right .
Do we treat them more leniently because they are contributing members of society ?
No, absolutely not .
No, but because we understand the insanity of jealously .
No.
if you understood the insanity of jealously -- if you understood the insanity of jealousy , you would incarcerate someone who killed his wife 's lover .
You have you to incarcerate them because they committed a very serious crime .
If it is true that this woman committed an assault on someone else -- I mean , instead of going -- it 's so interesting .
What I always find interesting , Larry , is that she travelled 900 miles to -- allegedly -- to accost , kidnap and assault the other woman , where the astronaut was right there .
Why did n't she go after him ?
I do n't understand that .
If they 're the ones that are having a relationship and if he is being disloyal with somebody else , why travel the 900 miles if you can go right around the corner and get the guy ?
Why is it -- because she 's an astronaut she got such light bail and permitted to go back to Houston ?
I do n't know .
Would you guess ?
Would I guess ?
I would guess that she had no prior criminal record .
I would assume that the victim was not seriously injured .
She was maced , but not seriously injured , frightened .
I would assume that the people from NASA vouched for the fact that they would keep her under close scrutiny .
All of those things I think probably were relevant .
Bail -- as we know , bail is supposed to ensure the appearance of a defendant for trial .
That 's why bail is imposed .
