After three years of fighting over bills and still hurting from the accident , Allstate came with a take-it-or-leave it offer , $ 15,000 .
That was for , I guess , the car , medical .
I mean , that was everything .
You know , I thought they would pay all your bills and , you know , keep on paying your medical bills .
Roxanne Martinez was battling Allstate , the second biggest auto insurer in the nation .
What she did n't know was that both Allstate and the largest auto insurer , State Farm , had changed the way they handled so-called minor crashes like hers .
Well , Drew 's full report is ahead in the next hour .
We will show you what he found , and let you decide if the insurance companies are being fair .
First , you 're about to see one of the strangest stories we have reported on in a while .
It began as a mysterious e-mail , ended the same way .
It is about the oil that heats your house , the gas you put in your car , and a dangerous , some would say magical , desperate region in Africa known as the Niger Delta .
There 's a rebel leader of militants battling the Nigerian army who contacted us .
Few would go inside this no-go zone .
We did .
So began a journey by CNN Africa correspondent Jeff Koinange , one that took him into the absolute heart of darkness .
A treasure lies beneath these brackish waters , billions of barrels of oil , so much that Nigeria produces about 10 percent of the oil brought into the U.S. So , if this oil is interrupted or stopped , it 's all but certain to cause a disastrous recession in the U.S.
But where there are vast riches in Africa , there 's always something else : bloodshed .
But to see for ourselves what is happening in the Delta , we first needed permission from a mysterious rebel leader named Jomo , who communicates via e-mail , and whose heavily armed and fierce men are fighting for control of the Delta and the oil .
Jomo agreed to have us come by .
But he wrote : " There 's a snag .
I do n't do audio or video interviews . "
Days later , we were on a speedboat to meet the phantom Jomo .
We were an hour-and-a-half upriver from the Delta town of Warri , when , suddenly , out of nowhere , masked gunmen in powerful speedboats surrounded us , shooting over our heads and demanding to know who we are -- their weapons , impressive , small machine guns , a boat-mounted .50-caliber ,
and grenade launchers , far more firepower than I had ever seen in the Delta .
Simply put , in their black outfits and black ski masks , these guys were terrifying .
And that 's exactly what they have become : Nigeria 's worst nightmare .
They call themselves the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta , or MEND.
Their goal , they insist , is to mend what they say is the unequal distribution of the vast wealth reaped from Nigeria 's oil bonanza .
These murky water contain some of the richest oil deposits , and , ironically , some of the poorest people in the world .
The rebels say they are like Robin Hood , and it 's a matter of taking back the oil money from corrupt politicians , a corrupt military , and the oil companies , and giving it to the people who live here .
