She just -- she ...
I loved her with all my heart .
She just said she loved her with all of her heart and I think what 's more important is that we 're all trying to work together to...
And on behalf of Howard , Virgie and Larry , Larry will be seeing his daughter very soon ( UNINTELLIGIBLE ) and I just want to say thank you to Howard .
Joining us now from Plantation , Florida , Tom Pirtle , the attorney for Anna Nicole 's mother , Virgie Arthur .
Your client sought custody , to have the body taken to Texas .
How is she dealing with the decision , Tom ?
Well , I believe she 's hurt by the decision .
Virgie , the only thing she had and the only thing she wanted was Anna 's body to bury .
These other parties , they 've got other fights to fight .
They 've got custody .
They 've got to look at the estate .
And all Virgie has ever wanted was her daughter 's body .
So she 's hurt by it .
And she 's -- they 're working on some papers tonight to file with the court of appeals .
One thing she 's made real clear is she 's not going to delay this funeral even if it means that her daughter is buried in the Bahamas .
KIN
What 's the
She does n't want that to happen .
What 's the basis of the appeal , Tom ?
Well , we 've always said it 's just a simple question of law -- who 's the next of kin ?
And we believe that the judge applied the unclaimed body statute , which applies to indigents -- that the county has to bury .
And he said in his own ruling , the only thing he can do is determine who to give the body to .
And clearly Mr. Stern did n't -- did n't have a right to the body , because they were n't married .
Mr. Birkhead did n't have a right to the body .
And so the court appointed an ad litem for the granddaughter of Virgie and then the ad litem , who has never met this kid , took a position hostile to Virgie and ...
Do you ...
And I wondered , Larry , I wonder if that 's a good policy if you 've got a parent who 's single and they die with a small kid and they have a parent that comes in to claim their body .
Are the courts in Florida going to appoint an ad litem for that six-month-old kid and that six-month-old kid then go against the -- and have a trial with the grandparents ?
Do you think ...
I do n't know whether that 's what this granddaughter is going to want in the end .
Do you think you have a good shot ?
We do , because if you understand what I 've said , that scenario does n't make sense and it wastes time and money .
Yes .
I understand what you -- thanks , Tom .
Tom Pirtle , the attorney for Anna Nicole 's mother .
We 'll be having him on again .
Dr.
Joshua Perper is in West Palm Beach , the Broward County medical examiner .
He performed the autopsy .
Where is Anna Nicole 's body now , doctor ?
The body is now in the medical examiner 's office .
We received an order from the judge that we should remit the body to the guardian for the child and we are going to do so unless an appeal is going to block us .
