VELEZ-MITCHEL
Trenny Stovall , child custody advocate , one obvious way would be to talk to Shawn Hornbeck and say , wow , you were apparently , what we know now , in this man` s presence for four years .
Did he say anything ?
Did he mention these children` s names ?
Did you see any evidence ?
However , by the same token , authorities do n` t want to press too hard .
They want the boy to kind of readjust to society , and they do n` t want to be grilling him .
How do you strike a balance ?
Should they talk to them ?
Should they talk to Shawn Hornbeck about these other cases ?
I think definitely that they should and that they will talk to him about the other cases .
Unfortunately , we may not have time of the essence as -- if we were looking for the young man who was just taken four days before .
These cases are much older .
The likelihood is that , if he was involved or he was aware of what happened , it happened such a long time ago that they`re not looking for children that are presently missing or just , you know , young children that they might be able to find quickly .
So they may have some time .
Give them some time to adjust and to really kind of take in what` s happening to him , and then talk to him about what` s happening , because he may have a lot of information for them .
VELEZ-MITCHEL
He may , and , of course , they do have time , because the suspect is behind bars , although for the parents of those missing kids , it` s always a race against time .
We want to go now to a gentleman who has been very patient with us , Stanley Alpert .
He` s a former prosecutor with an absolutely astounding story .
He survived a kidnapping himself and has written a book about it called " The Birthday Party : A Memoir of Survival . "
You know , I want to ask you , Stanley , so many people are playing Monday morning quarterback with Shawn Hornbeck and saying , Well , he had the opportunity to run , police came up to him .
Why did n` t he do this , why did n` t he do that ?
How dare they ?
I mean , they`re not living in his shoes .
I have to agree with Holly .
We need to have extraordinary empathy for Shawn and what he went through .
I`ve read that it` s alleged that he was originally grabbed at gunpoint , that there were threats to kill his entire family if he did n` t cooperate .
That poor boy must have been living in extraordinary terror all those years .
We ca n` t second-guess that .
VELEZ-MITCHEL
Now , you were a kidnap victim , and your story illustrates the sort of nuanced relationship that captors and captives have .
The reason your story is called " Birthday Party " is why ?
And how does that illustrate how things are not always just like , " Hey , you know , I`ve got a gun against you , stand against the wall , and if I turn my back you`re going to run out " ?
I had advantages that the young man , Shawn Hornbeck , did not have .
I was an adult , and I was a federal prosecutor at the time .
I was a kid who grew up in New York City and went through all sorts of experiences in New York City that gave me a little bit of...
