I am imploring Virgie to back off on this issue , to the extent that she thinks that she` s going to obtain the body of Anna Nicole .
We all know that Anna Nicole would not want Virgie to have control of her body , and I am hoping and praying that justice follows what the intent of Anna Nicole was , and that Howard Stern will be able to follow up on what the wishes were of Anna Nicole for the disposition of her remains .
Welcome back .
As we do legal battle over all the legal issues , right now , Anna Nicole Smith` s body is still on a slab there in the morgue , awaiting to be released to be embalmed , to being buried .
Straight out to the lines .
Lauren in Massachusetts .
Hi , Lauren .
Hi , Nancy .
First of all , I have to say , that judge in Florida , he` s just showing an abhorrent lack of class .
Agree .
I` m horrified .
As far as Virgie Arthur , I think as a mom , as a mom of a 20-something daughter , she needs to step back and do what the daughter would have wanted , which clearly I think nobody is going to dispute she should be buried with her son .
You know , if they have to do a proviso that they do not cremate the body between her and Stern for DNA reasons down the line , but the girl certainly needs to be buried , and certainly not in Texas , where she has n` t been in , what , 15 years ?
Lauren , I`ve got to agree with you .
And the reality is , regardless of what anybody thinks of Mr. Stern , that is who she chose to be with him in the last years of her life .
Whether that marriage was legal or valid or not in the Bahamas , that was her decision .
She made that decision .
I agree with you wholeheartedly .
And , you know , I do n` t know this judge` s background , although I will find out about it tonight .
I hope that nobody refers to me and my cold , dead body in that manner , because I find it very , very offensive , although his ruling was legally correct .
Speaking of the Bahamas , out to Jamal Davis .
This is Miss Arthur` s , the grandmother` s , Bahaman attorney .
Jamal Davis , question .
It` s my understanding you got an order that the baby could not be removed from the Bahamas .
Is that true ?
JAMAL DAVIS , BAHAMIAN ATTORNEY FOR ANNA NICOLE` S MOTHER , VIRGI
That is true , Nancy .
Yesterday , we filed what is called an originating summons .
Myself , along with my associates , Debra Hanfield ( ph ) and Maria McCartney ( ph ) , we ( INAUDIBLE ) inside that summons for , one , that Miss Arthur be given guardianship of the infant and , secondly , that , prior to the issue as to guardian issue being heard , that an injunction be granted to prevent the child from being removed from the Bahamas .
So there was a concern that the child may very well be removed from the Bahamas in light of the application made yesterday .
You mean , were you afraid the child would be removed and hidden ?
