VELEZ-MITCHEL
Now , as we discuss this subject , we want to show you the impact , the horrible negative impact of methamphetamine .
We have some before-and-after pictures that can show you how people literally change from sort of handsome , well-groomed people into something very much different in just a few short months .
Let` s go to a man who knows all about addiction , Ken Seeley .
He is a recovering addict himself and an interventionist from the hit show on A&E called , very aptly titled .
" Intervention . "
Why does methamphetamine have such a horrible impact on people ?
And what about the scabs on their faces ?
KEN SEELEY , HOST , " INTERVENTION" : It` s just horrific , the signs that people get from the disease of crystal meth addiction .
What` s going on here is that they peel at their faces , as you saw in that picture .
They get really into crystal meth psychosis .
It` s just really , really , really sad what happens to these people when they`re addicted to crystal meth .
And the sad part about with this poor kid , you know , the mother even said she did n` t give it to him .
But it could be residue laying around .
Come on .
Residue laying around .
So that means she might as well have a loaded pistol laying around for that poor toddler to be playing around with .
That` s the sad part about this .
VELEZ-MITCHEL
It` s a very , very sad situation all the way around .
We have to say this mother deserves the presumption of innocence .
She has not been convicted of anything .
She goes on trial February 20th on charges of child abuse and neglect .
We have been attempting to contact her attorneys to get her side of the story .
We`ve been unable to do it .
But , Robert Smith , defense attorney , her father has come to her defense .
This is the suspect , Helen Bonner .
Her dad , the grandfather of the child , has come to her defense , saying that somebody spiked the drink and that this was an attempt to basically destroy her life , either kill her , or in some way get the baby away from her .
The police have declined to really pursue that , reportedly , and they`re going ahead with their case against Helen Bonner .
Are they obligated to pursue the grandfather` s theory ?
No, they`re not .
If the district attorney wants a conviction , they should listen to all the witnesses before they`re confronted with testimony at the trial .
And there will be an exchange of witness lists before a trial .
It` s a plausible defense , and it perhaps could be true .
Let` s distinguish between her fitness as a custodial parent , which is probably not very high , in view of the fact that she admits to being an addict , and being convicted of a crime , in which the prosecution has to prove all the elements of the crime charged beyond a reasonable doubt .
And that could be a stretch here .
And it might require statements by the police as to admissions that she made as to where this crystal meth came from .
I do n` t know whether there` s a custody dispute in play or if there are other people .
And perhaps her father is advancing a plausible defense , which is what makes trials interesting .
