... that they were still lighting it every night .
I thought it was an automatic switch .
I thought they might be dead inside .
You know , I`d say if they`re up right now , you`re festive .
If they`re up next week , you`re lazy .
In February , you`re pure white trash .
Have your white flashbacks ( ph ) now .
Put down the Cheetos and hold the ladder .
It` s time to take them down .
Send those pictures in to me at GlennBeck@CNN.com .
OK , Dave .
Angelina Jolie and Madonna , what` s going on ?
Well , first of all , they`re collecting African babies like Kate Spade purses .
And that whole thing is lost on me .
But evidently they`re having this cat fight .
A couple months ago Madonna called Angelina an idiot because of the work she` s doing .
And then yesterday Angelina was interviewed .
And she said , first of all , how horrified she was that people are being so tough on Madonna .
Then she kicked her right in the ribs , man , while she was down and trying to get up , talking about how silly she was for going to this country where they have no legal adoptions , so hers is n` t necessarily illegal and how she just basically bought the baby and gave , you know , the center a couple of million dollars .
It` s really Trump/Rosie O` Donnell-ish .
It` s just getting pretty ugly .
I was just going to say , you know , the nice thing about this is Trump and Rosie O` Donnell have n` t said anything to each other for the last couple of days .
It gives us something good to chew on .
Dave , thanks a lot .
See you man .
Back in a minute with " The Real Story " .
Tonight , from Los Angeles , California , I welcome you to " The Real Story . "
Last month , the new House majority leader , Steny Hoyer , caused a lot of controversy on Capitol Hill when he announced that the new Congress would be working for five whole days every week .
I know .
I know .
Insane .
That` s what I thought .
He said to reporters , quote , " I have bad news for you .
Those trips you had planned in January , forget about them .
We`ll be working almost every day in January , starting with the 4th . "
Well , wow .
I guess "almost " was the key word there , because the real story is the House already has taken a day off .
That` s right .
After thousands of grueling seconds spent shaking hands last week , taking photos , and hardly voting on anything , the House reportedly is taking the day off - - I am not kidding you -- for the college football national championship game .
Yes .
Yes .
Now , please do n` t burden yourself , you know , bringing up meaningless points like , " Gee , Glenn , no company in the world lets employees take the day off for a football game , " or , you know , " Well , the game does n` t even start until 8:15 tonight .
What do they need the whole day off for ? "
OK , they just do , all right ?
It` s not for us simpletons to be able to understand this stuff .
But just to show you how out of touch our leaders really are with the public and us simpletons , let me ask you this question : Who takes the day of the game off ?
Do n` t you take the day after off ?
I mean , everybody knows that .
