But Negroponte also said Hezbollah may be planning attacks against U.S. interests .
Jeanne Meserve reports .
Al Qaeda , back in business , and now more than an inspiration to terrorists around the world .
They are cultivating stronger operational connections and relationships that radiate outward from their leaders ' secure hideout in Pakistan to affiliates throughout the Middle East , North Africa , and Europe .
The plot thwarted in London last summer to blow up aircraft with liquid explosives , a top-down al Qaeda operation , experts say , and an illustration of the group 's growing capabilities .
This kind of idea that the problem we faced is -- was sort of self-starting , homegrown , ideologically-motivated people looking to al Qaeda as an inspiration , I think it 's now pretty clear -- and has been pretty clear -- that al Qaeda , the organization , has regrouped .
Factors in al Qaeda 's resurgence , the experts say : safe bases of operation in Pakistan and in Iraq 's Al Anbar Province , also , new alliances with terror groups in countries like Algeria and Egypt .
Al Qaeda may not be as dangerous as it was at the time of 9/11 , but I think everything we 're hearing tells us that it 's more dangerous this year than it was last year .
Al Qaeda is n't the only terrorist organization posing a threat .
Negroponte says that Hezbollah has grown more hostile and may step up planning for strikes on U.S. interests -- Lou .
Jeanne , it was only last year that intelligence officers were telling us , and the president as well , that the United States was , in fact , safer , and that the al Qaeda threat -- it was often reported , as the administration said , two-thirds of al Qaeda 's leadership eliminated .
Well , and that was mentioned today , that they have taken out a lot of the leadership .
But the analysts we spoke to said , al Qaeda has shown itself to be very resilient and very appealing around the world .
Thank you very much , Jeanne Meserve , for that report .
( CROSSTALK)
Jeanne Meserve from Washington .
In tonight 's poll , the question is : Are you confident that the United States government is sufficiently competent to represent and to advance the interests of the American people at home and abroad , yes or no ?
We would like to know .
Cast your votes at LouDobbs.com .
We will have the results here later .
Time now for some of your thoughts .
Anthony in North Carolina : " I think I need a psychiatrist .
First , the November elections made it clear that we want out of Iraq .
Second , the study group came out against continuing in Iraq .
Third , the former generals were opposed to increasing troop levels .
This morning , I feel we 're back to stay the course .
What in the world is going on ? "
George in Florida : " Lou , after Bush made his pitch on the war -- on his war last night , I believe those who agree with him should go right down and enlist to show their true support . "
And Jim in California : " In his speech , the president said that victory in Iraq would form a democracy able to enforce its laws and guard its borders .
Sounds great to me .
I wish we had one of those . "
