We 'll have that report .
And Latin American socialist leaders , leftists , form a dangerous alliance .
And the United States is n't responding .
Iran 's president is though .
He 's going to visit the hemisphere .
Stay with us .
We 'll have that story , a great deal more , straight ahead .
For the first time in 10 years , the House of Representatives has voted to raise the pay of someone other than themselves .
They voted to raise the federal minimum wage .
As one congressman put it , the lowest-paid Americans have been receiving a federal poverty wage , not a federal minimum wage .
Lisa Sylvester reports .
The federal minimum wage has not been raised in 10 years .
Take into account rising gas , housing and food prices , and the effective minimum wage has not been this low since 1955 .
Eisenhower was in the White House and Elvis was singing " Heartbreak Hotel . "
But these days , it 's poor folks , poor working folks who have the heartbreaks when the minimum wage is not even close to being a living wage .
The bill is passed .
By a vote of 315-116 , largely along party lines , the House of Representatives approved a bill to raise the minimum wage from $ 5.15 an hour to $ 7.25 an hour , phased in over the next two years .
The lowest-paid workers in America have been frozen out of the economy of this country .
They have ended up every year , after going to work every day , every , every month , they ended up poor .
The Senate will now take up similar legislation .
Business groups are against raising the wages earned by those at the bottom of the economic scale , arguing it would be detrimental to small companies .
The owner of 21 Wendy 's franchises testified at a Senate hearing .
BRUCE OBENOUR , AKWEN , LTD. , DUBLIN , OHI
On January 1st , the minimum wage in the state of Ohio increased to $ 6.85 .
That may not sound like much , but the cost of 41 cents more an hour equates to $ 370,000 annually to my business .
While Democrats want a clean minimum wage bill , Republicans back attaching business tax breaks .
Without them , they say workers will lose their jobs .
Some will have a mandated pay raise in America .
Those will be the lucky ones .
Many more will have their hours cut , Mr. Speaker .
Many will have their benefits cut .
But critics say corporate America and business owners have had it good for the last decade , receiving numerous tax breaks while low-paid workers were ignored by Congress .
And as for this argument that small businesses are hurt by an increase in the minimum wage , a study by the Fiscal Policy Institute found states that raised its minimum wage above the federal level actually saw an increase in the number of small businesses , not a decrease -- Lou .
And , of course , that is a reality that the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and other business lobbying groups just simply want to ignore , but it is an awfully good sign that this Congress , in its second major piece of legislation , has chosen to ignore the absurd , moronic posturings of business lobbies , in my opinion .
