The most popular gifts by men -- flowers and candy .
Now if you 're going to be giving and receiving some of those heart-shaped boxes , keep in mind your Valentine 's heart .
As Judy Fortin reports , the right sweets could actually help that heart keep beating stronger .
A way to your Valentine 's heart may be to give a gift that is good for their heart .
Some experts suggest dark chocolate fits the bill .
Those with higher cocoa content have antioxidant compounds called flavanoids .
Flavanoids are so good for us because they have been shown to help reduce the risk of heart disease .
They help to decrease clot formation in the body .
Other studies suggest a small serving of dark chocolate might lower blood pressure and reduce insulin resistance .
But experts warns chocolate is no miracle drug and should never take the place of medicine .
But we have to remember that it 's not a health food .
You have to make sure that we enjoy it in moderation .
It does contribute calories and fat .
Large amounts of chocolate , especially those with added nuts and fillings , can increase the risk for obesity , diabetes , and tooth decay .
Moore points out that flavanoids are also found in apples , grapes , red wine , and green tea .
But if you ca n't resist the taste , a little bit of dark chocolate might be just what your doctor orders .
I 'll certainly take that order .
That sounds pretty good .
Now let 's check on news making headlines this week with " The Pulse . "
Large and graphic .
That 's what scientists say the warnings need to be on cigarettes to be the most effective in changing smokers ' behavior .
Compared to small U.S. labels , surveys found those in Canada and Britain were more likely to lead smokers to consider quitting .
No need to stay overnight any more .
A new report in " The Annals of Internal Medicine " shows an overnight stay in a lab may not be needed to diagnose sleep apnea .
Patients receiving similar treatments at home reportedly had the same results .
Experts are warning people to know the signs of a stroke .
Sudden weakness or numbness are classic signs , but half the people experiencing them do n't seek treatment .
The American Stroke Association says the higher the income , the more likely the patient is to seek care .
Judy Fortin , CNN, Atlanta .
All right , thanks , Judy .
Just ahead , the mysteries of the mind .
The last thing I remember from that morning is feeling very ill .
I do n't know where I was or what I was doing .
The high school coach and he went missing , losing days of his life , no memory of his family .
We 're going to go inside a rare form of memory loss .
And later , why some parents are n't allowed to bring in birthday treats for their kids .
Are our schools going too far ?
Find out , just ahead .
Welcome back .
In Texas , a bizarre story now of a high school coach , who for 25 days was lost .
He was wandering .
He had no idea of who or where he was .
Doctors call his amnesia psychogenic fugue .
