SOLEDAD O'BRIEN , CO-HOS
Wicked weather overseas here .
Hurricane force winds turn deadly in Europe , and snow is set to fall again in the south-central U.S.
On the hot seat .
" Consumer Reports " backpedaling on its car seat crash tests .
Why federal safety investigators were alarmed enough to weigh in on this AMERICAN MORNING.
Good morning to you .
Friday , January 19 .
I 'm Miles O'Brien .
And I 'm Soledad O'Brien .
Thanks for being with us .
Happening this morning , another blast of winter weather to tell you about , barreling into Texas and Oklahoma .
Thousands of residents in those states are still without heat and power after dual ice storms this week .
Conflicting reports on North Korea 's nuclear weapons program .
North Korea says it reached an agreement with the U.S. this week , but American officials are saying only that future talks look promising .
Concerns at the Pentagon about China 's recent missile test .
The Chinese recently used a ground-based missile to take down one of their old weather satellites , 537 miles above the earth .
The U.S. military is now concerned that American satellites , used for everything from communications to missile guidance , could now be vulnerable .
And Defense Secretary Robert Gates is in Iraq right now .
He 's meeting with U.S. and British troops .
He arrived in the country unannounced overnight tonight .
This is Gates ' second visit to Iraq in a month , his first since President Bush announced a plan to send 21,000 more troops into that country .
Iran 's president , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , is lashing out against the U.S. yet again , this time over the buildup of the U.S. military in the Persian Gulf .
It comes after Ahmadinejad traveled to Latin America this week , meeting with other anti-American leaders .
CNN 's Aneesh Raman with a look at that trip .
Taking his anti- American rhetoric on the road , Iran 's president this week wrapped up a five-day three-nation tour through Latin America , shoring up friendships among some of Washington 's most vocal critics , from Nicaragua 's President Daniel Ortega to the newly elected leftist president of Ecuador to Venezuela 's Hugo Chavez .
There was a diplomatic love fest among leaders eager to see U.S. influence in the world significantly curtailed .
And for the Iranian president , it was a chance to do what perhaps he does best , provoke the United States .
" We can understand the importance of this trip , " Ahmadinejad said , as he returned to Tehran , "from the anger the enemies of the Iranian nation . "
But surprisingly , the trip has sparked anger , as well , from within Iran .
In an unprecedented move , more than 150 members of Iran 's parliament are now publicly criticizing the president for his handling of foreign affairs , and a conservative newspaper owned by country 's the supreme leader has said Ahmadinejad 's language when it comes to defending Iran 's nuclear program is , quote , "offensive .
It 's just a question of how far on a limb the president is willing to go in order for the international community to clamp down on Iran , and there is no one within Iran , especially not the supreme leader , who wants Iran isolated to that extent .
