DR. IRWIN REDLENER , AUTHOR , " AMERICANS AT RISK" : The medical system in the United States , generally speaking , is not at all ready for a true mass casualty event , for a mega-disaster .
First problem , where to put the ill or injured ?
For economic reasons , the number of hospital beds has shrunk by more than 100,000 .
And overcrowded emergency rooms turn patients away in normal circumstances .
Second problem , supplies .
To economize , most hospitals stock only a few days worth of equipment and medicines .
If transportation is disrupted by a terrorist attack or natural catastrophe , they could run out quickly .
Third problem , staffing .
A chronic shortage of nurses , lab workers , EMTs and others , could become critical .
In a flu pandemic , some studies show as much as 70 percent of medical personnel will not show up for work , leading some experts to conclude the system could collapse altogether .
New York Presbyterian Hospital is trying to better prepare its staff and facility .
But these are tough economic times for hospitals , and the federal government has given them a couple of hundred thousand dollars a year to prepare .
Not giving particularly those areas like New York , which are so much under the gun , more in the way of help in terms of emergency preparedness is really outrageous .
A few hundred thousand dollars ?
We spent $ 1.5 million a year just for increased security .
The federal government has stockpiled some pharmaceuticals and supplies , done planning , enlisted retired medical personnel to help in a crisis .
But the man in charge of the effort says not everyone in government or in medicine understands what the country could be facing .
DR.
CRAIG VANDERWAGEN , HEALTH & HUMAN SERVICES , ASSISTANT SECRETAR
I think it 's difficult for people to imagine some of these scenarios .
Unless you were in Indonesia after the tsunami where bulldozers were used to bury people , unless you have been to Darfur .
Unless you have witnessed the Station Nightclub fire .
Peter Ginaitt took the difficult lessons of that night and helped establish a new system which lets Rhode Island hospitals and first responders see in real-time where there are beds and specialized care .
Different levels of respiratory protection .
The state now has more equipment on hand for mass casualty events .
It was the Station fire that moved Rhode Island to prepare .
Will it take some similar tragedy to motivate those that have not ?
Well , next on this special edition of 360 , Hurricane Katrina , were lessons learned or will history repeat itself ?
There were warnings .
Everybody said , it 's going to happen one day .
Well , it happened .
All along America 's coastlines , it could happen .
We just have n't done the analysis to be able to determine if those levees will hold up .
And the outcome could be catastrophic .
Katrina on an even larger scale , when "Edge of Disaster " continues .
We have to stop pretending that disasters are extremely rare and unforeseeable .
Over the past hour we have been exploring America , the vulnerable .
How gaps in our security have made us weak , put us in the crosshairs of hidden terrorists and nature 's fury .
