I think so , Anderson .
You know , if you look at it , we 're no different than any other urban city in America .
We have certain areas of the city that you just , you know , where the drug dealers are that it 's just not safe to venture .
The police , we 're focusing our attention in those areas .
We 're making arrests , as you saw with our teams .
This city is as safe as any other city in America .
How frustrating is it as a police officer , though , for , you know , you send people into the system and then you see them released after 60 days because witnesses wo n't come forward ?
It 's extremely frustrating .
Part of the problem is , you know , again , it goes back to population .
A lot of our good citizens are not here .
There 's very few people here that 's willing to become witnesses .
They 've had their fears and they 're seeing the same people getting back out of jail .
So they feel like , you know , why would I want to be a witness and run a risk of having to be murdered by the same guy that just got out of jail for me being a witness against him .
It also seems like the social structure is kind of broken down .
You have a lot of young kids , but their moms or the grandmothers , or aunts and uncles , people who were raising them , who formed a society are n't here yet or did n't come back and they 're kind of on their own .
That 's correct .
We have a lot of juveniles , 14-year olds , 15-year-olds , 16-year-olds that are actually back in the city without guardians or parents , without their grandparents .
They 're living in either their parents ' former homes or other abandoned homes that are still blighted that have n't been remediated since the hurricane .
It 's a unique problem .
And as we identify those areas , those are the ones that we 're targeting and taking off the street .
You guys have these now late night road blocks where you check cars , check people .
Is there something more the police can be doing , should be doing , you want to be doing ?
Well , I think ...
You guys still do n't have a crime lab ?
Well , and that 's a big part of our problem , Anderson .
You know , here it is 18 months later .
We still do n't have crime lab .
We still do n't have central evidence and property .
We have three police districts -- three , five and seven -- that 's operating out of FEMA trailers , police headquarters operating out of FEMA trailers .
We have no central focus for police headquarters right now .
Out DNA lab has been destroyed .
Your DNA lab has been destroyed ?
Yes .
It 's all been destroyed by the hurricane .
Again , none of it is up .
We expect to be in a crime lab within 30 days , but we still have a backlog of probably 2,000 drug cases that need to be tested .
We 're utilizing other Parishes ' crime labs right now .
And you hear the frustration of people out there .
I mean , you hear the anger .
What do you say to the residents ?
CANNATELL
