We 'll have a live report from England at the top of the hour .
Now back to IN THE MONEY .
You 're watching CNN, the most trusted name in news .
Exxon Mobile posted the largest annual profit in U.S. history this week .
The oil giant made $ 39.5 billion last year .
Now if you do n't have a calculator handy , that comes out to roughly $ 75,000 a minute .
Exxon Mobile stock has climbed steadily during that time and that 's enough to make you scratch your head .
After all , oil fell below $ 60 a barrel in the fourth quarter of last year , down from a high of nearly $ 80 a barrel .
But that has n't hurt big oil too much and investors over all seen pretty bullish on this sector .
Fadel Gheit is an oil analyst with Oppenheimer he is going to sort it out for us .
Welcome back to the program .
Good morning or good afternoon I guess .
Seventy five thousand dollars a minute that the largest corporate profit in history .
Even as oil prices were cooling a little bit .
Explain it for us .
Well , it 's very simple .
It is a very large company , it has huge assets and it invests $ 20 billion a year .
It pays shareholders about $ 30 billion a year in dividend share buyback .
So you add the two numbers , that 's $ 50 billion .
So actually when you calculate that , they spend more or they give back more than their income .
They made $ 40 billion , but they paid back , whether it 's to shareholders or to invest in their operation , $ 50 billion .
You know , so much of what we look at when we look at oil stocks is predicated on what the price of oil is doing .
Absolutely .
So what 's your outlook for the price of oil over the next few weeks , months , and the foreseeable future ?
Actually , last August we thought oil prices were high and likely to go down .
Luckily it happened the way we forecast .
Couple of days ago I change my mind I do n't think that oil prices are likely to go sharply lower from current level .
Maybe $ 4, $ 5, but I do n't think we are going to see $ 40 any time soon .
There are politics , there are industrial constraints , and there is also the growth in demand .
There is no inflation .
Nobody is getting hurt , if you will .
But OPEC is basically drawing a line in the sand .
The Saudis did not like the $ 70 or $ 80 oil , but also the rest of OPEC really does not want to see $ 30 barrel oil and they do n't want to see it go back up .
So what you are seeing here is that we are going to be in the trading range but never the less we are going to see oil prices between say $ 55 and $ 60 , which is very healthy for the industry and very good for Exxon .
Fadel this is an exciting story four times a year when these earnings come out and we can all calculate as Christine did how many thousands a of dollars a minute it is .
That 's going to happen as long as oil is above $ 30 a barrel , probably above $ 20 a barrel .
These companies can make money at very low rates today .
The fact is as Jennifer said , when oil is going to be whether it is $ 30 , $ 40 , $ 50 , $ 60 , $ 70 , $ 80 or more we are going to see these record profits and investors have done well by that .
