And yet the military acknowledges that it is knowingly allowing men and women with criminal backgrounds to fight alongside soldiers with clean records .
So your husband was convicted of arson ?
Um-hum .
Which is a felony .
Right .
But instead of going to prison , he went to serve in Iraq ?
Right .
How did Rose Giddings ' husband end up in Iraq ?
Former Assistant Defense Secretary Lawrence Korb .
What it is , is the Army 's under tremendous pressure to meet their recruiting goals .
They 've quadrupled the number of non-high school graduates they 're taking in .
They 've quadrupled the number of people who score -- did not score above average on their aptitude test .
And even with that , one out of every five people last year were taken into the military with moral and criminal problems .
In fact , a longtime Pentagon consultant tells us last year alone the Army enlisted close to 1,000 people with felony records .
He told the Pentagon that service members convicted of multiple crimes have continued to serve and been repeatedly promoted .
Citing evidence from 1995 , the last time the Pentagon matched criminal records with personnel records , the consultant reported soldiers with convictions were given clearance to work with classified and top secret information and with a nuclear missile team .
None of these soldiers had their clearance revoked until years later .
Last year alone , all military branches combined , granted nearly 35,000 new recruits , what are called moral waivers for offense ranging from minor traffic violations to drug crimes , up 11 percent in just three years .
The Army is up a whopping 65 percent .
Well , it 's pretty hard to get a waiver if you 're a felon .
If you have a misdemeanor , you need a waiver .
But , I mean , if you 're a felon , you know , it takes a letter from God usually .
Retired Major General Paul Monroe , who headed the Army National Guard in California , says upholding moral standards is crucial to military effectiveness .
You 're supposed to take an annual physical , so we did it every other year .
But still , I mean , it was a requirement for physicals .
It should be a requirement that they 're still good people .
Military discipline has long been credited with turning around troubled youngsters .
But the military insists it is not a substitute for rehabilitation by the criminal justice system .
Still , the Army says , soldiers who commit a felony after they 've enlisted can continue to serve if a military adjudicator lets them stay .
Court documents indicate that 's what happened with Army Reservist Bob Gidding .
Gidding and his wife , Rose , had been high school sweethearts .
But it was n't long after he returned from boot camp that Rose says she saw another side of her husband .
He got so insecure and so just possessive , like I was his property .
While she was still pregnant , Rose says her husband accused her of having an affair .
In court , he admitted he then drove to the home of the suspected other man , doused his car with gasoline and set it on fire .
I 'm sitting there , like kind of in shock .
I was crying .
I was like , you know , freaking out pretty much .
