Coming up , like a good neighbor ?
Well , if you live in Mississippi , State Farm is not necessarily there .
And FedEx delivers .
They deliver a horrifying sight near Cincinnati .
Somehow everyone walked away .
We 'll tell you how .
And what could be a new and better way to stop your kids from getting the flu and , more important for the kids , at least , take the sting out of the visit to the doctor .
We 'll have that on AMERICAN MORNING.
The most news in the morning right here .
A little while ago we asked you the question , who 's got the grosser desk , the dirtier desk ?
Do n't wrinkle your cute nose , Stephanie .
Who 's got the dirtier desk ?
We assume it 's the guys .
We assume it 's the guys , right ?
It 's just a question -- the men or the women ?
Actually , a new study says women .
Yes , I would have said that .
Three to four times ...
Really ?
Why ?
... the amount of bacteria in and around their desks because women tend to store food .
Oh .
Like little squirrels you are , storing your food for the winter .
One researcher said , " I was surprised how much food there is in women 's desks .
If there 's ever a famine , that 's the place I 'm going to search for food . "
Also because you have makeup and hand cream .
All those things are like little petri dishes for germs .
Interesting .
Sorry ...
Hi , Miles .
Hi how are you ?
Thanks , Soledad , for sharing ...
How are you ?
Just great .
Feeling better all the time .
Stephanie Elam is here .
And we are talking about ice cream .
We all scream for ice cream .
My hands are clean because we 're talking about food .
No, I do n't want anyone grossed out .
And if anyone knows me , they know I 'm a freak about germs .
But let 's talk about something heating up in the ice cream world .
And it 's mergers .
What 's going on here ?
There is a New York investment firm that supposedly is interested in buying Marble Slab Creamy and Maggie Moos .
This is according to " The New York Times . "
Those are the second and third largest high-end ice cream chains in the U.S.
So if they came together , they would take over the number one spot held right now by Cold Stone Creamery .
And if you know how these guys work , you take your M&Ms, and you take your little things ...
Oh , it 's so good .
... and they sit there and they just scoop it back and forth and mix it all in .
It 's very yummy .
So good .
If you 're going to bring business reporting , you must bring samples for these types of segments , right ?
Yes .
We had a conversation and we knew -- and we knew you were not going to be happy about this .
Without the food , man .
This early in the morning .
OK .
Another thing I have to tell you about .
Goats milk ice cream is apparently -- they 're still laughing at me -- goats milk ice cream is apparently becoming kind of a favorite among ice cream connoisseurs .
