So the ads I saw -- and maybe this goes into that 50 percent -- I saw an editorial that said the reason why there` s so much slapstick this year is because America is just so tired of the war .
This is our violence coming out .
I saw that , too .
I must really -- I must really not be that smart , because I never put together " The Three Stooges " quality with , you know , the malaise about the Iraqi war .
You know , it` s not that , Dave .
It` s that we do n` t have a life .
It` s not that we`re -- we`re just not looking to make an issue out of absolutely nothing .
I think that` s what it is .
I`ll be honest .
Sometimes articles like that do make me question my intelligence .
I think is it me ?
Is it me ?
And here` s what I always come up with .
Wow , it just is me .
I guess I` m smarter than everybody else .
Dave , thanks a lot .
All right , buddy .
Back with " The Real Story " in just a second .
All right .
Welcome to " The Real Story . "
This is where we try to cut through the media spin and figure out why a story is actually important to you .
Yesterday , most of us were watching the Super Bowl , but the hottest action was n` t on the field in Miami .
The real story is that I`ve been telling you right here since last summer the Islamic extremist holy war is heating up , and the temperature is as hot as something that has not been seen since biblical times .
From the shores of the Persian Gulf to those of England` s Thames to our own Lake Michigan , violence is escalating and putting us on the brink of World War III .
Now , if for some reason you`re still in denial , I beg that you listen to this .
What used to be a theory is quickly becoming a terrifying and irrefutable fact !
Iran` s president , Ahmadinejad , has just I guess gotten bored with yesterday` s big game so he planned his own Super Sunday .
Next Sunday , February 11th , he` s going to reveal some of Iran` s giant achievement in science , including a cure for AIDS .
Really ?
Supposed to be herbal , they say .
Something tells me it` s probably going to look a lot like a machete .
And news also going to be announced of their nuclear progress .
The real story is Iran is getting dangerously close to achieving nuclear capability .
Too close for some of their neighbors , like Israel .
Reports surfaced yesterday that Iran` s leading nuclear scientist has died under "mysterious circumstances . "
U.S. intelligence sources reportedly cite very strong intelligence that he was assassinated by the Mossad , the Israeli security agency .
Israel denies any involvement in this , but I`ve got to ask the question : Why would anyone in this country say that out loud , even if we had the proof ?
If Iran should get a nuke , whether they buy one from the Soviets or make one of their own , Israel knows that their target number one , and we`re not far behind .
I could n` t blame them if they did take aggressive steps to ensure their own safety .
You know , by taking out Iran` s leading nutty professor , I` m OK with that .
I just wish we have the same kind of commitment here in this country .
