We did n` t charge for these photos .
We sent them out on the press .
There` s no charge for those photos .
So tonight , you did not bring up that you wanted money for each photo ?
We did n` t charge for those photos .
Right .
I know you did n` t charge for them , but you did ask for money , correct ?
We put in writing that we limit it to news purposes only .
We made that clear .
I think that there are some people that are getting together that are trying to create a kind of conspiracy that basically is portraying Howard to be the bad guy or the controller of the situation .
And that` s not the case .
Anna Nicole controlled what Anna Nicole did .
He did not feed her pills ; he did not get her medication .
Anna Nicole got her own medication , and she did what she wanted to do .
Welcome back .
Legal battle brewing at the medical examiner` s office there in Florida .
Now the mother of Anna Nicole Smith insists she has the right to the body .
Her lawyer/boyfriend , Howard K. Stern , says the same thing .
In the limbo , Dr. Joshua Perper , who has now filled out a sworn affidavit stating that the body will disintegrate and could disallow the embalming of Anna Nicole Smith .
It` s amazing .
You think a legal battle over an embalming ?
But that is what is happening down in Florida .
Let` s go down to Florida .
Standing by from " Extra , " correspondent Carlos Diaz .
Carlos , explain .
CARLOS DIAZ , " EXTRA" CORRESPONDEN
Well , you praised Dr. Perper earlier about him wanting to get rid of the body , but I think the main point that he made was the media frenzy .
I admire Dr. Perper .
I`ve talked to him several times , but I honestly believe the reason he wants to get rid of the body is because he` s sick of us .
You know , he` s tired of this media frenzy .
He wants that body out of there .
Carlos Diaz , I believe he can speak for himself .
Go ahead .
And the reality is , he clearly explained that a body will begin to disintegrate .
That` s the law of nature .
I understand this , but a big factor is the fact that there is a media frenzy going on around this body .
And he stated today , earlier today in an interview with us , that basically , if someone comes with a court order , he`ll release the body before February 20th , before the courts in California said so .
He sounded very eager to do that .
Now , I respect Dr. Perper , but let` s be realistic here .
He` s not used to this media frenzy surrounding this .
His life becomes a heck of a lot easier .
Can I ask you something ?
Yes , please .
Can I ask you something ?
What does that have to do with anything ?
What I` m saying is , you`re saying that he` s an amazing person for wanting to care for this body , but there is ulterior motives there .
What ?
That he` s tired of the media ?
Do you think he gives a flying fig about what you or I have to say about medicine ?
No, he does n` t care about us .
