And earlier I talked about the new effort with John Burns , the Baghdad bureau chief for " The New York Times . "
You wrote this week the president 's new plan for Iraq is meeting some of its stiffest resistance from the very people who are supposed to be executing the plan , Iraqi officials .
And you quote one U.S. military official as saying , " We are implementing a strategy to embolden a government that is actually part of the problem ...
We are being played like a pawn . "
What exactly is the problem right now ?
JOHN BURNS , " THE NEW YORK TIMES" : The problem is Iraqi history , Anderson .
You have a Shiite community that won power at the polls under American protection , that had waited a thousand years for this opportunity .
They do n't mean to have to share that power with anybody .
They are the majority community .
The government that represents the Shiite community led by Shiite religious parties , wants to get as much control as quickly as it can .
And more American troops in Baghdad and American generals at their shoulder is not part of how they envisage the future because of course this government cannot stand for very long without American troops and American troops in number .
When President Bush presented his plan to the American people and to the world , he seemed to indicate that it was all sort of set in stone , that it was all thought out , all planned out .
The articles I read from you on the ground in Baghdad , it does n't seem like that is the case .
It seems like there is a -- some confusion , at the very least , over operational control ?
There is .
When I asked General Casey , the American commander here , at a news conference 48 hours ago whether they would teach at West Point as a model the kind of operational command system they 're constructing for this new plan , a broad smile spread across his face and he said , well , coalitions are different .
But the fact is that behind that lies great disquiet .
The idea that you have a political leader , the prime minister , right involved in the operational chain of command , picking targets , picking who you go after and who you do n't go after .
And if he stays true to form , insisting they do n't go after certain Shiite leaders , even ones suspected of being involved in death squads .
And when they 're arrested , as he has done on more than one occasion in the last few months , handing them back , if you please , giving them up .
You can see why American commanders would be uneasy .
The U.N. has now come out with a figure of some 30,000 plus Iraqi dead last year .
Do you think that 's pretty accurate ?
Iraqi government officials , though , say it 's overstated .
I think it may be an undercount , because a lot of bodies never end up in morgues and never end up in graveyards .
They end up in sewers and in the river and in the deserts .
One of the things that struck me in an article you wrote several days ago is a change in the way military officials speak and basically what they are saying since Rumsfeld has left .
