Sure .
So , even though I 'm a conservative , I 'm not about to bash , you know , the liberals to that degree .
I think it 's unfair .
All right .
Just a closing thought .
First of all , do n't point at me with the liberals .
Go ahead .
You have to acknowledge -- acknowledge that there is tremendous -- probably as much hypocrisy in the Muslim culture as there is in the American ...
In any culture .
... Christian culture .
I -- I do n't deny that for a minute .
The point I 'm trying to make is that , in Islamic -- look , homosexuality , pornography , these things exist all over the world .
What the traditional Muslim is worried about is when these practices , which have been tolerated in just about every society , are seen as being glamorized or given social sanction .
So , it 's one thing to have homosexuality , which is a worldwide issue .
But gay marriage is seen as society putting its stamp of approval on something .
So , bin Laden has been able to take advantage of this .
I 'm not saying we should change .
I 'm just saying , let 's show the traditional world the other America .
All right .
All right .
All right .
Hang on .
Hang on .
Hang on .
I have got a question .
Should we -- should we blow a country up because they oppress women ?
Should we use that rationale ?
... not the argument he 's making in the book .
Guys , I have got 15 seconds .
That 's my whole point .
And I have got to move on .
All right .
Do you want to make a closing thought ?
Yes .
They have countries much more liberal than the U.S. in Europe , and -- Holland , and all these things .
And these countries are not being attacked .
I really think ...
I 'm not going to dismiss you , but I think most of these Muslim and Arab countries , whether you agree or not , are upset over real issues , things like Palestine , Iraq , and all that , whether you agree or not .
All right .
Team , we have got to leave it there .
Sorry , Dinesh .
Bin Laden might go out with Paris Hilton , if he got a chance .
We 're going to continue to argue about this .
Dinesh D'Souza ...
... Whitney Houston ...
... thank you for talking about your book .
Hang on .
I 'm sorry .
We have got to move on , Roland .
I 'm sorry .
Behave .
I 'm sorry .
Kamal , Amy , stay right here .
We 're going to come back in just a little bit .
Did I sound like your mother ?
You sound like Mike Myers .
Oh , behave .
A controversy over slavery is out in the open in Virginia tonight , where a state lawmaker has stirred up a hornets ' nest by telling the descendants of slaves to -- quote -- " Get over it . "
We 're going to check out that one in just a minute .
And , then , a little bit later on , my Headline Prime colleague Glenn Beck wants to sound off about the Duke lacrosse case .
It says -- or he says it has made him understand racism , but not in the way you may think .
He will explain when we come back .
