The media called me on my cell phone this afternoon .
Well , it goes without saying it was a total shock ?
I thought they were -- I just could n't believe it .
I still ca n't .
I feel like the floor has been pulled out from under me .
When was the last time you saw her ?
The last time I saw her was shortly after Daniel 's death in the Bahamas .
And I spoke to her about 10 days ago .
When you spoke to her , did she seem in -- based on just the conversation -- in fairly good health ?
I ca n't -- she -- I do n't know about her health , but I asked her -- she was in Florida and -- there for either a wrestling match or something .
And I said , " Well , did you have a good time , pumpkin ? "
And she said , " No , I did n't .
I could n't leave the hotel room .
So I just stayed here in the hotel room by myself while everybody else had fun . "
So I was trying to cheer her up .
And you could see that she was just feeling , you know , just this pressure from the outside world .
Despondent , would you say ?
No.
I just -- well , yes , I guess .
I do n't know .
Just confused .
China , you 're having a rough time with this .
JOANIE LAURER , COSTARRED WITH SMITH IN HER LATEST MOVIE , " ILLEGAL ALIENS" : I totally saw that coming .
I feel that ...
You saw it coming ?
Well , from my perspective .
Meaning ?
Meaning , I mean , I just -- everybody 's so sad now , trying to -- this little woman has been ridiculed from a joke .
People have taken advantage of her , you know .
You start to go why -- why are you doing this , you know ?
I 've had those feelings -- last night , I got in a huge fight with my friends -- I thought were friends .
I keep going back and ...
Over what ?
... you know , you never know who 's your friend and ...
A fight over what ?
I just ...
It was a...
... it 's hard for people to relate that when you 're dealing with public scrutiny nonstop , the -- you know , everybody is watching you , everybody is looking at you , and everything is usually toward the negative .
And she 's done , you know , reality shows and I 've done -- I 've done them , too .
And I 've been involved in last night and ...
So you feel she got a raw deal ?
I feel that .
OK .
I feel when they talk about -- when she talks about her feelings , that they 're the same exact as mine .
Monique Goen in New York , a close friend of Anna , wife of TrimSpa CEO.
How is your husband taking this , Monique ?
He 's devastated .
He is on a business trip in Spain and he 's getting flown in to come as soon as possible .
But he 's totally devastated .
Do you buy what China is saying that ... GOE
Not at all ...
...
I mean the ways Anna -- you do n't agree ?
Not at all , Larry .
I just was in the Bahamas visiting with Anna three weeks ago -- myself , John James .
We 're close friends of Anna .
And when I asked her about Joanie Laurer , her name , China , if she was friends with her , she said not at all .
And it seems to me that China keeps putting everything back on her and trying to put himself in the limelight .
