Well , we have had that before , unfortunately .
Even prior to Katrina , we had some incidents .
Resources is an issue .
We still do n't have a crime lab in the city , from the Katrina devastation .
Our police force is -- is struggling to get its numbers up .
And our criminal justice system , even before Katrina , it was struggling .
And now , post-Katrina , with the buildings being damaged , and people being gone , it 's in a little worse shape .
" The New York Times " referred to the law enforcement institutions in the city as dysfunctional .
You think that 's true ?
I think that they do not work in a very good , coordinated manner , if -- if that 's what they mean , absolutely .
We have a separate criminal judge systems , the DA , and the police .
And getting them -- with the pressure of this pending march , it was the first time since I have been mayor that I have been able to get a meeting of all three of those entities together to substantively talk about how we can solve this .
I think that surprises a lot of people , because it does seem like groups are n't talking together .
I mean , you have -- first of all , you have citizens who , in some communities here , are afraid to talk to the police , or do n't believe in , you know , what they call snitching .
You then have the police , who say the prosecutors are n't tough enough on criminals once they do get arrested .
You have a DA who called the police rabid dogs .
And you have everyone who seems to be saying judges are far too lenient , with only sending 7 percent of -- of people arrested , mostly for drug crimes , 7 percent , actually , only end up in prison .
What you 're seeing is the residuals from a system prior to Katrina that was broken .
Katrina is exposing everything in its rawest forms now .
And it 's just something that the citizens have to help us to push .
Well , Mayor Nagin admits , the criminal justice system is broken .
You just heard him say it can be fixed .
The protesters heard it all before , frankly , including Bart Everson .
He 's a friend of Helen Hill , the filmmaker who was murdered earlier this month .
This is what he had to say to the mayor today .
Today , I want to say , shame on you , Mayor Nagin , Superintendent Riley , District Attorney Jordan .
You have really let us down .
You have failed us .
It 's obviously been a devastating time for Bart Everson and a tiring day .
He , though , joins me now , and Julia Reed , senior writer for " Vogue " magazine , contributing editor for " Newsweek . "
Guys , appreciate you being here .
I 'm sorry it 's under these circumstances .
Bart , first of all , as -- as a friend of Helen Hill 's , what do you want people to know about her ?
Well , Helen was , quite simply , just the nicest person that I ever met .
I think she befriended really everybody that she met .
And it 's a tragedy that , you know , she will never befriend anyone again .
