You know what ?
Does that mean she` s not subject to the laws in this country ?
Not saying that .
But what kind of a bond risk is that , Nancy ?
Yes .
You`re right , a flight risk and a low bond , bad recipe .
Quick break .
When we come back , the clock` s ticking in the search for a 13-year-old straight-A student .
Every hour that goes by , it` s getting a little bit harder .
Everybody inside the family still has not given up .
Everyone` s still got that big ray of hope hanging out there .
It` s our worst nightmare , you know ?
I do n` t even know how to explain how we feel .
You know , it` s rough .
It` s really rough .
We just want Ben back .
A 13-year-old little boy -- he` s only 4`1 0" , 100 pounds , straight-A student , a Boy Scout -- gets off the school bus , at the school stop , just yards from his parents` home , and disappears in rural Missouri .
Tonight , the search is still on with the FBI and police for a white Nissan truck , saying Nissan across the back .
It` s pretty dinged up , rusted , no hubcaps , got a camper on the back .
Look at this .
Can you help ?
The tip line : 636-583-2560 .
A press conference went down this afternoon .
Take a listen .
These cases in general are extremely difficult to solve nationwide , you know , and that` s usually because of lack of witnesses and lack of evidence .
And that` s kind of what we`re facing here .
We`ve got one witness , you know , that has given us a very good description of the truck .
But we need the public` s help .
He liked to play on the computer , play games on the computer , but there was no indication that he was really getting on the Internet or making contact with anybody on the Internet .
So that does n` t look like it` s going to reveal anything to us .
Now , I know it` s very frustrating for the family .
We know what they`re going through .
And , you know , we would really like to bring this thing to a close , obviously .
And it wears on us , but it does n` t wear near as much on us as it does them .
This is in Beaufort , Missouri .
It` s a very rural area , about 60 miles from St . Louis .
But does this indicate someone was stalking the child or following the school bus ?
Was this a random act ?
How could the assailant , the kidnapper , find this home , out on a gravel road in a rural area ?
How did he know to go there ?
Out to 550 KTRS Radio reporter , Melanie Streeper , Melanie , how has the evidence developed today ?
Well , what I can tell you , Nancy -- and so far , about 30 leads have come in since Ben went missing Monday afternoon .
So police continue to work those leads .
They say that the investigation is progressing , and they have talked to some people of interest .
Take a listen to this .
Apparently we have about 20 officers assigned , and additionally today we also had our SWAT team that came out to assist in the grid search and the different searches that were being conducted .
