Gene in Georgia said , " Lou , the damn war in Iraq is causing all the distraction and inability of our government to function rationally .
The 111 amendments to the Minimum Wage Bill is the perfect example of obstruction , just like the Free Trade Bill . "
Send us your thoughts at LouDobbs.com .
More of your thoughts upcoming here .
And each of you whose e-mail is read here receives a copy of my book , " War on the Middle Class " .
Up next , a self-proclaimed enemy of America , Venezuela 's Hugo Chavez , has just won the power to do real damage .
We 'll have that special report .
And shocking new evidence of how your tax dollars are being squandered in the effort to rebuild Iraq .
And a terrorist scare in Boston as officials discover a series of suspicious packages .
You will not believe what those packages turned out to be .
And you wo n't believe the explanation .
Stay with us .
Venezuela 's Hugo Chavez , given to fiery anti-American rhetoric , now has the power of a dictator , given to him in a ceremony in parliament .
The Venezuelan dictator 's growing appetite for absolute power raising some modest concern at our State Department .
Kitty Pilgrim has the report .
Maximum revolution is his slogan .
The so-called mother log is Chavez ' dictatorial power over every aspect of the country .
Chavez seeks out enemies of the United States for alliances and has embraced rogue regimes from Iran to North Korea to Syria .
Chavez ' power comes from oil wealth .
Venezuela has the largest oil reserves outside of the Middle East .
Since Chavez first took office in 1999 , oil prices have soared from $ 15 a barrel to $ 60 a barrel last year .
PAMELA FALK , CITY UNIVERSITY OF NEW YOR
Hugo Chavez in many ways is Fidel Castro , but with petro dollars .
Chavez has also threatened to divert a lot of his oil sales to other countries , including China .
He 's threatened to take out much of the Citgo , Venezuelan owned oil distributing network in the United States , as well .
And so he could have a very serious impact on the U.S. economy .
With today 's new powers , Chavez controls Venezuela 's largest telecommunications company , the electricity sector , most industry , including the oil and gas industries .
All done with a wink and a nod to democracy , voted in by a rubber stamp parliament .
On Monday , Chavez , meeting with Cuba 's ailing Fidel Castro , was clearly posing as the ideological successor to the revolutionary icon in the region .
Mr.
Chavez who has been trying to export his kind of radical populism and I think his behavior is threatening to democracies in the region .
Venezuela is the fourth largest oil supplier for the United States and accounts for some 15 percent of U.S. imports .
Now this next six-year term for Chavez will give him more power than any other individual in Venezuela in the last 50 years .
Power that he has pledged to use in exporting his revolution and challenging the influence of the United States in the region -- Lou .
And I love Negroponte 's response .
He calls it radical populism .
He 's a dictator , for crying out loud .
