This is a special edition of 360 , " Exit Strategy or No Way Out ? "
Younger than 22 : 864 22-24 : 681 25-30 : 702 31-35 : 301 Older than 35 : 340
Source : Brookings Institution December 2006
Before the break we were talking about the insurgency with John Burns of the " New York Times , " as well as General James " Spider " Marks , here in Washington -- retired general .
And also Dan Christman , also joining us in Washington .
We continue that discussion now .
John , what happens if the president 's plan fails ?
And what kind of a timetable are we looking at as a -- to be able to measure whether or not it has failed or is succeeding ?
Well , I was little surprised to hear General Odierno , the operational commander , the new operational commander here in Iraq , if you will , the first in a line of new generals who are going to be taking over this war , saying at the weekend that he need three or four months once he had those new troops -- at least the first of those new troops , to accomplish the stabilization of Baghdad and that he envisaged by the autumn -- that 's to say August or September of this year -- pulling U.S. troops back to the periphery of Baghdad , which by the way , is what Mr. Maliki wanted all along .
He did not want more U.S. troops .
He did not want more U.S. troops in the heart of Baghdad .
That 's what he 's going to get .
So the Americans are working under a deadline driven both by American politics and by Iraqi politics .
General Marks , does that make you nervous , that U.S. politics are playing a big role in this ?
Oh not at all .
Anderson , politics always will drive military operations on the ground .
And soldiers fight where they 're told .
They do n't choose where and when and who they 're going to have to fight against .
And what General Ray Odierno is talking about is to achieve stability , you then have to sustain that stability over the course of time .
And I think what you 're talking about is moving that into the fall .
And so what you want to try to do is make sure the bar is set and realistically you can achieve and then measure that success within Baghdad .
Then you get out to the other provinces .
General Christman , you 're a student of history .
We 've talked a lot about history in the past when you 've been on the program .
Is there any reason to believe that we have learned the mistakes , even the mistakes of recent history in Iraq and that somehow it will be different this time ?
We 've learned , I think , Anderson , clearly some military mistakes learned from those .
I think all of us are encouraged who know Dave Petraeus .
He 's a very , very superb student of history and of counterinsurgency .
And to have him in charge of this campaign I think will bring this knowledge of historical mistakes and how we can profit from those to the current fight .
