Come this way .
The last year of Smith 's life was full of legal drama and personal turmoil .
On September 7 , 2006 , she gave birth in the Bahamas to a daughter , Dannielynn .
But , three days later , her 20-year-old son , Daniel , died mysteriously while visiting Smith in her hospital room .
A pathologist later ruled he died as a result of a lethal mix of antidepressants and methadone .
With Smith mourning the loss of her son , at the question of who had fathered her newborn quickly became a legal issue .
Smith and her lawyer and companion Howard K. Stern announced he was the father .
But Smith 's former boyfriend , Larry Birkhead , also claimed paternity .
At the time of her death , Smith was under court order to have her baby tested to determine the father 's identity .
With Smith now gone , that question of who fathered the baby and who might inherit any money from the Marshall estate only becomes more complex .
Sibila Vargas , CNN, Los Angeles .
And Sibila will join us in a minute or two .
First , though , let 's bring in " SHOWBIZ TONIGHT" host A.J. Hammer from Headline Prime .
Always good to see .
You too , Paula .
Why was the public so fascinated with Anna Nicole Smith ?
Well , for a lot of reasons .
But she was a beautiful woman .
There 's no question about it .
She truly fit that bombshell description .
But she was also a highly dysfunctional person .
This is a woman who successfully took those 15 minutes of fame that began with the " Playboy " magazine spreads in the early 1990s , and turned it into 15 years .
And -- and , really , what I have been saying quite a bit is , despite the fact -- you know , Sibila mentioned , she had the Guess jeans campaign .
She had the TrimSpa campaign .
But she really was famous for the sake of being famous .
A lot of people today have been really struggling to say , well , why -- why was she famous ?
And she was a personality .
And , as we know , in this media age , sometimes , that 's all it takes .
And -- and she sort of was train-wreck TV .
ZAH
We , Sibila , were talking a little bit earlier on how she was considered by some to be the next Marilyn Monroe .
And she certainly capitalized on the similarity in images .
But there are some very sad parallels in both of their stories , too , is n't there ?
Absolutely .
I mean , you know , these two women sort of epitomized what Hollywood can do for a person .
I mean , you can go as -- you know , as the sky .
But it always seemed that there was a sadness about the both of them .
I mean , let 's start with just the humble beginnings .
I mean , they both come from poverty .
They made it very big .
But , you know , there was questions in Marilyn Monroe 's life , as -- people that abused her when she was a child .
And , with Anna Nicole , Anna Nicole did n't even know who her dad was .
So , that was very sad right there , just to begin , right off the bat .
And , then , there were the early marriages .
They both got married at a very young age .
They ended up divorcing shortly afterwards .
