And they want to build 900 units , low-rise condominiums , a high-end marina , and a 300-room luxury hotel .
And basically , everybody there is going to get about a million bucks or more for their trailers .
Two-thirds of the folks on the property have to agree to this by January the 10th .
Some people are holding out , but I suspect most of them will go for it .
Wow , that 's a big piece of change for a trailer .
Yes .
I mean , we 've only seen reports of people who have paid sort of up to a couple hundred thousand dollars for their property there .
So...
It 's a whole new meaning to the old Dan Ratherism of betting the doublewide .
You can sell -- if you can sell the doublewide , you can move to a Manhattan apartment .
Thanks , Ali .
Top stories of the morning coming up , including a surprising benefit of Botox .
Dr. Sanjay Gupta tells us all about that .
Plus , the only state in America that allows same-sex marriage moves a step closer to possibly reversing course .
We 'll have a live report ahead on AMERICAN MORNING.
Breaking news out of Iraq this morning .
A man 's in custody in connection to the unauthorized cell phone videotape that was taken at Saddam Hussein 's execution .
A new benefit from Botox , how the wrinkle reducer is now helping some stroke victims live fuller lives .
And all the right moves .
She was cheering for him .
Now we 're cheering for both of them , as the football hero has popped the question moments after he won the big game .
The happy couple is going to join us on this AMERICAN MORNING.
Welcome back , everybody .
That 's so sweet .
They 're sweet .
He 's sweet .
One of those great moments .
It 's a really great moment .
We 're going to talk to them , sit down and find out how it all transpired in just a little bit .
First though , it 's January 3rd , Wednesday morning .
I 'm Soledad O'Brien .
And I 'm John Roberts in for Miles O'Brien this week .
Thanks very much for joining us .
Let 's get right now to the breaking news just in from Iraq , a guard at Saddam Hussein 's execution has been detained in connection with the video showing the execution .
Let 's get right to CNN 's Arwa Damon in Baghdad .
Arwar , what 's the latest on this ?
Well , John , according to ( INAUDIBLE ) one of the advisers to Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al- Maliki , the Iraqi government has arrested the individual whom they believe shot that highly controversial cell phone footage and distributed it both on websites and across television stations .
The Iraqi government has only identified him as being one of the guards who was at the site .
That means that he was not one of the individuals who was brought specifically for this execution , but one of the usual guards that secures the facility where Saddam Hussein was hanged by the Iraqi government .
Now , there has been much controversy surrounding the cell phone footage .
If you remember , the footage that the Iraqi government released ended with the noose being placed around Saddam Hussein 's neck and had no audio .
