They -- they criticize what you say , but they never give you credit for how loud you say it .
That 's true .
Well , I know who I find funnier , but O'Reilly was a good sport .
Stick around for the second half hour of RELIABLE SOURCES.
A black accuser , three white lacrosse players -- did news organizations fan the racial flames at Duke University ?
And a free speech fight .
A conservative radio station fights back against liberal bloggers .
Welcome back to RELIABLE SOURCES.
The Duke rape case which sparked such a media frenzy last spring when a black woman made allegations against three white lacrosse players has been slowly collapsing .
The accuser changed her story so many times that the rape charges were dropped but sexual assault charges remained .
Prosecutor Mike Nifong bowed out of the case , turning it over to North Carolina 's attorney general .
But the media 's role in this case remains controversial , as does that of the woman whose identity is being protected by news organizations .
CASH MICHAELS , EDITOR-IN-CHIEF , " THE CAROLINIAN" : Here you had the perfect storm of a crime story .
The steps over there , you could n't breathe on those steps .
There was a camera here from every part of the country because it was a good story .
GAIL DINES , SOCIOLOGY PROFESSOR< WHEELOCK COLLEG
I think this woman has been hung out to dry by the media .
I think questions about her morality , her emotional stability , her psychological stability , which is what happens to women in rape cases , and especially to women of color ...
Joining us now from Boston , Callie Crossley , media commentator and panelist on WGBH 's " Beat the Press . "
And in Toledo , Ohio , Christine Brennan , sports contributor for " USA Today " and a contributor to ABC News .
Christine Brennan , when I look back on the coverage , particularly those first few months , it just looks to me like an absolutely awful performance by the media , pumping this into a big national melodrama .
Would you argue with that ?
CHRISTINE BRENNAN , " USA TODAY" : I 'd agree with you , Howie , for sure on that .
I think what we saw was the perfect storm for our media in 2006 , in this 21st century , the sense that you 've got all of these , what , 300 channels now out there , all this time to fill , 24/7 , the sound bite rules , the quick hit , make it very simple for the viewer , try to keep that viewer for a few more minutes , fill the time as best you can .
Really , an awful performance , an embarrassing time , I think , for journalism .
I feel good personally about what I did on the story , Howie .
I feel good about some of the mainstream coverage .
But even those of us in the so-called mainstream I think went way too far and forgot the idea of restraint in journalism .
What do we know ?
When did we know ?
How did we learn it ?
Instead , for that ratings grab , for that hope of getting attention , keeping ratings , keeping circulation , I think some people lost their minds in this story .
