Not until then .
Some say the shooting lasts five minute ; some say 20 .
But finally the convoy breaks free , racing to the edge of town .
Amazingly , nobody in the back of Bill Meyers ' vehicle is hurt .
Sure you 're all right ?
Then a flash comes .
From the mosque .
All the young Marines in Charlie Company had this in common .
Each one told his family that he wanted to serve , that he loved the Marine Corps and that he could not imagine fighting alongside finer individuals .
On this one night , however , the entire platoon 's courage is being put to a terrible test .
Once again , here 's CNN 's Tom Foreman .
( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE )
The gunfire grows sporadic as the convoy roars toward the edge of town .
The plan is to regroup in the dark countryside and consider a counter attack .
We started pulling out of Hoklinya ( ph ) .
We picked up speed .
I guess were doing about 50 , 55 miles an hour .
In the back of Meyers ' Humvee all the men are OK , beginning to laugh over surviving their first fire fight .
They 're keeping their heads down .
And then bam .
There was a loud freaking explosion .
My ears were ringing .
And I did n't know what happened .
I did n't know what it was .
I had gotten blown over almost over onto the driver .
A rocket-propelled grenade had been fired from the mosque , according to military investigators .
In less than two seconds it flew almost 1,000 feet to the very limit of the weapon 's range .
It landed in the back of the speeding vehicle , just behind Bill Meyers ' seat on top of Jonathan Bowling .
I yelled at the driver keep driving , keep driving .
And there was so much commotion on the radio , I turned back and I looked close at Gentry and said , " What 's going on ? "
He said who is still with us ?
He said it 's bad .
It 's bad .
By the time I got to Strong , I realized we just took our first casualty .
He said , " I think Strong is gone .
I think Strong is gone . "
I could look back and I could see that the guys on the right side were all slumped over .
I knew it was definitely something bad .
On the passenger side Jesse Strong was the furthest from the blast .
As the Humvee finally escapes the range of the insurgent guns and stops , Meyers hurries to check on the others , too .
I did n't know they were as bad as they were , for the simple fact that it was hard to tell from my perspective , because the guys were , like I said , they were slumped over .
Meyers has eight shrapnel wounds and a bullet lodged in his chest as he runs to get help from another vehicle .
Of the 10 men in the Humvee , only the driver escapes injury .
As medical corpsman rush to the stricken truck , the Marines remain hopeful .
When I got on the back of the truck , I think you know , we 're going to be OK .
Yes , we 're hurt bad , but we 're going to be all right .
FOREMA
