Straw buyers are situations where people are offered money in order for -- to use their identities in real estate transactions .
And this is , of course , not legal .
If you 're going to purchase a home , you have to intend to make the mortgage payments , not intend that somebody else is going to make them .
And we see straw buyers -- they 're offered usually somewhere between $ 5,000 and $ 10,000 to use their credit .
It 's portrayed as a no risk sort of a transaction for them .
But , of course , if the people who are actually supposed to be responsible for the mortgage do n't make the payments , then it 's that ultimate person who signs on the bottom line that ends up responsible , and their credit 's the one that 's destroyed .
Well , Rachel , of course , people really want to watch out for this .
And the targets are typically the elderly , first-time home buyers .
We could go on and on here , but we 're really out of time .
Rachel , thank you so much for your time .
Thank you , Gerri .
Still ahead on OPEN HOUSE , breaking into a sweat without breaking the bank .
We 'll tell you how to build an affordable gym right in your house .
And you see the wild high-tech advances for your home available in the future .
Well , guess what ?
The future is right now .
We 'll explain .
But first , your mortgage numbers .
Working out is usually at the top of the list of New Year 's resolutions , but busy schedules and expensive gym fees , well , it can all make it really hard to follow through .
So we put together the perfect home gym , where you can burn calories without burning your budget .
Everybody wants a home gym , but what if I do n't have a lot of money to spend ?
Say , only $ 500 .
What can I get ?
For $ 500 , you can get some very basic tools .
You can get , for example , a foam roller , which is really good for loosening up a lot of the muscle tissue around the joint .
Like this ?
Right .
And put your hips right up here .
Put your hips ...
This is my kind of exercise .
Put your hips right up on this .
I get to lay down .
This is called a Swiss ( ph ) ball .
And basically , it 's a rubberized ball that you can load up with air and you can do a variety of things on it .
You know , I have one of these .
I do n't really know what you do with it .
OK .
You can use it to add a little bit more complexity to a basic exercise .
Like , let 's say it 's a crunch .
So why do n't you lie down on the ball .
Thanks .
I get to do this .
OK .
They 're very inexpensive .
These generally run somewhere around $ 30 or so .
These are called body bars , and basically think of them -- like barbells but rubberized .
So you can lie down on the bench , you can do a basic bench press .
That 's probably the lowest cost cardiovascular exercise you can do -- next to running , of course , which costs nothing .
