And I 'm glad to see you .
Nice to see you .
We have n't been together for a little while .
It has been a little while .
Good to be back .
Nice holiday , nice Christmas , nice New Year 's , blah , blah , blah .
All that stuff .
We 'll talk about that later .
All right .
Talk amongst yourselves .
All right .
Happening this morning , south of Atlanta , they 're clearing trees and downed power lines .
Twenty homes damaged , a half - dozen destroyed by a suspected tornado in Coweta County late yesterday .
No serious injuries , but a frightening experience for a number of people trapped by the storm , including 30 children at a birthday party .
Rescuers had to fight their way through blocked roads just to get to them .
In Washington , investigators trying to get the metro back on track after a series of accidents .
The latest incident last night .
A train jumping the tracks , slamming into a tunnel wall .
A hundred and fifty hurt -- excuse me , 150 aboard , 20 hurt .
Three workers were killed in accidents in the D.C. metro last year .
Homeland security at the Port of Miami reporting all secure today .
Three men still in custody this morning , though .
Authorities shut down a section of the port after the trio tried to drive an 18- wheeler in , apparently without the correct paperwork .
The men , two Iraqis and a Lebanese national , are legal U.S. residents , and their cargo did check out after all .
Apparently , it was all a miscommunication fueled by a language barrier .
The end of an era for air travelers this morning .
The last DC-10 in a U.S. airline fleet to make its final landing with passengers aboard .
Northwest Airlines Flight 98 from Honolulu to land in Minneapolis in about 20 minutes .
Northwest first started flying DC-10s in 1972 .
They 've carried more than 125 million passengers for the airline .
McDonnell Douglas stopped building the wide bodies in 1998 -- Soledad .
More now on that tornado you were just talking about a moment ago , Miles .
It happened in Moreland , Georgia , which is outside of Atlanta .
CNN 's Gary Tuchman is live for us at the scene this morning .
Good morning , Gary .
Soledad , good morning you to .
And not such a good morning here , however .
You 'll have to excuse the people of Coweta County , Georgia , about 40 miles south of Atlanta , if they feel they 're being targeted unfairly , because it appears that over the last three days they 've been hit by two tornadoes .
And this is January .
Usually in January you 're talking about snow or ice , even though it 's the South , but two tornadoes have hit this area because of the unusual weather that 's been afflicting much of the East Coast , the warm springtime-type weather .
But you see this gas station , this BP station .
You had a canopy destroyed , you had the convenient store destroyed .
They 'll be closed for much of the day .
You have in this area where we are -- once again , it 's about 45 minutes south of the city of Atlanta , Georgia -- up to 20 homes that have been heavily damaged , hundreds of trees that are down , and lots of lucky people , because there were fears yesterday from the fire chief when he heard that these winds came through and these trees were down , these homes were damaged , that people might be injured or killed .
There have been no deaths , no serious injuries .
But many people were trapped , including one 14-year-old who was in the bathtub .
