That 's the journalist in you .
I always wanted to ad a ly every time I heard that to , differently .
Yes , I know .
Good morning , Soledad and Miles .
And this is a story that we have been covering for two days now .
And it just is not ending .
First of all we have Apple , Steve Jobs , coming up and saying the music industry needs to get rid of their anti-piracy software .
And then after that , the music industry said , hey , no , you need to loosen up your software .
And now EMI , which is the record label behind ColdPlay , as well as the Rolling Stones , are saying , we 're looking at actually talking to online retailers and selling our entire digital music catalog to them .
This is according to " The Wall Street Journal . "
Let 's see how this plays out .
But if that did happen , anyone who has an MP3 player would be able to play their music .
Let 's move on and take a look at the view from Vista .
Microsoft 's new operating system has been doing really well for PC sales .
It turns out that PC sales rose 67 percent in U.S. retail stores in the first week on the market .
Leading the charge was Hewlett-Packard .
They saw their share of those sales up about 50 percent .
Actually a little bit more than that .
And so they did lead the industry with that .
The last time a Windows operating system came out , it was XP in 2001 .
Vista delayed twice .
So people have been waiting around to upgrade to this one .
Let 's move on and take a look that the markets yesterday .
The Dow , a little bit on the down side , off about 29 points yesterday , down to 12,638.
And that was hurt by indications of weaknesses in the housing market , despite some strong retail sales numbers , as well as earnings results .
The Nasdaq was also off less than two points though at 2,488 .
So we 'll have to see if we can end the week here on a positive note and see what happens today .
Thank you , Stephanie .
We 'll be watching it , no matter what happens .
No matter .
All right , Stephanie , thanks .
Top stories of the morning are up next , including a startling new report on autism .
We 'll tell you how common the disorder really is .
Plus , we 're going to talk to the last reporter to interview Anna Nicole Smith , " Entertainment Tonight 's " Mark Steines .
Did he see any signs of trouble ?
You 're watching AMERICAN MORNING.
The most news in the morning right here .
The child who 's now been left behind .
An autopsy today on Anna Nicole Smith and a new fight for the custody of her 5- month-old daughter .
Extreme weather .
Seven feet of snow on the ground in parts of the Northeast .
More on the way .
Sounding a new alarm on autism .
The devastating condition is more common in children than was first thought .
The new numbers straight ahead on this AMERICAN MORNING.
Welcome back , everybody , Friday , February 9th .
I 'm Soledad O'Brien .
