Well , it turned out they were n't home -- two of the ringleaders had actually trained in Pakistan with al Qaeda and that is now regarded as an al Qaeda operation .
So al Qaeda is back to , you know , think about that operation -- thousands of miles from their base on the home -- on the Afghan border .
It took them about a year to plan .
It sort of looks like to me a little bit like the USS Cole attack in Yemen in 2000 .
So that they had been to training camps in Pakistan before they carried out the bombing in Britain ?
Yes .
Does this represent a new centralization of al Qaeda control after it was so dispersed for so many years ?
I think it shows they 're regrouping .
You know , they 're regrouping in Afghanistan , on the Pakistan border ...
And what does that mean for us ?
Well , you know , British citizens can visit the United States fairly easily and we already saw in August an attempt by a group of British citizens of Pakistani descent directed by al Qaeda , according to U.S. intelligence officials , trying to bring down 10 American airliners .
If that had succeeded , that would have been a 9/11 event -- thousands of Americans would have been killed .
Troubling intelligence .
Peter Bergen , as always , thanks very much .
Thank you .
Appreciate your expertise .
Are the storm clouds of war building over Iran ?
Or is President Ahmadinejad in trouble at home for being too provocative ?
We 'll check in with our man in the Middle East next on THIS WEEK AT WAR .
Is the White House gearing up for war with Iran over its meddling in Iraq ?
What do Arab allies think about the plan to bring peace to Baghdad ?
And is there any hope of resolving the Israeli-Palestinian crisis ?
A lot going on in the region this week .
So we turn to CNN Middle East correspondent , Aneesh Raman .
He 's in Cairo .
And with me here , Ray Takeyh .
He 's a senior fellow for Middle Eastern studies at the Council on Foreign Relations and author of " Hidden Iran : Paradox and Power In The Islamic Republic . "
Aneesh Raman , storm clouds gathering over Iran .
People wondering , is the United States going to invade ?
Are we going to go to war with Iran ?
What 's the sense of it there in the region ?
Well , going into this year , John , many Iranians thought military confrontation was inevitable .
Iran 's president , at every opportunity , continued to raise the stakes .
But we 've had a very significant , perhaps , week in Iran .
An editorial published just in the past few days in a paper owned by the country 's supreme leader has called on Iran 's president to get out of the nuclear dispute with the West and has said some of his recent statements were "offensive . "
Now in Iran , an editorial is never just an editorial , especially when the paper is owned by the supreme leader , the be all and end all of decision-making .
So it 's being seen as a sign , perhaps , that the supreme leader is reigning in Iran 's president .
