John .
Well , if people are actually beginning to save , that would be a good thing .
Coming up , some say that he is single handedly making New York City a healthy place to live .
Others wonder if he 's sticking his nose where it does n't belong .
New York 's health czar speaks out .
Plus , new details this morning on the American family on board that missing plane in Indonesia .
AMERICAN MORNING is coming right back .
Breaking news to tell you about .
An American sailor stranded hundreds of miles off the coast of Chile is rescued overnight .
We 've got a live report straight ahead .
A developing story .
President Bush replacing two of his top generals as he prepares to roll out a new plan for Iraq .
And one man 's mission to make millions of people live longer .
Is New York City 's health commissioner a genius or is he just nosy , poking in where he does n't belong ?
We 've got a look at that space ( ph ) straight ahead on this AMERICAN MORNING.
Welcome back , everybody .
It 's Friday , January 5th .
I 'm Soledad O'Brien in New York .
Good morning to you , John .
Good morning to you , Soledad .
I 'm John Roberts in our Washington bureau , in for Miles O'Brien .
Thanks very much for joining us .
O'BRIE
Let 's begin with that breaking news .
A rescue at sea .
Terrific , terrific news to tell you about .
Within the hour , search teams were able to reach 47-year-old Ken Barnes .
He had been stranded on his boat , the Privateer , which was severely damaged .
He was attempting to sail around the world .
He set off from Long Beach , California , but he ran into a big storm as he approached Cape Horn , which is 500 miles off the coast of Chile .
AMERICAN MORNING 'S Chris Lawrence is in Newport Beach , California , for us this morning , where Ken 's family got the terrific news .
Good morning to you , Chris .
Yes .
Soledad , they almost -- they told me -- I just got off the phone with them a couple of minutes ago , and they said when they first heard the news about an hour ago , they almost did n't want to get their hopes up .
But now that it 's been confirmed and they found out that he is in relatively good condition , all things considered , they said they are just ecstatic , it was the best possible news .
When I was speaking with his mother , she said that just a few weeks ago she had been watching what the families were going through as they watched their loved ones as they tried to rescue those climbers up on Mt .
Hood .
She said , " We were watching it every night , never knowing that we would be in a somewhat similar position just a few weeks later . "
Of course , this had a much , much happier ending for this family .
It was a fishing vessel , a private fishing vessel , a Chilean fishing vessel , that actually reached Ken Barnes first .
And right now it has been guided by a surveillance plane by the Chilean navy .
Now that it 's picked him up , it will take about a day or two to get back to shore .
And from that point , he will begin the long process of flying to Santiago and eventually back home here to California -- Soledad .
