We 're probably going to get a little bit of snow here , potentially some ice as well .
You know , the cold air has been in place for a couple of weeks , but the moisture has n't really mixed in , with the exception of the Great Lakes helping things out in upstate New York .
You saw what happened there .
Now we 're tapping some of the moisture , and this is a big storm that is going to affect millions of people , especially the eastern two-thirds of the country .
You see the radar here .
Not only does it show the precipitation , the snow to the north , the rain to the east and thunderstorms down to the south .
It also shows the circulation .
Right now that is right over Oklahoma City .
As we move ahead towards tomorrow , the forecast position of that storm is going to move off to the east and the sides size of this storm will only get larger .
The center will be somewhere over Illinois or Indiana .
A warm front stretching off to the east , cold front draping down to the south .
Along that cold front we could easily see some severe weather , potentially some tornadoes as well .
So , we 're getting everything when it comes to this storm , from tornadoes , potentially , severe weather down in the south in the form of thunderstorms .
Icing conditions potentially across the Ohio River Valley and also banked up against the Appalachians , and then snow especially in through the Great Lakes and then through Upstate New York .
Just how much snow ?
Let 's look at the forecast snowfall potential for the next 48 hours .
The darker the colors are , the more snow you can expect to see .
Generally speaking , six to 12 inches expected across central Illinois and central Indiana .
Twelve-inch plus swathes , about 100 miles or so wide there .
You see it across the Ohio River , mostly north of the Ohio River , from Cleveland up through Buffalo , Buffalo to Albany and north of Albany , and through Upstate New York , 12 inches of snow is certainly possible .
As far as the really big cities across the I-95 corridor , once again , most likely , Boston , Hartford , New York , Philly will be spared the brunt of this storm .
But here in D.C. , we could easily get some icing conditions .
As a matter of fact , John , a winter storm warning has been posted for the D.C. area through Wednesday afternoon for the potential of seeing some sleet , freezing rain , potentially coating this -- the capital with a thin layer of ice .
And as you can imagine , that would bring things to a standstill .
We 'll see what happens .
My daughter is already looking forward to a snow day .
But I 'm going to bet you , Rob , that it 's not going to snow .
And you know why ?
Why 's that ?
I gassed up and changed the oil in the snow blower .
You 're right about that .
You may be right .
All right , thanks , Rob , appreciate it .
All right , John .
Still ahead on 360 , an update on that deadly mall shooting in Salt Lake City .
