All right , John .
Well , if you 're afraid of spiders , you probably do n't want to see this shot tonight .
Let 's check this one out .
This is called the Goliath bird eater .
It 's a tarantula .
In fact , it is the largest spider in the world .
Goliath bird eater is native to South America .
And Anderson found one , hopefully not in his sleeping bag , in the Amazon Basin in northeast Brazil .
And , despite its name , it does n't eat birds , but it is one of the few tarantulas that can catch and kill a full-grown mouse .
How about that ?
Hmm .
These spiders can get as big as 12 inches .
And , apparently , they 're a good source of protein , as well , because some tribes catch them and roast them over hot coals .
They eat them , and then use their fangs as toothpicks .
You ca n't make this stuff up .
After a good workout , a little Tabasco sauce .
Tastes -- tastes like chicken , I think .
Chicken .
Uh-huh .
Chicken .
Well , you -- we will leave that to the lawyers .
Exactly .
Well , you know what ?
Everyone is searching for those high - protein diets ?
Tarantulas .
Yes .
I will pass .
Something else that may gross you out , it 's the top watchdog of the Justice Department saying today that the agency , including the FBI , has significantly overstated and , at times , understated its success in the war on terror -- the report calling the reporting haphazard .
The Justice Department denies any wrongdoing .
And up next , also , another kind of terror .
Big ships carrying explosive cargo , earthquake fears , or trapped inside .
We are fully engulfed .
Terror targets , manmade or from Mother Nature , a special report , " The Edge of Disaster . "
Are you prepared ?
And later , inside the Amazon -- a vital ecosystem disappearing .
What happens here in the rain forest affects us in the United States and affects people literally around the world .
Anderson 's reality check on our " Planet in Peril " -- when 360 continues .
Good evening .
Our purpose tonight is not to scare you , but the truth is we 're living on borrowed time , flirting with disaster , a superpower acting powerless against the next great threat .
And there are many threats on the horizon , blackouts , earthquakes , hurricanes like Katrina , a bird flu pandemic , another 9/11 .
The reality may be not if they can happen , but when and where and how catastrophic they 'll be .
In his new book " The Edge of Disaster , " Stephen Flynn shows you how dangerously unprepared we are for what is no longer unthinkable .
Over the next hour , we 'll talk to Flynn and lay out nightmare scenarios that are predictable and preventable .
This is a wake-up call to our government at every level , one that can no longer be ignored .
Consider the war on terror .
Now , the White House says taking the battle overseas makes us safer here at home , but five years after 9/11 we may even be more vulnerable to a terrorist strike .
On that Tuesday morning , hijackers turned planes into weapons of mass destruction , their targets American icons , the World Trade Center , a symbol of our economic right , and the Pentagon , the nerve center for the military .
