I should say .
Probably gone already .
I would bet .
Steve Jobs once again finding himself tangled up in a stock options mess .
You know , Ali Velshi , it 's 25 minutes past the hour .
You could do a Steve Jobs story every day .
Every day .
There 's always something .
There is always something .
And , back -- it almost seems like ancient history -- but back in December Apple came out with a report , and it said that it found Steve Jobs , the boss over there , may have known , in fact , likely knew about the fact that some options at Apple were being back-dated .
However , it said that he did n't make any money out of it , and people sort of moved on , other than the SEC , which continues to investigate .
But shareholders certainly moved on .
The shares of Apple ended up soaring , and Apple announced it would come out with its mush - awaited iPhone .
Everybody seems to forget what the problems were .
Now Steve Jobs is back in the spotlight , and it 's about Pixar company .
He was also very involved in Pixar .
As you know , it made all these animated movies -- " Monsters Inc . "
A lot of the movies were groundbreaking .
And one of the executive producers involved in a string of these movies had to be paid a lot of money to be there .
And now the allegation is there are reports that Steve Jobs knew of , or may have had a hand in the fact that this director was given stock options in Pixar at the lowest price of the year .
Problem is that the lowest price of the year occurred three months before the contract was actually signed .
That 's really the story behind this entire stock option scandal that 's enveloped more than 200 companies .
The idea of betting on a horse race after the race has been run .
The SEC is investigating that , and we 're going to be taking a look at that .
One of the other problems that Steve Jobs has , that might be going away this week is the issue of the iPhone versus iPhone .
They announce that they 're coming out with this iPod /phone later this year , except Cisco said it already has an iPhone .
Cisco sued Apple .
They decided -- the two companies -- decided to sit down at the table again and Apple was -- had an extension until Thursday to respond to Cisco 's lawsuit .
Well , this Thursday is when the other shoe drops .
Most people are expecting that a deal will be made .
They 're not expecting this lawsuit to go any further .
One problem off Steve Jobs ' lap , maybe another one coming in .
Well , that 's what he gets the big bucks for it .
That 's what he gets the big bucks for .
All right , Ali .
The top stories of the morning are coming up next .
CNN exclusive , our cameras are there for an intense firefight in Iraq .
Showing the struggle to take back specific towns , town by town .
And crikey !
Senator Barack Obama barely shakes off the cold from his big speech in Springfield , Illinois , when he draws some heat from Down Under .
AMERICAN MORNING , the most news in the morning .
