In Florida now , the odd , tragic mission of astronaut Lisa Nowak .
This morning she 's on her way home to Houston , but not to her job at the Johnson Space Center .
These are new pictures which just came in a little while ago .
Her flight is due to depart in five minutes .
She is grounded , however , on paid leave for 30 days while she fends off charges she had kidnapping and murder on her mind as she pursued the other woman in a love triangle .
CNN 's John Zarrella has the story .
Do you swear that the information you 're about to give is true and correct ?
Yes .
Astronaut Lisa Nowak in court for the second time today , this time charged with attempted murder .
They filed a brand-new charge , based on preposterous assumptions drawn from facts that -- that are perhaps a misdemeanor .
Murder was the plan , and it just was not able to be carried out .
Attempted murder of a romantic rival , Air Force Captain Colleen Shipman , who has been involved with this astronaut , shuttle pilot Bill Oefelein , who just flew on Discovery in November .
Police say Nowak told them she , too , was having a relationship with Oefelein , and that she wanted to confront Shipman , who works with the space shuttle program .
Knowing Shipman was flying to Orlando , Nowak took off from Houston , driving 900 miles , and wearing diapers , so she would n't have to stop .
She went to the airport and waited for Shipman to arrive on a United flight .
But Shipman had to wait a couple hours for her lost luggage .
At 3:00 a.m. , she finally made her way to catch the bus to the blue satellite parking lot .
Nowak was waiting on a bench near the taxi stand .
SERGEANT BARBARA JONES , ORLANDO , FLORIDA , POLICE DEPARTMEN
The victim got on the bus .
She did notice the arrestee , Mrs. Nowak .
At the time , she did n't know it was her , also sitting on the bench , boarding the bus .
When Colleen Shipman got off the bus , police say , so did Lisa Nowak .
After she got off the bus , Shipman told police she turned and noticed Nowak following after her .
She was frightened , she said , so she started to move more quickly to get to her car , because , she told police , she heard footsteps running towards her .
When Ms. Shipman got in the car , apparently , there was a tap on the window .
The arrestee indicated that she needed some help , that , you know , could she use a cell phone .
Somebody was supposed to pick her up , but they did n't show up .
At that point , it 's my understanding Mrs. Shipman lowered the window .
And that 's when the arrestee sprayed -- we believe it was mace .
Even though she was hit with mace , Shipman took off .
Police say they found Nowak in the parking lot , trying to get rid of a disguise .
And she had a bag , containing a brand-new steel mallet , a folding knife with a four-inch blade , and four feet of rubber tubing .
Nowak told police she had no intention of hurting Shipman ; she just wanted to talk .
