And now we want to hear from you .
What do you think about it ?
Here` s our SHOWBIZ TONIGHT question of the day : Britney , in and out of rehab , should Kevin get the kids ?
Go to CNN.com/SHOWBIZTONIGHT.
Send us an e-mail , SHOWBIZTONIGHT@CNN.com .
And remember , SHOWBIZ TONIGHT is the only entertainment news show that lets you express your opinion on video .
To send us a video e-mail , just go to our website , CNN.com/SHOWBIZTONIGHT.
Brooke , one guy who certainly knows all about rehab and is very candid about it , Danny Bonaduce , and coming up , he is pulling no punches as he gets real about what Britney needs to do .
That` s right , A.J. Plus we`re going to have the dramatic showdown in the Anna Nicole Smith case .
A lawyer asks Howard K. Stern point blank , are you the father of Dannielynne ?
We`re also going to have this .
You should join hands , join hands , because it` s only in this country that you can join hands .
We should all join hands .
Judging the judge .
The judge in the Anna Nicole Smith hearing is full of quips and quirks .
Some say his style rules .
Others object .
We`re going to take a closer look coming up .
SHOWBIZ TONIGHT for Wednesday night is coming right back .
Welcome back to SHOWBIZ TONIGHT` s continuing coverage of the Anna Nicole Smith courtroom saga .
I` m A.J. Hammer .
As we`ve been reporting , it was Anna Nicole Smith` s mother , Virgie Arthur , versus Howard K. Stern today in the battle for Anna Nicole Smith` s body .
They were back on the stand with some explosive testimony , from Virgie` s tearful words about her daughter` s drug use , to Howard K. Stern admitting he has been financially supported by Anna Nicole Smith for years now .
And late today , a dramatic confrontation .
Joining me tonight is investigative journalist Jane Velez Mitchell .
She is in Hollywood .
Ashleigh Banfield , host of Court TV` s Hollywood Heat , is joining us from Court TV` s New York studios .
Ladies , are you ready ?
Never .
Well , let` s get into this very dramatic moment that came late today .
Larry Birkhead` s attorney , Debra Opri , finally , point blank , got to ask Howard K. Stern , straight out , are you the father of Dannielynne ?
Let` s take a look at this shocking moment .
Your honor , you need to hear this .
He testified yesterday , under oath , that he was the natural father of Dannielynne , under the laws of the Bahamas .
does not recognize a biological father , and the laws in this state list the natural father as the biological father .
Mr. Stern , you can laugh at me all you want .
Are you , or are you not the biological father of Dannielynne , under the laws of this state ?
Well , that` s not what they are there for , but face to face she finally got to ask the question right to Howard K. Stern .
Ashleigh , he did n` t answer , as we saw , but when are we finally going to get this baby thing settled ?
Oh heavens , you know , probably not in this particular court , because the judge reigning himself in , even though he digresses to this issue a lot .
He reigns himself in to deal with just this issue at hand , and that is who gets to decide where Anna Nicole Smith` s dead body will be buried .
