It 's done .
It 's done .
There 's no hope for this house .
There 's no way .
And interestingly enough , back to the tie-down straps , you see the strap inside the wall underneath the aluminum ?
It goes up over the top .
This one held , but the unit still blew apart .
And you can see these ...
Those are ...
... like a foot interval , a foot and a half interval .
That 's where the roof is tied to the walls .
The ones that go over the top go up through the walls , and they should be on about five-foot centers .
OK .
So , you know , here 's one right next to one that blew apart .
Right .
And on the other side , they blew apart .
So this one stayed , but it still was destroyed , and this is 2 x 4 construction .
Which is what it 's supposed to be .
What it 's supposed to be .
All right .
But , you know , what 's amazing to me is you see the siding that 's been ripped away by the winds here .
Right .
All of the siding .
It looks like wallpaper maybe down here , chairs , cushions from some kind of seating .
It 's just heartbreaking really to see .
I mean , look , you know , all these small things ...
All the little keepsakes .
... that people think of as being their home .
So here we see a big hole where something was .
Here we see a big hole where we can see the concrete blocks that the home was mounted -- sitting on top of .
We saw on the side , that tie-down strap again that went over the top of the unit .
It broke .
The anchor appears to even be gone from over here .
Do you think this was a house , or was this a garage ?
Oh , this was a House , because I think the garage was right over here .
The car 's off the driveway into where the house was .
So it was lifted up and moved as well , just as the house was .
It was lifted up .
Yes .
This would have been the entrance right here .
This would have been the entrance .
Right here .
Here 's where you would have come through the front door right into the house .
And you can get a sense here of the size and the shape of it .
Yes .
Now , this one did have straps .
It had some anyway that we see .
We do n't see an awful lot of them .
That 's a little surprising .
So sad to see what 's going on there with people 's houses destroyed .
I have to report to you that Bill York said these tie- downs that he showed you just a second ago , while they exist in that community , they are n't necessarily up to code .
They 're too far apart .
So he had some concerns about the construction there .
But right now I want to toss it back to Atlanta .
T.J. has some breaking news you 'll definitely want to hear .
All right , Gerri .
Thank you so much .
This takes us to Iraq , where we have gotten word of a bombing , a suicide bombing that has killed 38 people in Baghdad .
Again , this was a suicide bomber , a truck driver who launched this attack .
