Plus , the jury goes back to work this morning in the Scooter Libby case .
Just who is sitting in judgment of him ?
We 'll take a look this morning at the Libby jury , straight ahead on AMERICAN MORNING.
The most news in the morning is right here on CNN.
Getting personal .
The race for president is taking an early and ugly turn between Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton .
AN olive branch for Iran .
Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice makes a surprise offer , even as Iran refuses to pull the plug on its nuclear program .
And an update on a story we told you yesterday .
The mom looking at two years in prison for throwing a McDonald 's cup full of ice at another driver .
Well , she hears the final word from the judge .
We 'll tell you what he says , straight ahead on this AMERICAN MORNING.
Welcome back , everybody .
It 's February 22nd .
I 'm Soledad O'Brien .
I 'm Miles O'Brien .
Thanks for being with us .
Here 's what 's happening this morning .
In Iraq , what could be a disturbing , new trend .
A new insurgent tactic of chemical bombs part of a new wave of attacks ?
More now from Arwa Damon in Baghdad .
Arwa , hello .
Hello , Miles .
Well , we have seen three attacks since January 28th using chlorine gas .
Now , the first of those took place in Ramadi , where a tanker carrying chlorine gas exploded outside of a hospital , killing 16 people .
Now , there were no reports of anyone being hospitalized from the aftereffects of that poisonous gas in that attack .
But , in last week alone , two other attacks , both of them involving chlorine gas , killed at least a dozen Iraqis and hospitalized over 200 of them .
The first of them taking place just north of Baghdad in Taji , where a tanker carrying chlorine gas also had a bomb hidden inside of it .
It exploded outside of a restaurant .
Twenty-four hours later , on Wednesday , a car bomb packed with explosives and with cylinders carrying chlorine gas exploded outside of a hospital .
Now , while this is perceived as being a new insurgent tactic , it is not entirely surprising .
Remember , the insurgency here is notorious for constantly changing its tactics and looking for new ways to continuously strike at the Iraqi people to further instill that sense of fear .
But the use of these industrial chemical weapons is raising a number of red flags .
These are easily available throughout Iraq -- Miles .
Arwa Damon in Baghdad .
Thank you very much .
Coming up in our 7:00 Eastern hour , we 're going to talk to Major General William Caldwell .
He 's the chief spokesman there in Baghdad .
We 'll ask him about these new insurgent tactics , choppers down , as well as the British pullout of troops .
That 's coming up , 7:00 Eastern -- Soledad .
A United Nations report on Iran 's uranium enrichment program is due out today , and it could bring more sanctions .
Iran is refusing to budge on Security Council demands that it scrap its nuclear program .
At the same time , though , Iran is calling for talks with the U.S. to settle the dispute .
