Gary in Florida wrote to us , " Why does George W. Bush consider himself a decision maker when everything he does is very divisive ?
We should call him a division maker , not a decision maker . "
And Judy in California writes , " Are n't illegal immigrations basically crying that they 're receiving cruel and inhuman treatment in this country ?
Is n't that supposedly the very reason they have left their countries ? "
And Vicki in Michigan , " I would like to start a new political party called the common sense party .
I , like many other people in the country , just ca n't take this anymore .
It 's time to realize that neither the Republicans nor the Democrats understand the real American public . "
" I 'd like to see them live on minimum wage for three months and try to pay all their bills , and provide for their families .
Then , and only then , will they know the true struggle we go through every day . "
E-mail us at loudobbs.com .
We 'll have a little more of your thoughts in the broadcast later .
And each of you whose e-mail is read here will receive a copy of Lou 's book , " War on the Middle Class . "
Coming up , President Bush 's popularity keeps dropping and dropping .
Now , does the president stand any chance of being able to push his agenda through Congress ?
We 'll have a special report .
New testimony , new questions about Scooter Libby 's defense at the CIA leak trial .
We 'll have the latest on that .
And are the United States and Saudi Arabia planning to use oil prices as a weapon against Iran ?
We 'll have a report .
Stay with us .
Now our top stories .
President Bush today warned Iran not to increase its role in the war in Iraq .
The president said the United States will take "firm action " if Iran escalates its military action .
Iraq says as many as 200 insurgents were killed in a battle , a major battle with Iraqi troops and police outside of Najaf .
It was one of the biggest battles of the entire war .
And the illegal alien lobby is blasting ICE agents for trying to arrest and deport illegal aliens .
The illegal alien movement is demanding an amnesty for every illegal alien in this country .
In other news tonight , a new plan to defend the nation 's nuclear reactors from terrorist attack .
Now , this plan says nuclear plant operators should not be expected to stop terrorists from crashing airliners into reactors .
Instead , defending reactors should be the responsibility of the government .
And that was precisely the position taken by the nuclear industry .
The plan says plant operators should focus on containing the release of radiation from any type of attack .
Critics of the plan wanted nuclear plants to have barriers to keep airplanes from hitting reactor domes .
States around the Great Lakes now being slammed by a blast of winter weather .
And Michigan officials say whiteout conditions caused a freeway pileup north of Detroit on Sunday .
There were some 20 cars and four trucks in that crash on Interstate 69 .
No one was killed , but there were numerous injuries .
And there 's more snow in the forecast .
