A conference in Phoenix , Arizona , is asking professionals to try to find solutions to the punishing schedules many families have to work these days .
Today , the generations that are working now work anywhere from 10 to 15 hours more per week than any other generation prior to them .
KATHY LINGLE , ALLIANCE FOR WORK-LIFE PROGRES
Yes , it is a difficult situation out there .
It , today , takes two people , two in the couple to make one living .
We 're expected to work 24 by 7. Technology keeps us tethered night and day .
A recent report from the Bureau of Labor Statistics has some dire information of what went on in a five-year period in this economy .
Women are taking more than half of the new jobs created .
Women are now contributing 42 to 43 percent of family income .
Their jobs are absolutely necessary to the survival of the family .
But the jobs that are available tend to often be lower-paid jobs .
And the biggest growth in the economy is among these lower-paid jobs .
The report also finds a number of industries sustained employment decreases .
Some quite severe .
One industry , where the U.S. is supposed to excel , the so-called information industry .
Internet publishing , software , and other information media -- 660,000 jobs were lost .
I really do n't think policymakers appreciate this .
If you listen to the discussion , it sounds like there are huge unmet demands in our IT sector , that employers just ca n't get enough workers .
But if you look the at employment trends , they 're pretty flat
The largest job loss , 3.3 million manufacturing jobs , high-paying jobs for middle class workers .
Now , another interesting point in this government report , employment opportunities for men were in the construction industry .
Mostly lower-paying job opportunities .
And this is an industry that 's seen considerable wage pressure from the influx of illegal alien labor that keeps wages low .
War on the middle class , it continues .
This Democratic Congress in their first six weeks has made some important strides .
It 's going to be very interesting to all of us to see what it can actually accomplish , or whether we 're going to see more politics as usual .
Kitty Pilgrim , thank you very much .
Time now for some of your thoughts .
Bobby in Georgia said , " Lou , Congress should forget about signing the petition for Bush to pardon the two Border Patrol agents and pass legislation to give Congress the authority to pardon the agents themselves .
Congress should stop playing games with non-binding resolutions and petitions and start fixing our problems . "
And Rick in Montana , " I 'm confused .
When Reagan was in office they campaigned with ' Just say no . ' Now with Bush in office , they send Border Patrol agents to prison for stopping drug smugglers .
Am I missing something ? "
I do n't think so .
And Nick in Illinois , " Lou , I thought I 'd never see the day when a drug smuggler from Mexico is granted immunity , Dog Chapman is extradited to Mexico for apprehending a serial rapist , and my government is going to sit back and allow this to happen . "
