If this leads to more caution by journalists in this promiscuous practice of promising people anonymity , that is not entirely a bad thing .
All right , we 've got to leave it there .
Thank you both very much , gentlemen .
Howard Kurtz and Brian Todd based in Washington , D.C.
Up next on INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENTS , the dangers of independent filmmaking .
We 'll discuss the experience of shooting two new documentaries with their directors .
Stay with us .
Welcome back .
Independent documentary makers face a set of unique challenges working in the field with the story they 're covering often changing in ( INAUDIBLE) .
This week , we look at two documentaries CNN will be broadcasting as part of a new series .
The first , called " The Very Thin Blue Line " focuses on the training of Iraqi police in Jordan .
The second documentary is called " The Road to Terrorism , " looking at anti terror operations in the Philippines .
I 'm joined now by the makers of those two documentaries , Wayne Harley and Thom Cooke .
Wayne Harley , you shot in the Philippines .
Why is it a story you feel needs to be told ?
It has been labeled , but now widely publicized as the second front , the war in Philippines .
And for 10 years , the international jihadists attempted , and to a certain degree succeeded , in turning the southern Philippines into the new Afghanistan of Southeast Asia .
Being a training ground where jihadists from Indonesia , local jihadists even al Qaeda , direct al Qaeda operatives and affiliates came there trained .
And as a result of the training , went off and carried out terrorist acts .
Let 's have a look at a clip in this documentary .
And I think it 's where you 're driving along at night looking for an informant .
Can you describe it ?
Tonight we are conduct surveillance against the suspected JLA member .
I was lucky enough to get in with the special operations group .
They 're operated within a place intelligence here .
And these were the frontline boys .
And we went out on a real surveillance call against ( INAUDIBLE) , when the financier , who they had had under surveillance for the last three months .
Also on the ground was an informant operating for them .
His name was Troy .
And we went out there .
And the best laid plans often go astray .
And that night was no exception .
And it just showed the brutality of this conflict .
The crowds in the street signaled something is amiss .
Who shot the guy ?
The man killed is Ledo 's ( ph ) informant , Toy , gunned down just minutes earlier .
We 'll turn to Thom .
You were filming in perhaps the more secure environment , the filming of the training of Iraqi policemen by Americans .
How would you describe your experience ?
It was secure in the sense that it was about 3,500 very ( INAUDIBLE ) police around the whole time , but you often wondered which way the guns were pointing and what the security was for , whether it was to keep the guys - to stop shooting at each other , because they 're all very bad shots , or whether it was to stop them being assassinated , as it had been quite a lot .
