So he did n` t want to be party guy anymore .
He wanted to just be a working actor who had a family .
So he found a woman who understood his need to work and be in the business , but who was also willing to settle down and have a normal life and give kids a normal life .
Another couple , been together a long time , celeb-non-celeb , Chris O` Donnell , wife Caroline Fentress .
They`ve been together almost 10 years .
They have four kids .
She` s an elementary school teacher .
So she` s totally not in the business , completely removed .
Do you - do you think they work out well because they`re not competing for fame ?
Absolutely .
That` s the hardest thing .
Because someone like Chris O` Donnell , where he` s done such huge things , yet he` s not - he` s famous , but he` s not , like , ridiculous famous .
So he` s able to keep a little bit of anonymity , and not be with somebody who` s competing against , How famous are you ?
How famous am I ? Are they after us ?
Is the paparazzi here ?
He` s able to , again , be a working actor and have a family .
Well , thank you for giving us some insight into why these celeb-non-celeb marriages work .
Cooper Lawrence , always good to see you .
Thank you .
You , too .
A.J. , Adam Sandler usually does those comedies , right ?
" Click " ; " The Waterboy " ; " The Wedding Singer . "
Ah , yes .
We do n` t see him in a lot of dramatic roles .
No, we do n`t .
But now , a role like you`ve never seen him in before .
That` s in " The SHOWBIZ Showcase . "
Oh , good .
Looking forward to that .
And , of course , you remember Michael Richards` disgusting racial rant .
Ah , how could I forget ?
How can we forget ?
Coming up , celebrities are actually leading a new effort to get rid of that awful word once and for all .
We`ve also got this :
JEN SCHEFFT , AUTHOR , " BETTER SINGLE THAN SORRY" : Being single does n` t mean being lonely .
And being single does n` t mean , you know , being 60 and having six cats .
Marriage , marriage .
Tonight , SHOWBIZ TONIGHT investigates why some of the biggest names in Hollywood are a-OK with a table for one .
A special look at stars " Unmarried in Hollywood , " next .
Welcome back to SHOWBIZ TONIGHT.
I am Brooke Anderson in Hollywood .
Now , a SHOWBIZ TONIGHT " Special Report . "
It seems like for years , women in Hollywood have thrown marriage to the curb .
Just think classic A- listers like Katharine Hepburn and Diane Keaton .
Today , we`re seeing more and more stars , like Angelina Jolie and Oprah , not walking down the aisle .
And guess what ?
It` s not just the stars who are going it alone .
New research shows that more and more women are choosing to be unmarried , too .
You can find someone to love the you you love .
Look just fabulous .
" Sex and the City "` s Carrie Bradshaw was perhaps the ultimate single woman : never giving up on finding love , but never settle for Mr. Not-So-Right , either .
But happily unmarried women do n` t just exist on television shows or among Hollywood` s single A-list .
Hey !
See you then .
