I read that last week .
And I`ve been waiting all week to ask you what it was .
I do n` t know what it is .
He said some -- he said -- and at the same time , he said , it` s not Michael Jackson going to be here .
I` m like , that really would n` t be a big deal .
I mean , unless you had him appear as they were putting him into prison .
Oh , my goodness .
That is just rude , just rude .
Oh , it` s ...
OK .
So listen really quickly .
I know a couple weeks ago you bashed me .
You brought up a really ugly picture from my first audition .
No, and if I would have had the picture of you in the hate ...
No -- so listen -- so listen .
Glenn , this is my show .
Seriously .
Would you stop talking ?
All right .
OK .
So what I pulled out of my sleeve .
Check this out .
All right .
Pay back hell .
Thursday morning at 7:15 .
Oh , my gosh .
Yes , that was about 400 pounds lighter .
You are so sexy when you`re 15 1/2 .
That` s me .
That` s me .
All right , take care .
Wait until you see what ...
Maybe next week we`ll talk about " Idol" .
Yes .
Let` s see what I pull out from you next week .
" Real Story " on oil for illegals .
You have n` t heard this one before .
Do n` t miss it .
It` s next .
All right .
Welcome to " The Real Story . "
Today we continue our " Selling Out of the Border " series with a couple of updates .
We told you last night that , last year , the Bank of America appointed a woman to their board of directors who is also the chair of the National Council of La Raza , translation , the National Council of The Race , the group that makes immigration reform one of its primary objectives .
Now , the timing of this appointment is pretty convenient , considering that the pilot program to market checking accounts and credit cards to people without Social Security numbers also happened last year .
But the real story is that the Bank of America is just the beginning for La Raza .
They have mounted successful campaigns to forge corporate partnerships with the most influential companies in America .
Some of their amigos : Allstate , Coca-Cola , Citigroup , Ford , General Motors , PepsiCo , UPS , and Wal-Mart .
Now , it is undoubtedly a very good thing for minority rights groups and corporate America to work together , but it just seems unseemly that a group with the controversial goal of advocating legal status for illegal aliens -- remember , being in this country illegally is now and always has been a crime -- is legitimizing that platform with big business backing .
I also have an update on the story of the border guards who are rotting in prison while the rest of this country wakes up to the fact that they were railroaded .
With all of the evidence that has surfaced lately , including a smoking gun memo from homeland security that was never given to the defense attorneys , our best hope to uncover the truth has been a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing that was scheduled for and by , get this , California liberal Dianne Feinstein for next week .
