You have Senator John McCain , former Mayor of New York Rudy Giuliani , and former Governor of Massachusetts Mitt Romney .
They are widely considered the three leading contenders right now in the 2008 Republican sweepstakes .
All of them support more troops .
So , among the Republicans , those who are most likely , if you will , to inherent this war from the president of the United States , they support him right now .
So -- but , among the Democrats , it will be fascinating .
They oppose sending more troops .
They can vote that way on a nonbinding resolution .
It would be fascinating to see how they vote if it really matters .
And , Bill Schneider , the president obviously believes in what he 's doing .
But is what he is doing right for the country ?
Does this nation need another epic battle right in the middle of a war that 's giving it so much trouble ?
Well , I mean , this is a battle that the president does n't want .
He does n't need it .
You 're quite right about that .
The problem with this policy is really two things .
Number one , it 's a political war we 're fighting .
Everyone seems to be saying the same thing : The only solution to this war is a political settlement .
Well , Americans do n't like political wars .
They think the military should fight military battles , battles they can win .
And , second of all , it 's a proxy war , because , if you listened to the president 's speech very carefully , he said , the success of this new strategy depends on what the Iraqi government is capable of doing , not what our own military is capable of doing .
And you know what ?
Americans do n't have a lot of confidence in the Iraqi government .
Yes , it 's certainly an open question .
Bill Schneider , Dana Bash , John King , thanks , all .
While debate continues on President Bush 's new plan for Iraq , two debates are already on tap for the 2008 presidential campaign .
You will be able to see them right here on CNN.
We are teaming up with television station WMUR and " The New Hampshire Union Leader " to bring you back-to-back debates , the Republican and Democratic candidates , in New Hampshire on the 4th and 5th of April this year , a very early start to the presidential campaign .
So , be sure to mark your calendars .
Coming up next : why the prosecutor who charged three Duke lacrosse players with rape now wants off the controversial case .
Plus : Should an Air Force staff sergeant who took it all off for " Playboy " also be allowed to serve her country ?
This is 360 .
Another dramatic twist in the Duke rape case tonight : The embattled district attorney , Mike Nifong , who is facing ethics charges that could lead to his disbarment , wants off the case .
This development comes after court records filed this week show that the accuser apparently changed her story again , and less than a month after Nifong dropped the rape charges against the lacrosse players .
For insight on what this all means for the case , let 's talk with CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin .
