And the ability to get to your daily -- to your ordinary daily needs is a great psychological liberation .
And , of course , Andres , some of us just want to drive less for lots of reasons , not the least of which is that gas has been so expensive .
These communities have an environmental benefit , too , right ?
Well , they certainly do .
And if you realize that most of the carbon loading of the atmosphere is not , you know , from buildings , and so forth , but , in fact , from -- from driving around that 's caused by cars , there 's an indirect connection between driving around and the unhealthy air and the unhealthy water .
Tell me ...
Also...
Go right ahead .
Well , these communities also are more impact .
You know , they -- things are closer to each other , and so you occupy less land , which means you pollute less water .
Fewer aquifers are damaged and so forth .
So obviously these are compact communities .
You can walk around .
What are the other elements that define New urbanism communities ?
Well , they 're compact , they 're connected .
You can get to places directly , such as from house to store or house to jobs .
They 're also -- they 're diverse .
You know , they serve people of different age groups , different incomes .
They 're commercial and retail components .
So between these three , between compactness , walkability and diversity , you have the New Urbanist community , which , by the way , is the same as smart growth .
You know , they look a lot like something from the beginning of the last century , you know , very old-fashioned in some ways .
Tell me , do you think this idea is really going to catch on in a big way ?
Certainly , there are some examples of New urbanism communities , but they 're not everywhere , not by a long shot .
Well , no , they 're not everywhere .
They 're not everywhere .
Also , they look a certain way because those communities at the turn of the century , you know , a century ago , were actually created when not everyone had automobiles .
You know , the widespread ownership of automobiles .
So there 's a sense to returning to those -- those times when cars were n't quite so widespread .
But also , they 're not like the old ones .
That 's why it 's not called the old urbanism .
It 's called the new urbanism .
And they have all the modern amenities .
For , example , if do have a car , you can park it conveniently .
Obviously they have infrastructure , they have Internet infrastructure .
They have a lot of live-work units .
A lot of people are working at home and so forth .
So , what they do is they combine the best of the old and the best of the new .
Andres Duany , thank you for taking us on a tour of new urbanism .
We appreciate it .
You 're welcome .
Still ahead , how to deal with the holiday hangover .
Not that hangover .
We 're talking about all the big bills from your gift- giving .
We have a plan to pay it all off .
That 's coming up next on OPEN HOUSE.
The holidays may be over , but holiday bills often last well into the new year .
