And this Allstate training manual obtained by CNN details how that was going to be done .
By forcing what the manual calls smaller walk away settlements .
The walk away settlement for Roxanne Martinez was a "take it or leave it offer " of $ 15,000 that came three years after her accident .
She said that would pay a little more than half of her costs .
It 's kind of hard when you 're thinking , are they going to leave me broke ?
Or you know what ?
I mean , that 's what -- that was very stressful .
But Roxanne Martinez decided that instead of taking Allstate 's offer , she would take Allstate to court .
We 'll tell you what can happen if you take an insurance company to court , next on 360 .
Before the break , we introduced you to a woman who said she was dragged through the ringer by car insurance giant Allstate .
She said that Allstate wanted her to settle for thousands of dollars less than what she was entitled to .
She refused the deal they offered her and went to court .
And that 's where she says the battle got even tougher .
Her case is not an isolated one , however .
As our reporting reveals , accident victims across the country are fighting back against the insurance companies they thought would protect them .
Once again CNN 's Drew Griffin .
When Ann Taylor 's car was rear ended ...
I woke up the next morning , I could n't move .
I had severe pain in my back .
Down both legs were numb and tingly .
The doctor diagnosed herniated disk muscle tears .
And the treatment would mean time off work , therapy and medical bills .
The person who hit her was a State Farm employee driving a State Farm car .
So Taylor thought at least financially she 'd be covered .
It added up , said Taylor , to $ 15,000 .
But after dragging out her claim , State Farm offered her only $ 2,000 .
I was just very insulted .
Taylor hired Attorney Jeff Cook and decided she would fight .
It turned into a major legal battle eventually ending up in this courtroom .
Taylor 's case is an example of how the two largest auto insurance companies , State Farm and Allstate , have changed the way they handle claims when people are hurt in minor impact crashes .
CNN 's investigation reveals a strategy to increase profits by limiting payments to accident victims .
And former insurance insiders say most of the industry has adopted the strategy .
Allstate and State Farm , the industry leaders , would not talk to CNN for this report .
But Jim Mathis , a former insurance company insider , who now testifies against the insurance business in court , did .
And he says cutting payments to people like Taylor has meant billions for the insurance companies .
It 's not based on what should be a settlement value or offer to this claim .
It is not based on ethics .
It 's based on -- it 's not based on profits .
It 's based on how much profit .
Taylor 's case finally got to court three years after her accident .
The lawyer brought in medical testimony .
To present its case , State farm just dug deep into Ann Taylor 's past .
