And U.S. policy response ?
The U.S. is concerned .
They do n't see Venezuela as a central hub yet for terrorism activities in our back yard , but they say , that it is "disconcerting and dangerous " the trend we 're seeing in Venezuela .
Christine , thank you very much .
Christine Romans .
Time now for some of your thoughts .
Sherrie in Indiana said , " We 're not in any position to complain because al-Maliki seems to have loyalties to Iran rather than his country or the United States .
After all , President Bush seems to have loyalties to Mexico rather than his country or us . "
And Robert in Florida : " For the last twenty years or so , Congress has given away their powers to the president in the name of fast-track trade authority because it was easier to let those presidents do Congress 's job than it was for them .
It 's time for Congress to do what they are elected to do and quit passing it off to someone else . "
And Dennis in Arkansas : " Lou , if you would run for president , I promise to vote for you as many times as voting machine will allows with as many different pieces of identification that I can buy . "
Thanks for the thought .
Send us your thoughts at loudobbs.com .
More of your e-mails coming up here later .
Each you receives a copy my book " War on the Middle Class " when your e-mail is read here .
The U.S. Senate today voted to raise the nation 's minimum wage for the first time in a decade .
The Senate bill also includes , however , billions of dollars in tax cuts for small business , setting up a showdown with the House , where a minimum wage hike was passed without the tax cuts , the so-called " clean bill" .
The Senate also , surprisingly to many , added an amendment that would bar companies that hire illegal immigrants from obtaining federal contracts .
The amendment , introduced by Senator Jeff Sessions .
Another grim indicator tonight for our struggling middle class : new numbers show personal savings now at lowest level in more than 70 years .
This at a time when the Bush administration says the overall economy is in great shape .
Coming up next , he 's in charge of Senator Hillary Clinton 's campaign to be president .
Terry McAuliffe is our guests .
And should members of Congress travel the country on military aircraft at taxpayer expense ?
The new speaker of the House thinks so .
We 'll tell you all about Speaker Pelosi 's plans for planes .
Stay with us .
The Democratic majority in Congress is promising to end the culture of corruption on Capitol Hill .
But it appears those very same Democrats seem determined to hang on to as many trappings of power as possible at taxpayer expense .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi apparently wants regular access to military aircraft for flights , not only for herself , but also members of her family and the Californian delegation .
Lisa Sylvester has the story .
Democrats rode into Congress on a wave of reform .
They promised to run things differently than their Republican counterparts .
This all comes back to the American people .
They have to have confidence that Congress is here to work in the people 's interest .
