All right .
So as the sun comes up , and also if you get a chance to kind of go back into that area that so far you have n't been able to get into .
Susan Roesgen by phone for us .
Thanks , Susan .
Please be careful .
I know those downed power lines obviously very , very dangerous -- Miles .
Whether is a big story this morning in all quadrants .
Chad Myers is looking at a big winter storm that is moving across the nation 's heartland and headed our way .
Hello , Chad .
Wow .
35 inches .
All right .
Thank you , Chad .
You 're welcome .
Happening this morning elsewhere , what could be a big breakthrough in those talks aimed at forcing the North Koreans to lay down their nuclear weapons .
The deal coming out of those six - nation talks in Beijing , it would send fuel oil and other aid to the north , so long as Pyongyang begins shutting down its nuclear operation .
In Lebanon a pair of bus bombings northeast of Beirut .
Details sketchy , at least three , perhaps as many as ten dead .
A dozen hurt .
It happened in a Christian province .
The second bus exploded as it stopped at the scene of the first bomb blast .
On Capitol Hill today lawmakers will debate a resolution opposing the Bush buildup of troops in Iraq .
The House will take up debate on a two-sentence war resolution in a matter of hours .
The resolution simply states Congress will keep funding troops in Iraq , but it opposes accepting more troops in .
And Attorney General Alberto Gonzales travels to New Orleans today .
He is expected to announce more money is coming to the city in the form of federal grants to help fight crime .
No word on whether he will visit those areas hit by those tornadoes -- Soledad .
Police this morning are trying to figure out just who it was who walked into a mall and started shooting and why .
It happened in the downtown Salt Lake City .
Six people are now dead , including the gunman , who witnesses described as wearing a long coat and carrying a shotgun .
Witnesses say he was shooting shoppers , and they were desperately diving for cover .
And we were sitting by the window , and all of a sudden we heard -- you know , it sounded like a car backfiring , and then there was one and two and three , and we looked out the window , and we went , oh , that 's a gunshot .
I could see he had a gun .
He had a long coat on , thick coat on .
He was pumping and shooting rounds before he went in the building .
Then he went into the building underneath us , and we heard shots inside of the building .
Four other people were shot .
An off duty police officer finally returned fire , and it is he , reportedly , who killed the gunman .
Another shootout to tell you , as well , last night .
This one in Philadelphia .
It happened during a business meeting at an office complex in the Philadelphia Navy Yard .
Three people were killed there .
A fourth person is reported in critical condition .
The gunman shot himself after a shootout with police .
And police believe the fight all started with some kind of altercation over money .
