I want you to definitely go visit a Fisher House , Wynnona .
I would be glad to do that .
You 'll get a new appreciation for the work that Ken and his father and this foundation does .
Absolutely .
thanks , Wynnona .
Love you .
Good seeing you .
Wynonna Judd .
Love you , too .
Ken , how much did the foundation start -- when you started 17 years ago , how much did you start with ?
Well , Larry , 17 years ago , this foundation was started by Zack .
And Zack used to build these houses with the money out of his own pocket .
It was n't until the need became great that the foundation was formed .
But Zack essentially did this by himself .
How much money do you raise every year ?
That 's tough to say .
We 've had some good years but only by virtue of the fact that , you know , we 've got this action going on and the need has increased so much .
Coming up next , Fisher House is n't just for spouses and kids of our injured troops .
In our next segment , a mom who is reaping the benefits of the foundation .
Stick around .
The beauty part of the house is , is that the families will sit together .
They will eat together .
It has become a support network in this house , so that it is not just families having a place to sleep.
It is getting together and supporting each other , helping each other through bad days , sharing the joy on good days .
That is the beauty part of the house .
I think it is a nice , open environment for the families .
It does n't feel like you 're in this institution .
You feel like you 're just part of the , you know , part of the community .
I like it here .
I have met a lot of people .
They gave me my options -- what do you want to do ? -- and I told them I 'd rather be closer to family .
This is where we grew up .
How long you two married ?
Going on three years .
So you got married before he went to Iraq , right ?
Oh ...
Oh , yeah .
... this is his third tour , so yes .
Are you happy about his going ?
Not happy about it , but I married into it , so...
She knew what she was getting into before she married me .
I waited two years after he was in the military .
How were you wounded ?
I got hit by an I.E.D.
What was the injury ?
I shattered my heel in multiple places , and multiple fractures in my foot , and tore a lot of ligaments and tendons and stuff .
That 's about it .
Going to rebuild your leg ?
In about a week .
Will you be able to walk again ?
ZAH
Hopefully , yes .
Was it painful ?
Yes .
You know , there are some people who go into shock and they do n't experience any pain .
Yes , well , I did n't feel nothing for the first 15 , 20 minutes , but after that , yes .
He walked on it .
It got pretty painful .
Why do you want to stay ?
