CARTER-LON
Well , that` s a very important question .
It` s no surprise to me that the American Association on Intellectual and Developmental Disabilities has written a formal response denouncing Ashley` s treatment .
I think we really need to keep in mind here that there was no necessity for these experiments being done to this child .
There was no necessity .
All of her organs were functioning ; her tissues were functioning .
And so , by doing these experiments , by basically manipulating this child or in somehow scarring her in this way , I do n` t see how anybody can say that she is having any benefit whatsoever .
So I think we need to keep that to the heart of the issue .
The bottom line here has to be our prejudices about disability , our unfamiliarity with disability .
If we do n` t come in contact with people with real disabilities in our lives , then we assume that their quality of life is going to be less .
That` s easy to do when you`re sitting in a room somewhere in Seattle pontificating about this , but they have disrupted this child` s life and irreparably altered it .
And I think that those issues deserve serious discussion , such as we`re doing here today .
And I ca n` t help but think -- if I think about it , Bethany Marshall , it` s almost too much for us to comprehend .
But if I had to make that choice , what would my choice be ?
Would I want a hysterectomy at age 6 ? Would I want to have all my breast tissue removed ?
Would I want to have internal organs removed , my growth stunted ?
I would think no , Bethany .
Well , I mean , I think what you`re really pointing out is that Ashley did n` t get to make her own decision .
And in these kinds of debates , we have to remember that we have to be an advocate for those who cannot advocate for themselves , and those are children and people with disabilities .
The parents can advocate for themselves , right , but the child cannot .
And you keep mentioning pillow angel .
You know , I wonder about the parents` unconscious motivations .
It` s easier to love a child with a baby` s mind in a baby` s body , but if they might feel that it` s more difficult to love a being that has a child` s mind and an adult` s body .
And I hope they got some psychological screening before doing this for personality disorders or other motivations , because that really concerns me in this case .
And I would like to point out to our viewers that the photos we`re showing you of Ashley are from their parents` blog .
And that is at www.ashleytreatment .spaces .live .com .
In fact , Jean Casarez , is n` t it true this child , this treatment was part of a study , and then that was published , and still the child remained anonymous until the family started this blog ?
That` s right , and it did hit a medical journal , I think , in the last year , and that` s when it went coast to coast , people shocked at what actually was happening .
You mentioned something at the beginning of the show that was interesting , I thought , that possibly to stunt the height and the weight was one thing , because of dosage of estrogen , but to take away the uterus and then also the breast tissue was even a separate issue .
