Well , unfortunately , Glenn , this is what the State Department has been doing for the past at least since 1997 when Khateimi ( ph ) took office , remember , the so-called moderate president .
Right .
The State Department was trying to reach out to the Iranian regime , thinking that this way , by sacrificing the main Iranian opposition , they can , you know , modify the behavior of the Iranian regime .
They included the main opposition , known as the Majii Nahal ( ph ) on terrorist list in 1997 .
And then it further emboldened the Iranian regime .
This is the same opposition that exposed all the major nuclear sites of Iran .
And in 2003 , there were major efforts by the Iranian regime to get the United States to get the forces of the war ( ph ) based in Iraq north of Baghdad , to turn them over to Iranian regime in exchange for Iran` s , you know , passive actions in Iraq .
You know , that clearly is going to backfire if it` s ever considered .
Right now the U.S. military is building a very , very good relationship with this opposition in Iraq .
There are many people in the Congress from both sides of the aisle who were saying we`ve got to end the designation , the terrorist designation that the State Department put on this group in 1997 , because the Iranian regime is making threats that are real .
We need to reach out to the Iranian people and to the main opposition to strengthen it not hindering them .
We have got to reach out to the people .
War is not the answer .
Alireza , thank you very much .
Back in a minute with " The Real Story " .
All right .
Welcome to " The Real Story . "
We`re continuing our " Selling Out of the Border " series today with an update on Bank of America` s pilot program offering credit cards to people who just happen to be lacking Social Security numbers .
I promised you all week that we would n` t stop talking about this story until Bank of America responded to the fact that this program caters to illegal immigrants .
And now they have .
In today` s " Wall Street Journal , " Bank of America CEO Kenneth D. Lewis says there` s been a harsh reaction to their program and that they are , quote , "feeling that passion that surrounds America` s unresolved immigration debate . "
Oh , Kenneth , you have absolutely no idea .
Now , I`d love to dissect every line of this unbelievably arrogant response for you , but I only have an hour .
So let me sum it up here .
He starts by saying that the program is n` t meant for illegals at all .
Illegals , what , from Mexico ?
Who knew ?
But a few paragraphs later , he drops the bombshell .
Quote , " Reports have stated , in some cases , illegal immigrants are able to sign up for the bank` s products and services , and these reports are true . "
Well , is n` t that refreshingly honest ?
He goes on to say that the U.S. Patriot Act allows them to accept official foreign government IDs and they ca n` t help it if some illegal immigrants may use those , as well .
