I do n` t believe that people -- shut up .
I ca n` t believe that people have n` t showed up and said , you know , like gone over the deep end .
You know what I` m saying ?
Because this is their dream .
I know .
And the thing is their family and their friends , even some of the people who , like , you know , should n` t be singing , their family and their friends really support them .
I know .
So when you have all the support behind you , and then all of a sudden , your dreams are crushed , these people are human .
It` s -- right .
And that` s something that everybody needs to remember .
And I know that if I was in that room , sometimes it would be hard to laugh .
But you`ve kind of just got to hold back and you`ve got to just , you know , realize that these people are human and they have lives to go back to after this .
And speaking of that , you are a human and you`re a fine looking human .
But I just -- and darn it , I only have 30 seconds to show it .
I mean , a listener brought in a photo of you .
Send it to me right away .
OK .
Actually , believe it or not , I had my people do some searching , as well .
Really ?
Took bad we`re out of time .
And , ladies , I was wondering if you could pull up that really hideous picture I found of him back in the day .
All out of time .
No, all out of time .
Too bad .
It was a picture of you yesterday .
We`ll see you later .
Why have Glenn read your e-mail when you can tell him yourself ?
Listen , you simplistic ( expletive deleted ) .
Glenn Beck video mail .
Turn on your camera and say it like you mean it .
All right .
Welcome to " The Real Story . "
Now , in case this is the first time you`ve watched this program , this is the part of the show where I try to show you why the conventional media and , as a byproduct of that , the conventional wisdom is so often wrong or , at a minimum , extremely slanted .
That` s why , virtually every night , someplace in the program I`ll give you a disclaimer that , you know , basically is , " I` m a conservative ; I` m not a journalist . "
This show is slanted .
If you`re still interested now in what I have to say , well , God bless you .
But understand that these are the rantings of a guy with an opinion .
I` m not a reporter .
Unfortunately , " The Real Story " is that , once again , the major mainstream media sources have not been quite as honest with you .
I`ll explain exactly what I mean in a second .
But , first , I want you to listen to a few quotes that someone in the media has made over the years .
On the subject of President Bush and 9/11 , quote , " So let me get this straight .
The Bush team failed to predict the events of September 11th .
Score one for bin Laden , " end quote .
On the war in Iraq , quote , " I ca n` t help but feel cynical about the fact that we`re going to war to enhance the economic interests of the Enron class , " end quote .
