They did n't even get into thinking in that direction .
All they could think about was that this is their grandson that they love , this is their nephew that they love .
And to have these kinds of details reported in the media in front of the nation , as opposed to given to the family in private , is -- it 's unbelievably painful .
By the way , we mentioned it earlier .
What are they waiting for from the state ?
What kind of remains are they waiting for , the family ?
The tests are still being done on the remains , and when everything is completed , they will be released to the family , for both Laci and Conner .
But they , at this point , do n't know when that will be .
Chris Pixley , as a defense attorney , what was your reaction to what was learned today ?
Well , I think , Larry , at this point in time , the prosecution may not only have to prove that Scott Peterson is a murderer , they may have to prove that he 's a sociopath .
I know that Dr. Wecht is one of the foremost experts in this area , but the idea that a knotted bit of tape wrapped around the neck is something that was picked up in the wash , the idea that this slice through the right shoulder and into the right lung is something that just happened while the body was floating around in the water , I think , from a defense standpoint and for a juror , is difficult to believe .
Dr.
Wecht , can we draw anything from the implication that the baby 's remains were apparently more intact than the mother 's ?
Yes , Larry .
I was going to comment on that , if I could , and also on this business of strangulation , and also on the report itself , if I may .
Sure .
Go ahead .
Oh .
We 're on the air now ?
KIN
Yes , we 're on .
Oh , I 'm sorry .
First of all , I would ...
I 'm work quick .
... say with regard to the report , the report that I have looks to me to be complete .
So I do n't know what they 're talking about insofar as the release of more of the report .
With regard to the strangulation ...
Wait a minute .
You have the report ?
Yes .
I have a copy of the one-sheet report that was sent to ...
Oh , the one sheet report .
OK .
Go ahead .
With regard to strangulation , once the baby is detached from the mother 's placenta , you do n't have to strangle .
The baby is dead .
The baby 's going to die -- the fetus is going to die in a matter of a couple minutes .
And with regard to the condition of the baby , this to me remains a major point .
I said seven weeks ago , and I remain with that thought , that this baby , small body mass , could not have been floating free in that water for these three-and-a-half months and have remained intact to the point that it was .
The sex was immediately determined , I think even by a non-physician when the baby was discovered on a Sunday night .
If that baby had been lying out for all that time , the external genitalia would have sloughed off , would have been decomposed .
