Upstate New York may have broken a record after an astounding nine days of snow .
The village of Redfield is buried under what is said to be 12 feet two inches of snow .
If that 's verified , it would be a New York State record .
The old record , 10 feet 7 inches that fell in a week in nearby Montague five years ago .
Another winter storm , by the way , is forecast for the area by midweek , which could bring another foot of snow .
Attorneys for Lewis " Scooter " Libby today opened their case .
They called two of the nation 's best-known journalists to the stand .
They 're trying to prove that the name of a CIA operative was leaked by more than one source .
Brian Todd joins us now from Washington .
He has the latest -- Brian .
Lou , indeed , a very dramatic day as the defense opened its case .
As you mentioned , the defense trying to lay out a strategy , saying that there were journalists in this town who knew that administration critic Joe Wilson 's wife worked for the CIA and they did not get that information from the defendant , Lewis " Scooter " Libby .
The most dramatic testimony coming from Bob Woodward , the Pulitzer Prize winning reporter for the " Washington Post " testified about his conversation with the man now identified as the leaker in this case .
Then deputy secretary of state , Richard Armitage .
The conversation that Woodward testified about was on June 13 , 2003 , where he was talking with Richard Armitage about Joe Wilson 's trip to Niger and Woodward saying that this is when he first learned that Joe Wilson 's wife worked for the CIA .
This audiotape was played in court today .
Have a listen .
BOB WOODWARD , "WASHINGTON POST" : It was Joe Wilson who was sent by the agency .
I mean , that 's just ...
His wife works in the agency .
Thy does n't that come out ?
Why does ...
Everyone knows it .
... that have to be a big secret .
Everyone knows .
Yes .
And I know ( expletive deleted ) Joe Wilson 's been calling everybody .
He 's pissed off because he was designated as a low-level guy , went out to look at it , so he 's all pissed off .
But why would they send him ?
Because his wife 's a ( expletive deleted ) analyst at the agency .
Also today we heard from two sources to acknowledge this case that the current White House political adviser , Karl Rove , is not expected to testify in this case .
Still not clear whether Scooter Libby himself will take the stand .
An attorney for all Mr. Libby said they have not made a decision as to whether he will testify in his own defense .
They may not decide that until near the end of this case -- Lou .
Brian , this is at best , a peculiar case .
The idea that they know exactly who leaked the name of Valerie Plame , that there was no effort on the part of Scooter Libby to disguise that anyway .
It 's unclear whether he knew that Armitage even knew the name .
Yet this prosecution is going ahead on the basis of obstruction of justice and lying to a grand jury .
What is the thinking among attorneys there in that highly politically-charged town about the sense and the proportion of this -- this trial ?
