And I 'm afraid that has not been a successful project so far .
All right , very quickly , General Grange , if you could , bumping up the number of troops in Afghanistan , is that going to stretch the military really thin now ?
It 's already stretched .
That 's the biggest problem for the long-term health of the -- of our armed forces is that the military is really too small to take on these global tasks .
All right .
Just when things in Iraq are going downhill , they start going downhill in Afghanistan , as well , demanding more and more blood and treasure from the U.S.
Steve Coll from " The New Yorker , " thanks very much .
As well to you , General Grange , for hanging around .
Appreciate it .
Coming up , the political debate over Iraq -- our War of Words segment .
But first , some of the fallen in this week at war .
Well , is Congressional debate on non-binding issues this week the beginning of more concrete action to reign in the Iraq War ?
And another administration intelligence foul-up , this time on Iran .
Does anyone believe them anymore ?
Joining me in our War of Words segment , White House correspondent Suzanne Malveaux .
She 's at her post .
And John Harris , the editor-in-chief of the politico.com
is here in the studio .
On Wednesday , President Bush laid out his concerns about the recent Iraq debates on Capitol Hill .
My hope , however , is that this non-binding resolution does n't try to turn into a binding policy that prevents our troops from doing that which I have asked them to do .
So , John , are his concerns legitimate ?
Is there a chance that this could be the start of something that 's got a lot more teeth in it ?
They are totally legitimate .
A lot of people look at a non-binding resolution and say hey , why does n't Congress use the power it has ?
But I think this is much more than symbolic .
You have Republicans distancing themselves from the president 's policy .
That is just the first step down a road which is -- might see Congress actually using its power to genuinely limit the administration 's options .
John Murtha talking about restrictions on how the president could use U.S. forces .
Joe Biden talking about repealing the 2002 authorization to go to war in Iraq ...
That 's exactly ...
These are just a couple of the things ...
Now , they could turn it off tomorrow like a spigot by cutting off the funding , but they do n't want to do that .
That would lead to the accusation that they 're abandoning troops in the field , not giving them the resources they need to fight .
What Murtha , who has got a lot of clout because he 's on the Appropriations Committee , is trying to do is say look , you have to -- you ca n't send those troops because he 's going to put so many restrictions that it 's not going to be possible for the administration to send new troops in .
But not turn off the money for troops that are there .
All right , Suzanne , just at almost exactly the same time that the president was expressing his concerns about what might happen in Congress , a lot of Republicans were up on the House floor criticizing his plans for a troop surge .
