Well , if you own or are in the market to own a home , we have some answers for you .
Two words , actually .
One is Zillow and the other is Zestimate .
Zillo.com is a relatively new Web site that 's trying to do for real estate what Expedia did for travel .
In fact , the same men are behind both Web sites .
And what they 've done , they 've developed a new way to find your home 's value .
They use public data to figure it out .
Now , here is the Web site here .
It 's going to be a new thing , a cool thing .
We 're going to check out a home actually here in Seattle .
You can type in any address and you get a Zestimate of what the house is worth .
Now , this thing , they have got some kinks in it right now .
Not sure how it 's going to work out .
But , for example , we 've got this house here in Seattle .
It 's in the $ 3.4 million range , like in the Betty Nguyen range , you know ?
But actually , on zillow.com ,
you see the info and some other information and you find the zestimate .
They say it 's actually worth about $ 1.1 million .
So some kinks to work out .
Why the huge discrepancies ?
We 're going to be talking about that .
You can also check out , I do n't know , your ex-wife 's house , maybe the house she took from you , see what it 's worth these days .
T.J.
Or you can check out celebrities homes as well .
Brad -- and I think we 've got Brad and Angelina 's home in here somewhere .
But you can check out celebrity houses and see what they 're worth as well .
But Zillow is creating a lot of buzz right now .
It 's on the cover of this week 's " Fortune " magazine .
And tomorrow we will talk with the creators of Zillow about why they think their Web site will level the playing field between buyers and sellers .
Yes .
You may want to stay away from that ex-wife 's house , just to stay out of a little bit of trouble .
But also coming up this weekend , I 'm going to speak with a remarkable teenager about his mission to end modern-day slavery .
And learn how to get a financial life from author and actor , also former White House insider , Ben Stein .
So , as always , very busy weekend here .
We do n't have a choice but to not miss it .
We hope you wo n't miss it either .
So please , join us tomorrow morning at 7:00 Eastern .
Be there , Miles .
We zestimate it will be excellent .
Thank you very much , guys .
We 'll see you .
It 's the video everyone 's talking about .
We showed it to you right here on CNN.
A tandem semi-truck trailer crashing into a police cruiser , captured on the cruiser 's dashboard cam .
Everyone walked away from this .
Everyone walked away .
And we 're still amazed by what some of them told us a few moments ago .
I had seen the police officer 's car on the left-hand side , and as soon as I had seen it , I tried to get over in the other lane to pass up the police cruiser .
I pressed on my brake , and I lost control of my car .
