Hello , Keith .
Yes , you put it well there , Miles .
Right now in Chicago if you look at my thermometer here , it 's hovering right around zero .
That 's a little bit warmer than it was about an hour ago , Miles .
But the wind-chill makes it feel like 10 below .
And take a look over to my side here as we look at the Chicago River .
It is frozen for good reason .
And the conditions here are extremely dangerous for Chicago area residents .
We have had in the past few days at least three deaths reported .
There were perhaps 13 people who have died as a result of the cold weather this season so far .
So we are being told to bundle up for good reason , because if you do n't , Miles , the danger of hypothermia or frostbite is very real .
Back to you .
All right , Keith .
Please stay -- I can see you are bundled up , but stay as warm as you can out there .
Back to the truck now .
At 6:45 Eastern Time , about 15 minutes from now , severe weather expert Chad Myers will tell us how much longer it all could last -- Alina .
All right .
A new crisis for Iraq 's leaders .
It turns out one of the members of Iraq 's parliament is a convicted terrorist .
CNN 's Michael Ware first broke the story .
He joins us now live from Baghdad .
Michael , who is he and what is he accused of ?
Well , Miles , this member of parliament 's name is Jamal Jafaar Mohammed , although he goes by many names .
This man was convicted in Kuwait in 1984 for blowing up a U.S. embassy , no less .
U.S. military intelligence also links him to the hijack of at least one Kuwaiti airliner back in the '80s in a bid to free other members of the car bombing or embassy bombing plot .
American military intelligence also links him to one attempted assassination on a Kuwaiti prince .
Now , this fellow later went on to become the commander of an Iraqi element of the Iranian armed forces , a position he left just shortly before the invasion when he returned to covert operations .
U.S. military intelligence now says that under the cover of parliamentary privilege , with the immunity from prosecution that that gives him , he is now a conduit for Iranian special forces as they run weapons and political influence in and out of Iraq .
It says that he is a part of assisting Shia insurgents to this day -- Miles .
O'BRIE
Wow .
That 's amazing .
Now , the prime minister , Nuri al-Maliki , what can he do about it , and what does this mean about the effectiveness of his government at this point ?
Well , it says many things .
The first thing is , there 's little Maliki can actually do .
Maliki says this is now a parliamentary issue .
He has called upon the U.S. to now present its large body of information to the Iraqi parliament and let them decide .
It 's only the parliament that can lift the immunity .
But the question is , how did this name end up there in the first place ?
