Good morning , John and Soledad .
It 's definitely something we 've talked about a lot .
What 's going on with Daimler , as far as their Chrysler unit ?
Well , " The Wall Street Journal " is reporting that they 're looking at perhaps spinning off their Chrysler unit or perhaps selling it , saying they 've gotten interest about it from around the world .
They want to help cut costs at Chrysler , and , also , expand their international markets there .
Let 's move on and see what 's happening .
GM has come out and actually said that they may be in preliminary talks .
Actually , I should say that this is speculative at this point -- that they 're in preliminary talks to buy Chrysler .
A straight takeover could be risky since both companies are in the midst of trying to get their businesses back in the black and get stronger there .
But one last thing that we should note .
Hyundai , did come out , and after a British report saying they were interested in buying this unit from DaimlerChrysler , they 're saying , nope .
We already have too much on our hands at this point .
We are not interested , and just do n't even think about us when it comes to that , Soledad .
That 's not a good way to go .
All right , thank you very much .
Appreciate it , Stephanie .
Well , in uniform he is Troop Commander Wales , to the rest of the world , of course , he 's Prince Harry , third in line to the throne , and now reportedly ready to ship out to Iraq .
CNN 's Paula Hancocks is live right in front of Buckingham Palace for us this morning with some late word from London .
Good morning , Paula .
Hello , Soledad .
Well , Prince Harry has always said he wants to be treated like one of the boys , that he is training for Iraq , he wants to be able to see active duty in Iraq .
Of course , he is not one of the boys .
He is a prince .
He is third in line to the throne , and so the fact that he may be going to serve in Iraq is causing a security nightmare .
This is Prince Harry , aged eight , inspecting the troops with his mother , the late Princess Diana and clearly enjoying playing soldier .
And 14 years later , Troop Leader Wales , third in line to the British throne , has trained for service in Iraq , and it looks as though he may be going .
Military sources tell CNN that at this moment Prince Harry is expected to head for active duty in Iraq in April or May , but that could still change .
No public confirmation from military or royal officials .
Incoming !
This footage shows what life in Basra can be like .
These British soldiers taking cover from a mortar attack .
Take cover !
And 101 British soldiers have been killed in action in Iraq since March 2003 .
But Harry has long insisted he wants to see action to fulfill his role as an officer .
Even reportedly threatening to resign if is he stop from deploying for security reasons .
PRINCE HARRY , TROOP LEADER WALE
