Let` s start with the doom , and there` s lots of it : 61 percent of the people think that it is somewhat or very likely that the U.S. will be hit by a terrorist attack this year .
And 64 percent of us think that terrorists will attack somewhere in the world with nuclear or biological weapons before 2008 .
Ninety-three percent believe that gas prices will go up -- uh , you think so ? -- and 74 percent think global warming will get worse .
OK , pretty gloomy , right ?
But here` s one question that did n` t make the headlines .
Researchers asked people what the likelihood of a cure for cancer being found this year .
What` s the likelihood of that ?
I do n` t know , 2 percent , 3 percent ?
No.
Good news , everybody .
According to your fellow Americans , there is a 35 percent chance that a couple of pills will cure your brain cancer by this time next year .
Unfortunately , not going to be able to really celebrate for very long , because the public also thinks the odds are 50-50 that the bird flu hits the U.S. this year .
Easy come , easy go , I guess .
And my favorite prediction of all from the polls is this one : one in four Americans , a full 25 percent , believe that it is somewhat or very likely that Jesus Christ himself will return to Earth this year , 25 percent .
Now , this is just a guess -- it was n` t in the poll -- but I` m betting that close to 100 percent of those people watch this program .
Next , believe it or not , a lot of really important things , aside from all those people that died , happened over the holiday while we were n` t paying attention .
But the real story tonight is that some of those things happened specifically because we were n` t paying attention .
So let me catch you up on the important ones .
First , Iran surprisingly did n` t take any time off for Hanukkah .
Made lots of news .
It all started with the U.S. catching -- try this on for size -- the elite Iranian Revolutionary Guard troops in Iraq , finding smoking-gun evidence that they`ve been involved in the attack on coalition troops and Iraqi citizens .
Oh , it` s just a little act of war by a foreign country .
Who cares ?
It` s Christmas .
More turkey ?
Then , the U.N. Security Council , which has stalled on sanctions against Iran for months , waited until two days before Christmas to finally pass sanctions .
President Tom responded by first writing a secret letter to the Pope , then by saying the U.S. is a nobody who will soon be humiliated by Iran .
Oh , oh , and , then , President Tom` s adviser publicly declared that Hitler -- try this on for size -- Hitler was actually a Jew whose true intention was to establish a Jewish state .
Wait .
Do n` t laugh .
Think about that for a second .
Now you can laugh .
Then , just a few days before Christmas , rape charges were finally dropped in the Duke lacrosse team case .
The prosecutor probably waited until Christmas to announce it , because he hoped that people would n` t be paying any attention to it .
Unfortunately for him , at least one group of people was paying attention : the North Carolina Bar .
Now he` s facing ethics charges and possible disbarment .
Good .
