So , success is crucial before the U.S. can pull out in any meaningful way ?
That 's my view .
And that view , by the way , is held by the majority of experts that I know about the region .
Now , if you want to pull out and set a date , one week , five months , six months , what -- whatever it is , then , I think you have the obligation to say what happens when we leave .
We hear all the talk about leaving .
But I never hear about in those that espouse that position -- and I respect it .
But I would respect it more if they said , and , then , what is going to -- what is going to happen .
Everything going to be quiet and peaceful ?
I do n't think so .
And I think that -- again , that our national interests , our vital national security interests , reside in the Middle East , certainly , at this time .
Senator Clinton is proposing , as are several others , Barack Obama , a cap of troops .
She wants the cap -- the troop levels of January 1 .
I think Barack Obama is talking about January 10 .
Does that make any sense to you ?
First of all , I do n't -- I think I 'm fairly well versed in military matters and tactics and strategy .
I 've been involved in it literally all my life in one way or another .
But I ca n't tell you how many troops exactly are needed .
I think it 's pretty clear the number of troops we have is n't getting the job done .
I think there 's almost universal acceptance of that .
So you put a cap on it so that the status quo remains , which is a steadily deteriorating situation ?
Again , intelligence sources tell me , by the way , public not classified , that if the present situation continues , within six months you would see absolute chaos in Iraq .
So you put the cap on the number of troops ?
There 's a certain lack of logic associated with that position .
But I respect it .
And I think we need to have a respectful dialogue and debate on this issue .
Vice President Cheney told Wolf Blitzer last week that there had been enormous successes in Iraq .
Is that your belief ?
No.
No, it 's not .
I think we 've had a failed strategy which I bitterly disagreed with for more than three years , because we did n't control the looting , stop the looting , have enough troops .
But all of the things that have been well chronicled in books like " Fiasco " and " Cobra 2" and others .
Had there been some success that you do n't have a dictator who likes to drop napalm on villages , who complains about a shortage of mustard gas or sarin to kill his own people , whose deputy just testified this week that he was involved in the murdering of thousands and thousands of people .
Of course , we were successful as compared to that .
But as far as bringing about the objectives of the initial military strike is concerned , then the -- I cannot say that .
