Very bizarre .
And no details on how they got that wrong .
Yes .
Turning to Iraq now , the U.S. military reports another American soldier has been killed southwest of Baghdad .
It happened on Monday when a roadside bomb exploded near his patrol .
It brings the U.S. death in Iraq now to 3,003 since the war began .
CNN 's Barbara Starr breaks down the numbers from the Pentagon .
In Montrose , Pennsylvania , the grave of 27-year-old Army staff sergeant Daniel Arnold , just one of the now more than 3,000 Americans who have lost their lives in the Iraq war .
Arnold was killed months ago in Ramadi when his vehicle came under fire .
His father is still grief - stricken .
These boys go over there because they want to , not because they have to , and do their job .
And it 's just so terrible , the loss of life over there .
Who are the 3,000 who have died ?
Every state in the country has held funerals .
California has lost the most , nearly 300.
The Army , which has the most troops on the front line , has lost more than 1,200 .
The Marine Corps , more than 600 .
It 's a far cry from generations past .
More than 400,000 troops died in World War II , more than 36,000 in the Korean War and more that 58,000 in Vietnam .
In the first Gulf War , 382 died .
It is still the improvised explosive device that is the number one threat .
More than 1,000 have been killed , more than 11,000 injured by IEDs .
In its fourth annual survey , " The Military Times " newspaper , which is privately owned but widely read by military audiences , found that 42 percent of the troops disapprove of the way the president was handling the war .
Just 35 percent registered their approval .
But " The Military Times " acknowledges this is not representative of the military as a whole .
Barbara Starr , CNN, the Pentagon .
New research showing soldiers who suffer from Post- Traumatic Stress Disorder are more likely to have heart attacks .
Researchers looked at 2,000 veterans from World War II and the Korean War .
The GIs who exhibited of Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder had a much greater risk for heart disease later in life .
The study appears in the archives of " General Psychology " -- Soledad .
This morning investigators in Thailand are trying to figure out who 's responsible for that series of deadly New Year 's Eve explosions that rocked downtown Bangkok .
CNN 's Dan Rivers is live in Bangkok for us with the very latest .
Dan , good morning .
Good morning to you , Soledad .
Yes , people here really still shocked and totally appalled by those eight bomb blasts that , as you say , rocked Bangkok on New Year 's Eve .
It left three people dead and some 30 injured , including several foreign tourists .
The country now is really on a very new nervous security footing as people are trying to work out who carried out those bomb blasts and why .
Downtown Bangkok , bustling on New Year 's Eve , but suddenly explosions sent people fleeing in terror .
A night of celebration ending in shock and bloodshed .
An intensive investigation initially looked to links for Islamist insurgents who 've been active on Thailand 's southern border , but that theory 's been quickly discounted .
