Well , you know , it 's hard to say unless you 're right on the ground , because what they do is what they call a troop to task assessment .
What are the requirements , the tasks , and then how many troops , how much equipment of American , of Iraq , whatever the case may be , that 's needed to perform that mission properly with some reinforcement in case something unknown at the time happens that you can respond to .
So I do n't know if it 's the right number , but the number that 's there right now is just not getting it and if you take too much out of the rest of the country , let 's say , to handle Anbar Province or handle Baghdad , you in fact put the rest of the country at risk .
So I think at least 20,000 is the right number .
And what would they do ?
More of the same ?
Or is it clear that there need to be specific tasks assigned to the incoming ?
I think the big issue is to provide security for the population .
If the population is not secure , they 're going to be loyal to whoever can provide that security .
And right now in many parts of Baghdad , as an example , it 's the militias that are not loyal to the government .
In Anbar Province , in many cases it 's the insurgents , it 's the influence of al Qaeda .
And so the main reason is to secure the population so you have a rule of law , you can start -- the market economy can get going .
People can get back to school , get to their jobs , to have some type of level of quality of life , which is nonexistent right now except for small pockets which are supported by the militia .
What would you expect the insurgents to do while all these new forces are showing up ?
Leave time ?
Sit it out ?
Well , I think they 'll try to counter in any way they can .
If you notice , a lot of the current rift between the different factions came from some well thought out on the enemy side attacks on religious sites , as an example , to incite Shiites against Sunnis , Sunnis against Shiites , as an example .
And so they know if they can cause unrest they can have the people fight amongst themselves and it makes the security task much more difficult .
And what happens is , like Americans , for example , get caught in the middle of different factions that are fighting , and so it makes it very uncomfortable for us , our participation .
And so I think you 'll see more incitement pushed by insurgent groups as well as influenced from Iran , proxies of Iran and Syria , with the different militias or different insurgent entities .
If that 's the case , in a city of 6 million people that has seen so much violence over the last few months , so much violence over the last few days , 20,000 , 30,000 men , it does n't seem like enough to really make a difference .
Well , it will make a difference , but it may not be enough .
I think you 've got a good pint there .
And it 's key to where you put them in Baghdad , obviously .
Not all of Baghdad is a mess .
A big piece of it is .
And you may -- and you 're going to be , again , using Iraqi forces , those that hopefully are loyal to the government .
But it will make a little bit of a difference , no doubt about it , in how you go about it .
