Each of you whose e-mail is read here receives a copy of my book , " War on the Middle Class . "
And for more on my thoughts about what is happening with the struggling middle class in this country and the battle for the soul of the Democratic Party , you can read my commentary today on cnn.com and loudobbs.com .
Coming up next here , are parental rights in jeopardy ?
A rising backlash against mandatory STD vaccinations for sixth grade girls .
And our special report , " The War Within , " the detrimental effects , the dangerous effects of marijuana .
Researchers now say marijuana may cause long-term brain damage and cancer .
That special report and an interview upcoming .
And America 's fixation with celebrities who spiral out of control .
What is the fascination ?
And why is the media exploiting celebrities abusing substance and alcohol without comment ?
Stay with us .
We 'll have comment .
Marijuana is the most commonly used illegal drug in this country .
But in ten states it 's legal for medical purposes and another ten may soon follow suit .
Political maneuvering has intensified the debate over medical marijuana and the growing evidence about its detrimental and dangerous effects .
Bill Tucker reports .
Forty percent of Americans over the age of 12 have tried marijuana , according to the National Survey on Drug Use and Health .
One-third of all 10th graders say they have tried marijuana at least once .
And it 's becoming an increasingly familiar ballot initiative .
Minnesota , New Mexico , Missouri , Kentucky , South Carolina , Tennessee , Illinois , New Hampshire , New Jersey and Connecticut are all considering some form of legislation to legalize marijuana for medical purposes .
It is a drive that opponents say has no merit .
You 've got to remember something .
This whole legalization movement is n't just about marijuana .
These people want to legalize heroin , meth , cocaine for recreational use .
Make no mistake about it .
Proponents of medical marijuana point to its pain- relieving qualities .
And a recently-published study conducted with HIV patients at the University of California San Francisco found benefits .
But researchers at Brookhaven National Laboratory have been conducting research on a different topic : the impact of long-term marijuana use and dependency on the brain .
Not only does it alter the structure , the brain 's chemistry , but you run the risk that the alterations that you produce today will manifest themselves in ten years or 20 years .
Impaired memory and feelings of anxiety are more than just jokes .
They are reality .
So , too , are frequent respiratory infections and there is concern that the cancer risk of marijuana users is higher , which is why the American Cancer Society does not endorse , smoke marijuana , nor its legalization .
But the American Cancer Society has awarded a grant to work on a patch by use by chemotherapy patients to help combat their nausea and restore their appetite -- Lou .
Bill , thank you very much .
Bill Tucker .
Well , marijuana , thought to be harmless by many , particularly baby boomers , who have been associated with drug for decades .
It 's now known to be a dangerously addictive drug and it 's long-term effects are still being studied .
