But I live in New England .
So I know it 's cold up there now .
Oh my goodness .
And we 're all thinking about what we can do to stay safe in their homes .
You know , some people , their heat goes out in the middle of the night -- I 'm not talking about anyone we know , except possibly me this week .
What can you do if you have an emergency and you do n't have power ?
Well , the first thing is to try to avoid that emergency .
And one way you can do it -- and Gerri , this is becoming very popular -- is to get what 's called a standby generator , so just in case your electricity goes off , the generator will automatically kick in by a transfer switch , and then that will charge up your heating system so it will stay running even if your power is off .
So if you can avoid losing power at all , that 's the best place to stay warm .
Are these things dangerous ?
These ?
Are those things dangerous ?
Are there any problems with those ?
Do they give off any kind of , you know , bad chemicals or smells ?
Oh , standby generators ?
Yes .
Oh , you have to realize , that with standby generators , Gerri , the type that is taking over in the home industry is the natural gas-fired or propane-fired generators that run with the gas lines .
So you 're no longer stirring gasoline or cans of dangerous flammable liquids around your house .
So , yes , these are very safe to operate and very safe to use .
And it 's all automatic .
Oh , well that 's good news .
Are they expensive ?
Well , they do get a little pricey , because remember , this is a unit that gets fixed into place .
So you can figure on spending anywhere from about $ 5,000 to $ 7,000 to get a starter generator that will come on automatically .
All right .
Well , let 's talk about pipes for a minute , because when the weather gets really cold , everybody is worried their pipes are going to freeze .
So what do you do ?
Well , again , it all relies on your heating system .
Make sure that your heat stays up nice and high .
Now , even if you do have power , do n't get complacent and turn down your thermostat to save energy , especially if you go on a long trip .
Like , I 've left my house now .
I made sure that my heat is above 60 degrees at all times .
Get your thermostat , which we have right here , and make sure that you keep that thermostat up high .
And if the house stays warm , it 's going to stay warm in the pipes , and they wo n't freeze .
So just do n't lower the heat below 60 in very cold weather .
How long does it take your pipes to freeze if you are in a situation where you do n't have heat ?
Well , it can happen anywhere from 20 to 30 minutes , depending how cold it is outside .
And if you do find yourself with a frozen pipe and it does break , you have to shut off the water .
So make sure everyone in your house knows where the emergency water shutoff valve is .
