Hey , Suzanne , good morning .
Hey , good morning , Alina .
Well , the president and the White House and his top economic advisers say this is a budget that 's more transparent and detailed about the cost of the war on terror , but it is far from certain whether or not Congress is going to pass this budget , because some of these numbers are staggering .
It 's our money , and President Bush wants to spend almost $ 3 trillion of it .
It 's a staggering figure that 's hard for any of us to imagine .
But consider this .
After you crunch the numbers , it 's estimated that the total cost for the war on terror will approach $ 800 billion within the next two years .
President Bush says the increases he 's seeking in the new budget are justified .
Our priority is to make sure our troops have what it takes to do their job .
The breakdown , more than $ 93 billion additional for this year 's war operations in Afghanistan and Iraq , on top of $ 70 billion already approved .
More than $ 140 billion for 2008 .
And an 11 percent increase in the Pentagon budget .
Mr.
Bush insists the country can afford to boost military spending , while balancing the budget in five years without raising taxes , a claim members of Congress , now controlled by the Democrats , quickly dismissed .
That 's why I say this budget is a combination of deception and of debt in a way that 's disconnected from reality .
The day of the blank check for the president and the war is over .
The president 's budget aims at paying for the military increases by cutting out more than $ 95 billion in other areas over the next five years , including sharply reducing or eliminating more than 140 government programs for a savings of $ 12 billion , and squeezing $ 78 billion out of Medicare and Medicaid , health programs for the elderly and poor .
Alina , White House officials are defending those numbers , saying looking at the big picture , entitlement programs represent half of the budget .
They say it 's the fastest growing segment of the budget , that the cut in Medicare is less than 1 percent .
Alina , it 's all about selling this .
You 'll see top economic officials on the Hill testifying .
President Bush heading to Virginia to a computer technology firm to preach about fiscal responsibility -- Alina .
Taking it on the road .
All right .
Suzanne Malveaux at the White House .
Suzanne , thank you -- Miles .
In Baghdad this morning they are bracing and readying for that much-touted , much-debated troop buildup which will lead to , the U.S. says , a security crackdown in that country .
General David Petraeus also heading that way in Iraq soon to implement the president 's new strategy as the man in charge there .
CNN 's Barbara Starr live at the Pentagon with more .
Good morning , Barbara .
Good morning , Miles .
Well , a new military boss , a new military strategy , and maybe the last best chance for some measure of peace in Iraq .
On the streets of Baghdad , U.S. and Iraqi forces working together , manning checkpoints , directing traffic , watching for car bombs .
