Those are two different issues .
Right .
Agnostic answers the epistemological question of if things can be known .
And then it 's just theists and atheists after that .
So once you 're agnostic , you still have to choose one of the two .
But of course I 'm not sure .
I do n't think there 's any acknowledged agnostics or atheists running for president this time .
Not yet , no .
And you 're not throwing your hat in the ring ?
I do n't think so .
I think that number would stop anyone from backing me on that .
Penn Jillette in Vegas , what could be better than this ?
It 's perfect .
It gets you out of D.C.
Thanks very much .
Thank a lot , man .
He 's a very , very funny guy .
Got a good show here in Vegas as well .
Penn Jillette , that interview just a little while ago .
And straight ahead , our special "in case you missed it " segment , highlights of the other Sunday morning talk shows here in the United States .
Stay with " Late Edition , " the last word in Sunday talk .
And now , "in case you missed it , " some of the highlights from the other Sunday morning talk shows .
The focus on all of them , the war in Iraq and the Congressional opposition to the president 's strategy .
SEN.
CHUCK HAGEL , R-NEB. : Of course we 're going to support the troops .
There is n't anybody in the House or Senate that would vote otherwise .
What this debate is about right now is a continuation and an escalation of American military involvement in Iraq .
SEN.
JACK REED , D-R.I. : Down the road , will we consider issues with respect to funding ?
I think so , but we 'll never compromise the ability of American soldiers to protect themselves .
That 's something that I wo n't do .
That 's something I believe Chuck wo n't do .
SEN.
CARL LEVIN , D-MICH. : There 's risk in whatever you do in Iraq , obviously , but the current course is a proven failure .
We 've got to shift the responsibility to the Iraqi leaders to take control , and the only way to do that is not to tell them we 're going to save them from themselves .
If you are either our ally or enemy , you 're watching the U.S. Congress begin the process of systematically undermining American foreign policy .
Now , there are a lot of sound arguments , and I 'm not saying that you should n't be allowed to argue in a free society , but this is not a cost-free exercise .
I think everybody recognizes , from the president to Tony Blair to Secretary Rumsfeld , that post the period of major conflict , we had major problems in the way we managed the war in Iraq , and that has contributed to much of the difficulty we have today .
It was underplanned , underprepared , understaffed .
( END VIDEO CLIP )
SEN.
JOSEPH R. BIDEN JR. , D-DEL. : The way to support the troops is not to surge them in with too little and too late in too vast a territory , but it 's to have some hard-headed diplomacy to get a political solution .
That 's what 's going to save the troops , a political solution .
