Oh , yes .
First of all , he 's going to be the favorite of the trade unions , the labor movement .
Second of all , a lot of Democrats have some real questions about Hillary Clinton and whether she can win in the fall .
She may falter .
A lot of Democrats would really like to see Barack Obama do well .
But he 's never been in a really tough race before .
If those two candidates falter , John Edwards is the guy .
David , Senator McCain responded to Edwards calling his plan the McCain Doctrine , by saying , and I quote , " I do n't know if it 's a doctrine or not , but it 's a principle and I 'm committed to accomplishing the mission .
Maybe some others did not understand that when they voted to support the war . "
For McCain , how dangerous is this call for a surge of troops ?
GERGE
Well , he 's staking his political future on that right now .
And so if it works , it will be terrific .
If it does n't work , he stands a very substantial risk that he stood behind a failed policy .
Because the president -- he -- at one point , if he had simply gone out there with the surge and the president rejected it , he could have always said , well , if you 'd listen to me , you know , everything would have turned out all right .
But now the president is listening to him .
May -- it looks like he 's going to do it .
So if it does n't work , that 's going to really ( UNINTELLIGIBLE ) McCain .
Let me just say one other thing about John Edwards .
At the moment , Anderson , the biggest threat John Edwards poses , and it 's a serious threat , is to Barack Obama .
How so ?
Because ultimately to win a nomination , whether you 're Barack or Edwards , you 've got to be the non-Hillary .
You 've got to be the non-Mrs .
Clinton .
And the two of them are going to be essentially fighting over the same turf .
They 'll be drawing from much of the same well .
It 's a question of who the survivor is , is whether we can determine who the alternative is that Mrs. Clinton .
Otherwise she divides and conquer .
John , what about the timeline ?
When are we expecting to hear from Senator Clinton , from Senator Obama ?
Senator Clinton is moving very aggressively , Anderson , behind the scenes .
And we are told to look for her to do an exploratory committee relatively soon .
I was in communication with somebody very involved in Barack Obama 's decision-making , and was told today , you do n't have to worry about this right now .
There 's nothing imminent .
By nothing imminent , they mean nothing in January , and in probably the first half of February or so .
There 's this little dance going on right now about when is the best time to come out .
If you 're Obama , and you 're enjoying all this free publicity just for thinking about it , if you want to actually make it official .
And back to the Edwards things , one of the advantages he has early on , and this could get tougher as the campaign goes on , Senator McCain was certainly trying to do it by pointing out Senator Edwards ' vote for the war back in the day .
But Edwards now has said that was a mistake .
I made a mistake .
