The message today -- there was a lot of anger out on the streets today .
A lot of it was directed against officials , like the mayor , the chief of police , people saying enough is enough .
Do you think that message got heard ?
Well , I can say yes .
As of yesterday , this is the greatest priority we have is to make our citizens safe .
You know , right now we ca n't rebuild this community if people do n't feel safe enough to bring their families back , their businesses back , you know , rebuild their homes .
It has to be our number one priority .
If we ca n't be safe , we ca n't be anything .
Critics will say , you know , why has n't it been a number one priority six months ago ?
Back in June , I guess it was the mayor who said , literally , enough is enough .
He called in the National Guard .
Then on Tuesday , he held another press conference .
He said again , enough is enough .
A lot of people here feel like they are hearing those words , but they 're not seeing action .
What can be done ?
Well , it 's really the same old story in New Orleans .
We went through this in the middle '80s and the middle '90s .
e need to talk about how we sustain it , how we ...
So it 's not just Katrina related ?
No, it 's really not Katrina related .
New Orleans has been too violent for too long .
Too many criminals going in and out of jail for too long .
We need to figure out how we sustain this .
It 's about time that we make our schools better , our criminal justice system work , and our streets safe .
And you know , we talked about Katrina being a cleansing .
Let it cleanse all of those social ills that were wrong about this city .
It 's time to make it right .
And why do you think it -- why has there been this uptick ?
Is it the wrong people coming back ?
Is it people coming back and not having their folks around , or not having their -- I mean , their communities around ?
One of the problems are the resources .
And I 've said this and you 've said this .
We really do n't have any problem in this region that money ca n't fix .
But of all the billions of dollars that have been appropriated , very few have gotten into the hands of men and women and families who really want to rebuild this community , who really want to make it better .
At some point , at some point , the money will get into the hands of the people who are trying to rebuild this city and make it a better place .
And that 's not happening right now .
Criminals , people who want to do the wrong thing , they find their ways back into your community .
And , unfortunately , a lot of people can maintain a lifestyle here because of the criminal justice system , because of the easy way of life that they could n't do other places .
Well , you know , I do n't think a lot of people get that if you get arrested in New Orleans , there 's only a 7 percent conviction rate .
