Kim , can you address one of the -- maybe it looks like an Achilles heel for the plan , which is a fear that some companies that currently provide health care coverage for their employees , maybe they 're small , maybe they 're strapped , maybe it 's hard for them , they might decide not to because of this , let their employees go into the state-run plan and then the plan might get overwhelmed .
So first , what is the likelihood of that and how do you deal with that ?
The majority of California employers provide health benefits today .
And for those employers really nothing should change under this proposal , other than coverage should become more affordable and more available for employers and their employees .
At the same time , the governor believes it 's important that all employers contribute .
And so there is a modest fee on employers who choose not to participate in the program , in terms of providing coverage to their employees .
They 're asked to contribute a modest fee that will help finance coverage for the uninsured .
And we 've endeavored to structure it in a way to ensure that we 're not creating incentives for employers to drop coverage and shift their employees into the pool .
And we really want to make sure that we are leveling the playing field , if you will , between non-offering employers and offering employers .
The governor does n't think it 's fair to ask employers or the government to be subsidizing those employers who are walking away from this issue .
Kim , one sort of flash point on this whole plan is that it covers illegal immigrants as well .
And , you know , there are some people , critics , who say , why are we putting up money to cover people who are here illegally , and then how do you make sure that they 're going to participate in the program the way everybody should ?
You know , how do they enroll ?
How do they get involved ?
Can you explain that a little bit ?
It 's a very important issue .
Governor Schwarzenegger 's plan calls for all Californians to have this responsibility to obtain health insurance .
Under the governor 's plan all children will be eligible for our state 's S-Chip program , which we call Healthy Families , regardless of immigration status .
That has been a long standing commitment of the governor and he really believes that all the children should have access to affordable coverage .
Under the governor 's plan our county governments will continue to have responsibility for undocumented immigrant adults .
So that 's a county responsibility , in terms of how to provide services for that population .
And under the governor 's plan , the counties will retain the resources necessary to support that population .
The question for the counties will be , what 's the best mechanism for doing so ?
Right now , California taxpayers spend nearly a billion dollars in emergency services to undocumented immigrants .
Under federal law , hospitals cannot turn away undocumented immigrants or anyone from an emergency room , a very humane policy , but emergency rooms are the least appropriate , most expensive setting possible for delivering services , and taxpayers are carrying the bill .
