Twelve .
For what ?
For what ?
Well , OK .
All right .
First of all , did -- do we know yet if they made the 911 call ?
No, that is one of the speculation that` s out there , but it goes against the evidence that we`ve seen here in Boston thus far .
If that` s the case , in other words , if there was a bomb scare , then I get it .
Wait a minute .
There was a bomb scare .
No, wait , wait , wait .
From what I understand , not related to this ...
Yes .
... there was another real bomb scare going on at the same time .
Now , let me ask you .
If there was a bomb scare going on in Boston and one of these things would have been a real bomb , would n` t you -- and they did n` t shut the city down -- would n` t you be the guy who is saying , why did n` t you shut the tunnels down ?
No, because if you go and look at the bomb and it` s a bomb as opposed to a Lite-Brite , then of course you act in a different way .
They would never bomb -- they were never close to bombs .
You ca n` t treat a toy like a bomb .
I know the terrorists at Hasbro are about to unleash a Mr. Milton Bradley on the city of Boston who will terrorize us for years .
Right .
Wait a minute .
What happens -- then we just taught al Qaeda what to do .
All you do is you go get the game " Operation " and you put -- you put explosives behind the guy` s nose , tape it to a bridge and people like you will say , no big deal .
You can laugh but there` s a Hi-Ho Cheerio sitting in my trunk right now .
I` m too scared to go out to my own car .
But if you look at the device , we`ve all seen -- there was no place to hide an explosive .
And Glenn , remember something , they shut down river traffic on the entire Charles River for a device the size of a notebook .
If the thing was pure uranium it could n` t blow up a boat on the Charles River .
I live in New York City , man .
I take no chances with Lite- Brites or not Lite-Brites .
Thanks .
" Real Story " on France and Iran next .
You do n` t want to miss it , coming up .
All right , welcome to " The Real Story . "
People ask me a lot , why should I even vote ?
" Gee , Glenn , we do n` t even make a difference anymore . "
Well , actually , that` s not so .
Last week , I brought you a story about how our own military has been selling spare F-14 parts to Iran .
You know , now even though I` m not normally the rah-rah , call your congressman type of guy , this time I did say , " Can you please make a call and ask them to stop selling spare parts to our enemies ? "
Well , this week , the Pentagon announced an end to the insanity .
No more jet parts to our enemy will be sold .
So the real story is tonight , people still do make a difference .
You just did .
