And historic Harlem , it 's made a lot of progress , but has a ways to go .
Forty years ago , Dr. Martin Luther King preached from the pulpit of this church , the Ebenezer Baptist Church in Atlanta .
And 50 years ago , a neighborhood on the outskirts of Dallas was established specifically for African-Americans .
Now that neighborhood is at a crossroads .
Fifty years ago , it was the middle of nowhere .
Hamilton Park was set up as an African-American community on the outskirts of Dallas .
Now it 's in a prime location , surrounded by two major highways , a new light rail service , and corporate offices .
That is bringing change to this small neighborhood that has stayed the same size since 1954 .
Hamilton Park was the premier of the many communities that we had .
Did n't have a lot for the black homesteaders , but Hamilton Park become the premier .
Now , this community was built by blacks .
It was for blacks , and there is a very historical story behind Hamilton Park itself .
It 's a story that should be continuously told , it 's a story that should be continuously heard .
Many of Hamilton Park 's residents are now over 80 years old , and homes they may have purchased for $ 6,000 are now worth over $ 100,000 .
To developers , this prime piece of real estate may be worth even more .
The selling of Hamilton Park would n't be a good thing for Hamilton Park , not as history is concerned .
The earth is something that is a part of a person .
This Hamilton Park is a part of me .
Now these men are trying to save their community from development that could damage the character of Hamilton Park .
We 're going to keep relating to senior people -- do n't worry .
And we 're going to try to also through the civically ( ph ) and the churches , train the younger people the value of what they have .
Another neighborhood at a crossroads , New York 's Harlem .
It 's a subject of growing debate between those who would like to develop it and those who would like to preserve it .
I spent an afternoon in Harlem with architectural historian Michael Henry Adams .
So we 're in Harlem , Strivers ' Row .
Tell me why this block is so significant .
Because this was the place where every African-American wanted to live , once the Equitable Life Insurance Company opened it up for black people to be able to buy in 1919 .
And so you had everyone from the prize fighter Harry Willis ( ph ) to Eubie Blake , the composer , who all wanted to live on Strivers ' Row , and they all bought houses in this particular neighborhood .
They 're really beautiful buildings .
But I bet they 're really , really expensive now .
There was not a single house that had ever sold for more than a million dollars until the year 2000 .
Now you 're looking at houses like this that are valued at $ 3 million and $ 4 million .
Talk to me a little bit about Harlem and its role really as a center for African-American culture .
Well , you know , African-Americans flocked to Harlem around 100 years ago .
You had just a preponderance of people who were also very talented -- artists , musicians , writers .
And this gave rise to the Harlem renaissance of the 1920s and the early 1930s , everyone from Lord and Lady Louis Mountbatten , to Cole Porter , and Noel Coward .
They all came to Harlem .
