My fellow citizens , our military commanders and I have carefully weighed the options , discussed every possible approach .
In the end , I chose this course of action because it provides the best chance for success .
Joining me now , part of the best political team in the business , CNN 's John Roberts , John King , Candy Crowley , and Bill Schneider .
Candy , do you think the president 's speech swayed any of the undecided Republicans into supporting his new strategy ?
You know , it may have given them cause .
But the White House did n't go into this thinking it would change minds so much as stop the hemorrhaging .
They wanted to get to those Republicans that are still there , saying , listen , you 've got to give us more time here .
I guess we 'll see when they start to begin to put these resolutions together .
Was it about buying time ?
Certainly in Iraq , it was about that , saying give this some time to work , absolutely .
John King , you know , in previous State of the Union speeches , President Bush dedicated roughly half the time to national security , the war on terror .
It did n't happen this time .
Why do you think the administration is placing a heavier emphasis on domestic policies ?
Is it just that there 's not a lot of great stuff to sell on Iraq ?
Well , that is one of the reasons , and Republicans were happy that the president did n't spend too much time on this speech in Iraq .
What he did say was important .
Will it succeed ?
We will see .
I think Candy laid out the task pretty clearly .
But look , this is a president with two years left in office , Anderson .
He is not going to get the big things he wanted .
He is not going to get his tax cuts made permanent .
The Democrats are not going to do that .
He is not going to get the big Social Security or the big Medicare changes he wanted .
That is not going to happen , despite what the president said tonight , heading into a presidential election cycle .
Can he do business on healthcare , on education and on energy ?
He can if the Democrats want to pass things .
Because he still would need to sign them into laws .
So the Democrats do n't like this president .
They do n't agree with him on much , but they need him , and they want to produce in the next two years , too .
So consider what the president said tonight on domestic issues essentially his first marker for the negotiations that will take place six , eight months from now when they get serious about these issues .
Bill , what about Jim Webb 's response ?
Was he the right person for the Democrats ?
Well , he certainly drew attention to the Iraq issue , which is the issue Democrats want to call attention to .
That was the issue he ran on .
That 's why he was once a Republican and switched parties and became a Democrat .
He was secretary of the Navy in the Reagan administration .
Who better to speak about that ?
And he has a son who 's serving .
I think he focused squarely on the issue Democrats want to talk about , Iraq .
