Now Hillary has the oval office in her sights , and she` s willing to say anything to make Americans like her .
She` s rallying to public opinion , not to her commitment to see this war to the end .
Here` s what she` s now saying about the whole thing .
I want to be very clear about this .
If I had been president in October of 2002 , I would not have started this war .
What ?
Let me be clear .
You cast your vote , Hillary .
You were already committed .
Own up to it .
Take responsibility .
There are no stalemates in war .
Only victory or defeat .
Hillary Clinton , if you want to be the next commander in chief , not president but commander in chief , you have to prove that you have the will to finish the job you helped start .
A loss in the Middle East is not in our best interest .
This is the time to band together .
Democrats , Republicans , everybody band together .
It` s healthy to debate the war .
But the debate is not whether or not we should pull out or should have gone in , in the first place .
The debate is how to finish it with a win .
Why accept anything less ?
How secure will we truly be if we turn our country into France ?
All right .
Welcome to " The Real Story . "
Now , here` s the situation that I think we can all relate to .
You`re online , you`re making travel plans , and you start to think , well , you know , maybe I`ll upgrade my seat .
I mean , sure , it` s an indulgence , but I get free drinks and I will be a little more comfortable in first class than in coach , right ?
Well , here` s tonight` s real story .
Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi is n` t really satisfied with the luxury of a better seat .
Her staff wants a better plane , and on our dime .
That little indulgence will cost you , me and every other taxpayer an extra $ 300,000 per trip , and that` s a one-way ticket .
All right , the story now has been around for a day or two .
And I`ve resisted saying anything until all the facts were in .
The trouble now is , whose facts do you believe ?
This afternoon , Nancy Pelosi said she` d be happy to fly commercially .
Right .
Her camp has been singing a very different song for days .
First , I want to give you a little history .
After the tragedies of 9/11 , it was decided that the speaker should be given use of a private plane .
I agree with it .
I do n` t care if it` s a Republican or a Democrat .
As the person who is second in line for the presidency behind the vice president , I think the security of the speaker should be taken seriously .
Republican Denny Hastert used a smaller military plane , like the C-21 .
Now , for those of us who are n` t in the military , that` s the equivalent of a Gulf Stream 5 .
For those of us who do n` t have a private plane , let me just explain the Gulf Stream 5 as one sweet plane .
It` s the best private plane money can buy .
On the G-5 , they give you a little bit more than an extra bag of Chex Mix and a warm cookie .
