He was pathetic .
He -- the body language was not impressive .
He was sullen , sunken and he was so concerned with getting that video up that " E.T. " provided , he forgot , first and foremost , to be prepared for testimony .
As an attorney , I was not impressed and the judge was thoroughly not impressed with the way that video disparaged Virgie .
We have to understand in the long-term of things , Larry , that that judge has been hearing testimony and seeing things for 30 years in the family law and juvvie courts .
And this judge was not impressed with an " Entertainment " interview of a woman attacking her mother , when , in fact , Virgie , who took the stand , was plain-spoken , and she basically said my daughter was my daughter until around the time Howard K. Stern entered her life .
Was it hard for your client to be around Howard K. Stern today ?
My client knows who he is and my client knows he 's the father .
And Howard K. Stern , I think , had more difficulty being in Larry 's presence .
When Howard Stern referred to the baby as his daughter , why did n't you object ?
You know , you 're -- I would -- could have said , " Your Honor , I object . "
And why ?
Because the judge was getting very ticked off with all the objections .
Our strategy was to remain quiet and let the testimony get out .
There is something else , and you brought this to my mind .
When Howard K. Stern states that I am the father under Bahamian law , what he 's saying and what no one knows is that under Bahamian law , a presumed father -- not a biological father -- can take legal entitlement to the custody of a child .
He will not ever say on a witnesses stand under oath , under penalty of perjury , that he is the biological father of that child , because he knows he is not .
And if he wants me to hit him with a contempt action in Florida for perjury , I 'll do that .
As far as that contempt action in Los Angeles , we let it go because we got what we want .
We got the paternity order , we got it enforced in other jurisdictions and we 're heading there .
And we 're off to the Bahamas as soon as we 're done with Florida .
Debra , finally , what 's your assessment of this judge ?
A lot of people are having fun with him .
Well , I 'm a New Yorker so I understand Judge Seidlin .
I like Judge Seidlin .
I think he has a complete grasp of the issues and if push comes to shove and he 's got to make a decision , Judge Seidlin is not afraid of the hard decisions .
Thanks .
Debra Opri , the attorney for Larry Birkhead .
We 'll be seeing lots of her .
Up next , what Anna Nicole 's mom wants and whether she 's likely to get it .
Virgie Arthur 's attorney joins us with his view of today 's court proceedings .
As we go to break , more of Mr. Stern 's testimony .
She had real problems accepting Daniel was gone .
She wanted to see him in the casket .
So at the beginning , before the ceremony started , she had the people open the casket .
And she was just inconsolable in hugging Daniel and holding onto him .
And she wanted to go down with Daniel right then .
She said if Daniel has to be buried , I want to be buried with him .
