Lisa , thank you very much .
Lisa Sylvester from Washington .
Time now for some of your thoughts .
Curtis in Illinois said , " In some countries if you speak out against the country 's leaders you get sent to jail or executed .
It seems to me we have it , we just get ignored .
Keep the faith , Lou .
Someday someone will here us . "
I hope you 're right .
And Rosemary in Arkansas : " I thought the Democrats promised a non-partisan Congress .
Why are hey not then signing the bill for the two Border Patrol agents ? "
Good question .
And Don in New York : " Dear Lou , the other evening I believe I heard you report that not one Democrat in Congress has signed the petition demanding a pardon for the Border Patrol Agents Compean and Ramos .
As a registered Democrat , I 'm appalled .
If this is n't a bipartisan issue , I do n't what is .
Freeing these men is n't a political issue .
It 's about justice , unless that too has become political like everything else in this country . "
Send us your thoughts to loudobbs.com .
More of your thoughts upcoming here .
Each of you whose e-mail is read here receives a copy of my book " War on the Middle Class " .
Tonight more on the war within , this country 's war against what is pervasive drug abuse .
The problem is deadly .
It is costly .
And the numbers are staggering by any measure .
Christine Romans has the report .
( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE )
Almost 25 million people in this country are substance abusers , yet only three million get treatment .
Joseph Califano runs the National Center on Addiction and Substance Abuse .
We Americans are four percent of the world 's population .
We consume two - thirds of the world 's illegal drugs .
Drug abuse in this country and substance abuse in this country is unquestionably our biggest health problem .
Addiction and substance abuse are our no . 1 disease .
The top drug of choice ?
25.5 million people , aged 12 and older , used marijuana in the past year .
The fastest growing category ?
Prescription drugs .
Last year 6.4 million used them to get high .
Abuse of alcohol , even more widespread .
Some 40 percent of college students engage in dangerous binge drinking .
Drug offenses are the fastest-growing category of crime .
Drug offenders are the largest group of inmates in our federal prisons .
It costs $ 3 billion a year to house them .
That 's at the federal level .
States pay $ 17 million a day to incarcerate drug criminals .
But that 's a fraction of the billion spent over the past 30 years on the government 's war on drugs .
If you add in state and local spending , it 's close to $ 35 to $ 40 billion a year .
And , yes , drugs are more easily available than ever before .
They 're of higher purity and of lower price .
So , those three indicators tell us that the drug war is absolutely failing .
And then there are human costs .
Almost 20,000 people died from accidental drug overdoses in 2004 , second to only fatal car crashes .
And on our roads each year , an estimated two million drive under the influence .
Drunk drivers , killing 17,000 .
