And they are , they 're watching what we do .
They 're paying attention to it .
They 're very patient .
And we , in turn , are modifying our flight routes , our tactics , our formations , our altitudes , our time of flight and a lot of other things in order to offset what they 're intending to do against us .
M. O'BRIE
All right .
We have word now , 1,600 British troops will soon be heading home , perhaps as many as another 500 by the fall .
I know Basra is different .
And I know Basra is predominantly Shiite .
It 's a different context entirely .
The lay of the land is differently .
But are there any lessons that the U.S. can draw from the British experience there ?
Clearly , they 've had a little more success than the U.S.
Well , and they have .
And they 've been very fortunate to -- to move the pace along down there .
They 're dealing with one element of the Iraqi population , the Shia , predominantly , and they 've been able to help the Iraqis stand up and take greater control .
So as those conditions have changed , they wo n't need -- you know , they 've got about 7,100 troops here right now in the country , and they 'll be able to reduce it by about 1,500 through normal rotation as soldiers were scheduled to go home this year .
But General , are there any lessons learned ?
Have you gone to...
They 'll leave what should be more than sufficient to continue providing the security and the stability down in that part of the land .
General , the question was are there any lessons learned ?
Has the U.S. military learned anything from the British occupation of Basra ?
Well , yes .
Of course we do .
We learn lessons from each other .
We continually share insights .
The British have been associated with this area of the world for a long time .
They 've worked very hard at staying very close to the population , being associated with them , being aware of their customs and courtesies .
But it 's the same tactics you 'll see that our troops are using , too .
It 's just they 're faced with an entirely different situation than down in the Basra area .
Major General William Caldwell , thank you for your time , sir -- Soledad .
Thank you very much .
A ferocious war of words here at home as the vice president , Dick Cheney , criticized Congress and the new House speaker fired right back .
CNN 's Ed Henry is at the White House this morning for us .
Ed , good morning to you .
Good morning .
Let me set it up for you .
Speaker Pelosi was sort of accusing the vice president of questioning her patriotism and the patriotism of others , right ?
That 's right .
Clearly on a collision course here , the vice president and the speaker of the House .
But what 's really going on when you peel back the rhetoric , the president and vice president continuing to deploy this good cop/bad cop strategy in dealing with Democrats .
You have the president saying over and over he wants to work with the new Democratic majority on the Hill .
Meanwhile , you have the vice president firing away at them , talking tough .
