... because the last numbers I saw was 33 percent .
And I am not saying there is n't a problem .
... nationwide .
I 'm saying to generalize and say that it is the fault of Hispanic parents , that our kids are failing , is divisive .
It 's dangerous .
It 's dangerous ...
What if it 's true ?
Excuse me .
There 's a national report card that is published .
It was ...
But -- but wait a minute .
It 's not true .
Excuse me -- it 's published by -- it was -- it 's an agency , published ...
It 's not true .
Hispanics do care about education .
We care about our children .
No, no , I 'm talking about the facts , the facts .
You 're generalizing that ...
No, I 'm not .
... all Hispanic families -- so , that means that your family does n't care about education .
No.
I did n't say all Hispanics .
Are you still Hispanic ?
Excuse me .
I did n't say all Hispanic families .
You and me and others , Hispanics , have achieved .
I say , the huge percentage of Hispanics are not achieving .
And we have to face that , because that 's a reality .
To ignore it , it 's a disservice towards ...
How do you think African-Americans would feel ...
... if the same criticism was lodged against them ?
As the Puerto Rican Bill Cosby ...
" You do n't care about your children as much as Asians do , " you know , whatever the charge is going to be .
Right .
As the Puerto Rican Bill Cosby , I completely agree with him .
And I think that , ultimately , we live in America .
This country is based on people putting themselves up by the boot=straps and being successful .
All of the -- we have access to everything here .
If you are not successful , it 's your fault .
And , if your kids are n't doing well , look in the mirror .
At the end of the day , the school system sucks .
But , then , it 's up to you , as a parent , to augment what the school system is n't giving , because ...
But , clearly , there are ...
... if your kid is not successful , whose fault is it ?
... pockets of populations that are under-served in this country .
And all of us have to concede that the quality is not the same across the board in school districts across the country .
And , at other times , our children are being miseducated by politically correctness , which Herman 's book is thrashing .
And thank goodness he is .
That 's what I 'm talking about .
You call him -- you call him the Bill Cosby , the Latino Bill Cosby .
No.
... Puerto Rican Bill Cosby .
I call him the Latino Roy Innis , because ...
And , in some circles , he 's being called ...
... and a sellout .
No, not all .
The sellouts are those that will allow their children to continue to mire in poverty , and they 're not doing well in school .
I do n't know of any Hispanic parent who , in his or her -- her right mind , is going to be look at his child and say , great , you 're failing .
You 're blaming -- it 's not -- it 's not that simple .
I know you do n't buy this statistic that Herman used about 50 percent failing .
