New audio recordings tonight of Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger .
The good governor compares the Mexican border fence to the Berlin Wall .
And he expresses sympathy for illegal aliens .
The recordings were made during staff meetings .
They were obtained by the " Los Angeles Times . "
And amongst the things the good governor said , " We always looked at the ( Berlin ) Wall as kind of like the outside of the wall is the enemy ...Are we looking at Mexico as the enemy ?
No, it 's not...These are our trading partners . "
The governor also said he believes Mexicans have trouble assimilating because they 're so close to their own country .
He had a lot more to say , and we 're going to have some more of his quotes here coming up in the next 15 minutes .
Coming up next , however , ice cold winds and plunging temperatures are causing an arctic freeze across much of the country .
We 'll have the latest for you .
Also , time is running out on the president 's fast track trade authority .
Senator Byron Dorgan says , great .
And he wants to defeat any attempt to extend the policy .
He joins us .
A Lear jet simply not big enough for the new speaker of the House .
We 'll be talking about the latest on the request for special privileges .
The lady of the house .
Stay with us .
In the last half hour , Senate Republicans blocked the debate on a resolution criticizing the president 's troop increase in Iraq .
Democrats immediately said they would seek a new way to force President Bush to change his strategy in Iraq .
In other news tonight , damage assessment and cleanup under way in central Florida where tornadoes killed 20 people .
The National Weather Service says there were three tornadoes that touched down early Friday with peak winds above 155 miles an hour .
Federal disaster assistance 's is now on its way to residents of four Florida counties .
The cost of the storm is estimated at about $ 70 million .
Much the northeastern United States tonight is in the grip a bone-chilling arctic cold wave .
Wind chills , low as 42 below zero , closing schools in states around the Great Lakes .
The dangerous cold also brought heavy snow in northwestern New York .
Whiteout conditions forced the closure of the New York Throughway , and Amtrak shut down some of its passenger service .
A key ruling in the CIA leak trial is being hailed as a victory for the national news media .
The judge in the trial of Lewis " Scooter " Libby says he 'll release audio recordings of Libby 's secret grand jury testimony .
The release would come after jurors finished listening to those tapes .
Defense attorneys objecting , saying it would seriously threaten Libby 's right to a fair trial .
Former New York mayor , Rudy Giuliani , has joined of what is a growing list of Republicans in the race for the Republican nomination .
Giuliani filed a statement of candidacy for president today .
The latest Opinion Research Corporation poll shows Giuliani leads the pack on the Republican side , beating out Senator John McCain , with Newt Gingrich and Mitt Romney running a distant third and fourth .
