You know , I would assume so .
I certainly hope so .
Where is it ?
I mean it would have to have been embalmed , would n't it ?
Well , yes .
Where is it ?
Well , you know , I 've got to tell you that the burial is n't too much I can talk about .
But I can tell you that I did just find out when I was in South Carolina that he is at the funeral home .
They had taken him out of our home ...
In South Carolina ?
Yes .
They took him out of our home -- and this is all just so bizarre to me , how they could do it like this in the first place .
Why ca n't he be buried ?
I do n't understand that , really , to tell you the truth .
I do n't .
What do they tell you ?
Well , right now what -- what I can tell you , Larry , is that the family 's lawyers and my lawyers have come to an agreement of a place -- because my -- one of the biggest parts of my fight has been to get him in the ground as soon as possible because it 's just -- he does n't want to be there ...
And they do n't want him in the ground ?
Well , I think everybody does .
I think that it 's just ...
So ?
We 've finally come to an agreement .
So it 's going to happen now .
And tomorrow there is also a point ...
It could happen how soon ?
Actually , tomorrow we 're going to find out a lot of other things .
There is also a hearing .
The judge was supposed to have it out today , but I guess Presidents Day .
So tomorrow -- it 's already been filed -- some rulings on an overseer over the trustees and the burial , I guess , something will come up about that .
This week ?
Yes , this week .
In South Carolina ?
Yes .
But we 've already been talking about that , the children and I , through our lawyers .
And I have great lawyers in Robert Rosen and Thornton Morrison .
They 're going to do the right thing .
Is there a family plot ?
Well , you know , I know what James wanted and that 's what I 'm fighting for .
What did he want ?
James wants to be buried on the property and he wants to be buried in the ground ...
Probably where the -- where the house is ?
Our home .
We had always planned to turn it into a museum .
That was never -- it was something James and I talked about ( UNINTELLIGIBLE) .
So he wants something like Presley ?
Yes , absolutely .
Absolutely .
And James and I talked about this they -- for many years .
And we knew everything that was going to happen , even down to the horrible things that have happened .
He knew it was going to happen .
But he wants to be in the ground .
He wants 37 songs up on top of the biggest rock you can find , fret not thyself and the evildoers .
He said it in every interview he ever did .
And that 's what he wants on top of his grave .
