I 'll tell you quite truthfully and I have read everything that is out there about this .
In my never to be humble opinion , the whole point of this was not any kind of vengeance or payback or rage or competitiveness .
The whole point of this was to have something to put on Youtube .
The whole point of this was to be a celebrity like Britney Spears with no underwear flashing her giblets .
The whole point of this behavior was to be like what they see so much in our society .
You get -- infamy is now what fame used to be .
So it does n't matter what you do , whether it 's vulgar , sexual or violent , as long as you get attention for it .
And I think it was all for the -- that there was no real anger there .
It was all for the sake of celebrity hood .
That 's what we value in our culture .
But , Laura -- OK , maybe boys beating up boys , but girls beating up a girl ?
Hey , it 's a way to get on Youtube .
It 's a dramatic way to be seen to be known .
More and more young people are using violence for all sorts of things .
To me , that 's also a part of the culture .
Just when we were having our elections you saw angry , raging people , Democrats , Republicans , everybody calling everybody bad names and the threats and all of that , from raw to Barbara Boxer talking to Condi Rice .
I mean anything in between .
We see so much rage and anger .
You hear it on the radio .
You see people fighting on the TV news shows , arguing and yelling at each other .
The show just before yours .
I mean there 's just so much of this rage that it 's been normalized .
What would you do , what would you say to the girls who did this ?
You 're going to go to jail until you 're 21 and it ai n't going to be pretty in prison .
That 's what I would say to them .
And that 's what we have to say to the young people who resort to these kinds of antics and behaviors , not caring about the welfare of another human being .
Do you think they will get that punishment ?
I certainly hope so .
It 's going to be hard to avoid it when they 're on tape .
I mean , the prosecution does n't have to go very far .
And , obviously , it was n't self-defense .
I personally would like to send that other little girl to karate class .
What would you say to their parents ?
Oh , I would like to know where their parents are , if they have any and if they are around them and what kind of role model they have .
I mean when you and I were kids , if we went out and tried to clobber somebody for fun , we could expect to have raw tushies after that one .
But they have no fear , means to me -- I mean they have no fear to the extent that they are taping it , it means that there is no disregard .
It is callous and arrogant and too high a self-esteem .
We always worry about kids ' low self-esteem , it 's the false high self-esteem I worry about .
That they 're somehow immune to all of that .
Well they must have learned that at home .
They must be getting away with a lot at home .
They must be getting away with a lot at school .
I think our young people are because the minute they do anything bad , the lawyers are called and you ca n't do this to my child and children are turning more sociopathic all the time because there are no restraints , no limits , no consequences .
So these kids have to go up the river until they 're 21 .
I vote for that .
