AL-MALIKI ( through translator ) : And we will not accept Iran using Iraq as an opportunity to attack the American forces .
But does this not exist ?
It exists .
And I assure you it exists , because it is based on the struggle between the two countries .
And all of this amidst an unrelenting war against his government and the occupying U.S. forces by a homegrown insurgency and al Qaeda , enemies , he claims , strengthened by U.S. blunders .
AL-MALIKI ( through translator ) : We say that a big part in the existence of the terrorist organizations are the mistakes that have been committed in the process of building the Iraqi security forces .
Mistakes , he insists , have also compromised attempts to dismantle Iraq 's powerful militias .
They exist .
And I pointed to that , because we , unfortunately , inherited this from the wrong process of building the troops that started after the fall of the regime .
Nevertheless , we have taken a number of measures and operations to cleanse these forces .
As for the White House plan to send 21,000 additional troops to Iraq , Maliki believes the new strategy will work , but says that 's not his only option .
AL-MALIKI ( through translator ) : If there seems to be more need , we will ask for more troops , because the success of the Baghdad security plan for us and for the U.S. administration is an important and sensitive job .
More troops , political deals , and reconciliation , anything , he says , to avoid drowning the country in blood .
Michael joins us now from Baghdad .
Michael , how relevant is Maliki now ?
I mean , does he have real power ?
Well , this is the question .
This is the litmus test for America 's partner here in Iraq .
We saw President Bush , in his State of the Union address , turn to the government of Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki and said that this new strategy that was being undertaken is going to demand more of this government .
What President Bush was saying is that Nouri al-Maliki has promised to deliver time and time and time again , and he has failed to do so .
Is that because he 's incapable or because he 's complicit with these militias that he 's failed to address ?
We do know that he was put into power through a political deal by one of the most powerful militias in the country , the Mahdi army , led by anti-American cleric Muqtada al-Sadr .
Now , in a country where political power , the currency of power , still comes at the end of a barrel of a gun , this prime minister has no militia .
Yet , his government is an alliance of armed militias .
So , him trying to exert any kind of authority is an extraordinarily difficult thing .
Yet , this is America 's key to withdrawing from Iraq .
Very quickly , Michael , just on a personal basis , what 's he like ?
He 's a very , very polished politician .
Yet , he also appears very strong , very measured , obviously , in his words .
Yet , he comes with a bearing .
I mean , he does n't betray the fact that this man is under intense pressure .
Yet , you can still see within him the cracks beginning to emerge .
And you could hear in his -- in what he had to say the strains that are obviously appearing in the relationship with the United States .
