The fight over the Senate Iraq resolution took another turn late last night .
The senators behind it are now saying until their resolution gets a fair debate , they 're going to stop all other legislation from moving forward .
Senator John Warner , in his letter to Senate leaders , wrote that Iraq is the , quote , "most pressing issue of our time . "
And that he 's going to do everything in his power to , quote , "ensure a full and open debate . "
Warner 's resolution says the Senate disagrees with the president 's plan to increase the number of troops in Iraq .
NBC 's Tim Russert was on the stand for the prosecution in the perjury trial of Lewis " Scooter " Libby .
He 's had the most dramatic testimony so far .
Russert testified he did n't tell Libby about the identity of CIA operative Valerie Plame , which is what Libby has claimed .
Grand jury tapes also have Libby saying he first heard of Plame 's identity from Vice President Dick Cheney , his former boss .
Tim Russert is back on the stand today .
Lisa Nowak , that astronaut in big trouble for allegedly trying to kidnap a romantic rival , might not face attempted murder charges after all .
That 's according to the " Orlando Sentinel " this morning .
Prosecutors have decided -- not decided , rather , whether to proceed with that charge .
It 's reportedly a decision that could take the state 's attorneys office weeks to decide .
For the first time ever , you 're going to be able to buy an FDA- approved weight loss drug , and you 're not going to need a prescription .
It 's just been approved .
It 's called Alli , and it 's a lower dose version of the prescription diet drug Xenical .
It works by blocking fat .
There can be some very nasty gastrointestinal side effects , and there have been critics who say it raises the colon cancer risk , too -- Miles .
M. O'BRIE
Let 's turn now to the deadly winter weather .
At least 16 have died in the elements and on the slippery roads so far , the weather causing accidents from Ohio into the mid-Atlantic and beyond .
And more snow is coming .
Eight feet could pile up by Sunday .
Keep shoveling there .
Keep shoveling .
More than six feet is already on the ground right now in some areas .
Let 's go right now to CNN 's Rob Marciano , who 's in Oswego , New York .
There 's somebody else out there .
But it 's a snowplow .
Other than the snowplows , is anybody else out , Rob , this morning ?
Well , good morning , Miles .
You know , folks who live in upstate New York , they 're a hearty bunch .
And especially in the lake effect snow country , Oswego and Oswego County line ( ph ) , they get glorified bobcats out here to grade up the snow and plow the snow .
And then they get regular old snowplows out here as well .
So there are people out and about .
And they do a pretty good job of keeping the roads clear .
The problem is it 's snowing so hard , when you 've got snowfall rates at two , three , four , five inches an hour , you know , you can never possibly clear that much snow .
