He goes on to state , that` s Frederick Prince von Anhalt , the husband of 90-year-old Zsa Zsa Gabor .
Jean , he was claiming on Friday night that he believes he could be the father .
He kind of shied away when I brought up the whole child support thing .
But let` s talk about the citizenship of Dannielynn .
We`re talking about $ 475 million at stake here .
Well , you know , this is Bahamian law , and I think it` s contested at this point .
Because I have heard that , according to Bahamian law , you take the citizenship of your parents , which would be U.S. citizenship .
Also one could say presumptively born in the ...
Bahamas ?
... Bahamas -- thank you -- that you would claim that citizenship .
Is that how it works ?
Out to you , David Bythewood .
You`re a Bahaman law expert .
If the child is born there , is it a citizen there ?
It` s presumptively a citizen in the Bahamas , but it can just be a U.S. citizen .
It can go down either path .
Right now , my understanding ...
Well , there` s no law on it ?
Well , I spoke with several Bahamian officials this morning and lawyers , and they told me that presumptive the baby is a Bahamian , and they`re concerned about the baby` s money and people trying to grab it .
So I want to go back out to you , to Godfrey " Pro " Pinder .
He is G. Ben Thompson` s attorney .
As you all know , this beautiful mansion that Anna Nicole Smith has been living in belongs to G. Ben Thompson , a former boyfriend of Anna Nicole Smith .
Mr.
Pinder , how did all those items get taken from the home ?
GODFREY " PRO " PINDER , ATTORNEY FOR ALLEGED OWNER OF MANSIO
I do n` t know how the items got taken from the house , but there were other persons in the house before Friday .
On the night of Thursday , certain persons went into the house .
Who ?
Well , there are allegations or suggestions that Mr. Howard Stern might have gone into the house the night before in order to...
No, Howard Stern was in Florida .
Well , so everybody believes .
But there is this suggestion that he might have gone in to secure the items and various other things having to do with the late Nicole Smith and , of course , to secure the baby .
OK , now , you`ve named Howard Stern , but , apparently , Howard Stern was actually still in Florida at the time .
So who else was in the home ?
Well , that` s what everybody believes that he might have still been in the house , but we do n` t necessarily believe that he was still in the house .
Is there anybody else , Mr. Pinder , that you believe was in the home ?
Yes , the mother of Shane Gibson , Mrs. Gibson , Gerylynn Gibson ( ph ) , could have been in the house , because she was the nanny for the baby , and she was taking care of the baby while Mr. Stern and Ms. Smith were off the island .
Is true that your client had to have an injunction ordered against him to change the locks back so Stern could back in ?
