Venezuelan president Hugo Chavez touting his 21st century socialism at a meeting with Latin American leaders in Rio .
At home , his grip on power tightens , manipulating democratic institutions to do so .
His congress moving to grant him 18 months of unlimited power .
His opponents in politics and the media sidelined .
MOISES NAIM , EDITOR , " FOREIGN POLICY" : He has been an innovator , nonetheless , in using the tools of democracy to grab power , and creating a hegemony of his party and his person .
University of Miami professor Jaime Suchlicki said Chavez and his socialist ideology will be a challenge for American foreign policy in the region for decades to come .
We do n't have a sustained foreign policy in Latin America , which we should have .
It is important that we have a long-term , sustained policy to Latin America , not one that flares up every time there is a crisis and then dies after .
The State Department says under President Bush foreign aid to Latin America has more than doubled to $ 1.7 billion last year .
Its policy is to look past Chavez 's stage craft and focus on the rest of the region .
Our focus is not worrying about him or his comments .
Our focus is on working with our partners in the hemisphere to do the kinds of things that is generally agreed by all members of the OAS that we want to see happen .
But Chavez is spreading around more than just anti-U.S. rhetoric .
Professor Suchlicki estimates Chavez spent $ 2.3 billion last year to support Castro alone , using his country 's vast oil wealth to buy influence and spread anti-American sentiment .
For many her in Miami , Castro and communist Cuba are the top foreign policy priority , but the reality is Chavez , with his vast oil wealth , is the greatest threat right now in this hemisphere -- Lou .
And the State Department , as timid as it always is , and sometimes absolutely indecipherable , has no response to the fact that Venezuela now has a dictator ?
Venezuela essentially has a dictator , and today Tom Casey at the State Department did say it was curious that he was using democratic institutions to consolidate his grip on power .
" Curious " is the word they used .
Curious ?
Curious ?
Inspiring .
Thank you very much .
You 're welcome .
Christine Romans .
Unbelievable .
Jaime Suchlicki , whom you just saw in Christine 's report , will join us here later in the broadcast as we discuss the rising leftist and Communist threat in the Western hemisphere and the failure of U.S. policy response .
Let 's take a look at some of your thoughts now .
Jeffrey in Washington said , " Lou , it is really a travesty when the government rewards a government official with benefits while in prison after they 've committed felonies and then turns around and ruins the lives of both these border patrol agents and their families for doing their jobs .
This government should be ashamed of themselves . "
Bill in Pennsylvania , " It 's really not a question whether President Bush should feel ashamed of his actions .
Clearly his arrogance does not allow him to have a conscience beyond his corporate self-interest .
I know one thing though -- I am ashamed I voted for him .
