Well , I can say our routine is definitely to provide a psychological evaluation for anybody contemplating donor egg or donor sperm , and that clearly was the case here .
She needs time to collect her thoughts , to digest what` s happened to her children .
And hopefully -- and I know that she has supporters here with whom she` s available to live with them .
So her thoughts are obviously with her children .
And right now , she needs this period of time , as well , to come to terms with what` s happened .
She`ll have plenty of time to think about her felony kidnap charges behind bars .
That` s right : It` s at least a 12- to 15-hour drive from Raleigh , North Carolina , all the way to Canada , where this biological mom took her two twin infants after they had been adopted .
Let` s go out to the lines .
Sharon in Wisconsin , hi , Sharon .
Hi , Nancy .
I love your program .
Bless you .
What I`d like to know is , how long is the waiting period in that state ?
Good question .
You mean , once someone is put up for adoption , how long do they have to get the kids back if they want them ?
Here in Wisconsin , it` s one year .
You know , I do n` t think there` s that window at all in Florida .
Let` s go out to Pat Kilbane , the Needhams` attorney .
What is the so-called waiting period ?
That` s correct .
There` s no waiting period in this type of case , Nancy .
And , you know , and when you think about it , to psychotherapist Dr. Leslie Austin , if you`re thinking about and willing to sign away your children , I think Florida has the right idea .
Why do you want these parents to have a chance to reconsider , if that` s what you think of your children , you want to sign them away ?
Why should you get to come back a year later , like in Wisconsin , and take the kids away from the adoptive parents , parents that really want them ?
Exactly .
There are a lot of the reasons why you might want to put your kids up for an adoption , but hopefully you`d consider it very , very carefully before you sign the papers .
Whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa , wait ...
And you`ve got to put the kids first .
I do n` t think you`re hearing me , Leslie !
Pardon me ?
This is n` t like returning your Cuisinart to target .
Exactly .
Exactly .
You do n` t have a 90-day grace period .
These are children .
I` m agreeing with you .
Once you sign ...
So why should there be a grace period at all ?
Once you sign the papers , there should not be a return period , as it were , in any way .
I` m saying consider very carefully before you sign the papers so that , once you sign the papers , it` s final .
And you need to be putting the benefit of the children first , as painful as it may be for you .
If you sign up for adoption , let them go .
Out to Brenda in Texas , hi , Brenda .
Hi , Nancy , I love your show .
Thank you .
I want to comment on the adoptive parents .
All I`ve heard about are the biological parents .
I` m an adoptive mother of two .
We go through so much , and we put and invest so much time , and it tears me apart .
And I understand the lady` s point of view , but I just want to comment on the adoptive parents , what they go through .
