I would not have used that language .
I mean , personally , I 'm even on the fence about the question of -- of gay marriage .
I think , though , that something like -- because , clearly , everyone agrees this is a ploy .
It 's -- you know , it 's an attempt to have a political stunt , get some headlines .
I -- I do n't know .
I find it almost counterproductive .
I think the way to do it is , you know , to have -- let things take time .
I think things will run their course .
I think that , if you have civil unions now ...
OK .
You say take the course , which brings us to our third point tonight .
Civil unions now , bring the public along .
Public change does not happen overnight .
That 's right .
But , sometimes , it takes radical actions ...
But it should n't be on a ballot either .
It should not be on a ballot .
Let me just say , a man and woman and children stabilize society .
When you have two women and two men trying to be ...
Let me ask you this .
The defense of marriage , is it hypocritical , because , really what it is , is n't it , it 's that traditionalists are afraid that , if there is a change in traditional marriage , it will disappear ?
Is n't that really it ?
Is n't it fear ?
Well , one thing , for sure , they do want to wipe out this idea that a marriage is between one man and one woman .
But the mistake is , when we take that out , society will fall apart .
You know , God created ...
Why does society fall apart ?
God created this ideal marriage .
And he did n't just wake up one day and say : You know what ?
Let me create a marriage .
The image of marriage is the ideal of God .
And there is no plan in his idea that two men ...
No.
The idea of God is a loving family .
... that two men and two women should have a family , because it is not a family .
Otherwise , he would have done it that way .
Let her respond .
The idea of God is a loving family .
There is no scientific information that says that a child is better off with having a father and a mother or having two mothers or two fathers .
As a matter of fact , there 's an advantage to having two mothers and two fathers .
There 's no advantage .
No, no , no .
No, that 's ridiculous .
Because you have a village that ... ( CROSSTALK)
... four parents to go to ask for one of them to give you a clearance to do something you want to do .
You have got that as well .
I think this is a good point with which to wrap .
Children need a father and a mother to learn from .
Stay with me .
We have so much more to talk about tonight .
Over in England , an ancient form of bigotry is out in the open again -- coming up , new victims of anti-Semitism and what 's fueling the hatred .
And later : a professor 's claim that racism is out in the open at one of this country 's most prestigious universities .
