Welcome to " The Real Story . "
I have been home sick for the last couple of days -- I know , stop the applause .
It gave me time to do some thinking .
I thought a lot about Iran .
I thought a lot about Anna Nicole and her poor , little baby .
But most of all , and I hate to admit this , but I`ve got this growing feeling that our government is just not being honest with us anymore .
Everywhere I turn , every level , I feel like I` m being lied to , that there` s nobody in government that I can trust .
I hope I` m alone in that .
It` s not just one issue .
It` s almost all of them .
They`re all starting to tie together for me .
And I guess there` s nothing that illustrates it better than the border issue .
Like most people in America , I have been so outraged with what has been happening , or I guess more appropriately what` s not been happening , on the border .
With the immigration debate , it has been confusing , but that` s not even enough .
It has just never made any sense .
Why are we selling out our own security ?
More importantly , who are we selling out to ?
Then yesterday , I had one of those " Jerry Maguire " moments .
I woke up in the middle of the night , and it hit me all at once , something that I had seen on television .
The real story tonight ?
The real story is , the answer has been right in front of our eyes the entire time .
But it took a statement from the president in a press conference yesterday that I saw on a completely unrelated issue to bring it all together .
Listen to this .
Let` s put it this way : money trumps peace sometimes .
In other words , commercial interests are very powerful interests throughout the world .
Money trumps peace ?
Do n` t think so .
Money trumps everything .
It felt like that` s what he wanted to say .
You ca n` t explain it any more clearer than the president just did .
I want you to keep those words in mind as I tell you two unbelievable immigration stories that both make perfect sense to me now .
First , we have that Bank of America story .
The ad wizards over there have decided that illegal immigrants would make a nice niche market for a new credit card program .
Gee , how do you reach that market ?
I mean , you ca n` t exactly buy an undocumented worker e-mail list , right ?
No, turns out you do n` t have to .
All you have to do is use one key phrase in your advertising that appeals most to that market .
Ready for it ?
No Social Security number required .
And that is exactly what the Bank of America is doing .
Of course , now they`re just claiming , " Oh , we`re just trying to help . "
Let me give you this quote : " These people , they`re coming here for quality of life , and they deserve somebody to give them a chance to achieve that . "
Stop it .
You`re breaking my heart .
But guess who made that heartfelt plea ?
It was the Bank of America` s director of Latin America card operations .
Now , what do you suppose his interests are , the quality of life for the immigrants , or squeezing every last drop of money out of the Hispanic market ?
Money trumps peace .
