Ready for the saddest story of my whole life ?
I`d love to hear it .
I was asked that question by a doctor and clergyman and they said to me do n` t you want to live for your children and I only had one child at the time and I said no , no , really , I do n` t because if I die , my wife will marry some accountant from her church .
I will be a fond memory to my daughter and she will be raised by a real live human being instead of whatever it is I`ve become .
So as a result we can look towards , as I mentioned , you know , as I mentioned some of these young starlets , we look at Lindsay Lohan that has just been in and out of rehab .
Solid chance that she would not be acknowledging this as something that may befell her .
It comes down to invincibility , does n` t it ?
It does .
It comes down to , A , a feeling of invincibility but also drug addicts have a tendency to look at other drug addicts like they are stupid .
You look at somebody just like you , I could have been looking in the mirror at myself in the mirror ten years ago and said what an idiot , you do n` t see it .
There` s not a chance in the world that Lindsay Lohan or Britney Spears who could almost be Anna Nicole` s double and there` s no chance in my opinion that she` s saying wow , that could have been me .
She is saying , that would n` t be me in a million years .
Do you get the impression that Anna Nicole herself ever looked in the mirror and had any sense of what was actually going on in her life ?
Yeah .
I do .
I know there were times that I would look in the mirror and I would say - I would look in the mirror and I`d almost see the kid from " The Partridge Family " and I`d look in the mirror and say , how did you let this happen to us ?
We were something .
How did we deteriorate into this ?
But unfortunately the answer to those feelings is usually in another bottle .
So short of taking them aside and having an intervention , again , going back to the Hollywood starlets , whether it` s Britney , Lindsay , Paris , Nicole , whoever it may be , how do you make them understand ?
How do you make them understand ?
Look at the headlines in this newspaper .
Look at what happened to this woman who on a lot of fronts looked like she had it all .
We all know what the reality was of that but how do you make them understand and apply it to themselves ?
Well , I will tell you , I have only seen - and I applaud this guy , and I wish I knew his name and I do n` t but do you remember when Lindsay loan was staying at the Mondrian Hotel and her boss from the movie she was shooting with Jane Fonda said listen , you do n` t keep Jane Fonda waiting when you are 19 .
Your behavior is unacceptable .
We will not work with you like this .
Nobody does that in Hollywood .
