That 's a really sad story .
Let 's turn now and talk a little bit about business news .
Miller wants beer drinkers to chill out .
Twenty-five minutes past the hour .
That means Stephanie Elam is " Minding Your Business . "
Hey , Stephanie .
Good morning .
Hi , Soledad .
That 's exactly it .
Miller Brewing is now going to start selling cerveza , as it turns out .
What 's going on here , next month they 're going to start selling -- or actually , I should say testing a beer that 's flavored with lime and salt in a few parts of the country .
Specifically targeting Latino areas .
And it 's calling it a modern American take on a Mexican classic .
It 's a low-calorie beer called Miller Chill .
And it 's modeled after a popular style of Mexican beer called Chelada .
Now , it 's going to compete against other light beers , and it will be tested in Florida , Texas , Arizona , New Mexico , and in San Diego as well .
They 're hoping to expand nationwide eventually .
Now , moving on from there to a story about $ 6 million , it 's about poker , actually .
It 's a dispute that has finally been settled and it has to do with this man named Jamie Gold , who won $ 12 million after winning the World Series of Poker main event last summer .
He was then sued by Bruce Crispin Leyser , who is a television producer , actually , who claimed that Gold had promised him half of the money if he won .
Now , Gold probably did not think he was actually going to win .
The odds were totally against him .
He 's not a pro when it comes to poker .
And on top of it , 8,700 people were enrolled in this event overall .
But now Gold has said that he has paid up .
We do n't know , however , if he paid the exact full $ 6 million , but apparently both sides are happy about how things turned out .
So I guess even if you do n't think you 're going to win , keep your mouth shut so you can keep your money .
That 's the takeaway from that .
There are so many instances where that takeaway is relevant .
And it has -- I mean , I think a Chicago Bears player just went through that , too .
So you 've got to be careful about what you say if you do n't mean it .
You know ?
Because you think you 're not going to win .
Yes .
The next thing you know , someone is suing you and you 're getting calls from lawyers .
And they 'll call .
They 'll remember .
Yes , they will .
That 's why they 're lawyers .
All right .
Stephanie Elam for us this morning .
Thanks , Stephanie .
ELA
Sure .
A look at the top stories of the morning are coming up next , including a developing story out of Iraq .
Another U.S. helicopter has been shot down -- is down .
Was it shot down , is the question now .
We 're going to bring you the very latest on that story .
And after his stunning fall from grace and three intense weeks of rehab , we 'll tell you what Pastor Ted Haggard now says is his next move .
He 's got a completely heterosexual life , we 're told .
