A missing child poster is only as good as the picture on it , but pictures are , of course , snapshots in time .
The challenge for investigators is to update the images as time goes by .
During the four years that Shawn went missing , forensic artists had to guess what he looked like as he got older .
How close did their drawings come ?
Well , see for yourself .
Here 's CNN 's Tom Foreman .
When Katelyn Rivera-Helton disappeared in Pennsylvania in 1999 , she was 1-year-old and looked like this .
Now , eight years later , forensic artists think she might look like this .
At the National Center For Missing and Exploited Children , they have many so-called age-progressed photos .
And Larry Bonney hopes you will take a hard look whenever you see one .
The trick is that , if you live next door to this child , or you have this child in -- in your grade school class , and you 're a schoolteacher , and then you see the age-progressed photograph , that may ring a bell , and say , boy , that looks an awful lot like Jimmy .
Be thorough .
Just take your time .
FOREMA
Drawing a child who has been missing for years depends on precise knowledge of human growth and genetics .
Artists typically look at pictures of the missing child 's relatives .
If a child is taken at 2 , and they are now 10 , they will get pictures from the family at age 10 .
Of mom and dad ?
Mom , dad , yes , of , you know , blood relatives .
Immediate family is what they are looking for , assuming that genetic traits will remain fairly constant as the child grows .
Look at Shawn Hornbeck from when he disappeared at the age of 11 , four years ago .
To age his image , artists first considered typical adolescent growth patterns .
They made his face longer , his hair and eyebrows darker .
The eyes , themselves , somewhat more narrow .
His nose was lengthened and his cheekbones were made more prominent .
His mouth was drawn a little wider .
His chin made more distinct .
It 's all blended , and this is how forensic artists thought Shawn would look at 15 .
And here he is .
In the end , all of this is a little bit about science , a little bit about art , and a lot about math , about simply improving the odds that a missing child will be spotted .
We want to keep these kids out there in front of the public .
The children need to have people looking for them .
And that 's a need that does not change , even as years pass .
Tom Foreman , CNN, Washington .
Well , Shaw n 's family never stopped looking for him .
Now that he 's home , he faces the challenge of reclaiming his life .
Ed smart knows what that 's like .
His daughter , Elizabeth , faced the same challenge .
My interview with him is just ahead .
Also , the agony of unanswered questions .
Four o'clock , the bus came and we heard it .
And she just never came up the driveway .
Like Ben Ownby , her daughter got off her school bus , but never made it home .
That was 20 years ago .
Her story , when this special edition of 360 , " Taken : Children Lost and Found , " continues .
( COMMERCIAL BREAK)
