All night long .
Um , oh , what a feeling when we 're dancing on the ceiling .
Wait .
Is that the wrong Lionel Richie song ?
And life is like a song .
And we 'll share tomorrow together .
May I touch your hand ?
Well , I left a good job in the city , working for the man every night and day .
These final hours , I will lay down my heart ...
OK .
That was very good .
Yes .
We 're back .
Justin Guarini , Kimberly Caldwell , Ace Young and Bucky Covington remain .
Joining us from New York now is Sarah Goldberg .
She auditioned for this season 's " American Idol , " was not sent to Hollywood .
Sarah , I understand you went to the auditions to support a friend who was a serious singer and you decided to audition on a whim , on a whim , right ?
What happened to your friend ?
SARAH GOLDBERG , AUDITIONED FOR THIS SEASON 'S " AMERICAN IDOL , " REJECTE
She did n't make it .
And ...
And neither did you .
Well , no , but I made it a little while , you know ?
I...
You sure did .
All right , let 's take a look at your appearance on the " American Idol " audition show .
This is Sarah Goldberg .
Til tomorrow , I 'll be holding you tight and there 's nowhere in the world I 'd rather be .
I think you do n't have to sing to be an American Idol .
I really do n't .
This is a singing competition .
It 's not a competition of like trying to find the best person that ca n't sing but really wants to .
But I could be the only American Idol who has never sang before .
Hey , I ca n't sing either .
Look at this ! I 'm unique !
Whoooo!
Just because we do n't have a million dollars and we do n't have singing deals does n't mean that we do n't have lives and it does n't mean that we do n't have important things in our lives .
Sarah , Goldberg , do you still feel the same way ?
Hey , yes .
You know , they were really rude to us , that I actually -- if you count the time that I spent at the big arena in East Rutherford , New Jersey and then coming back for two rounds of auditions , I was actually there for 35 hours for those five minutes on -- on camera .
And , you know , that 's ridiculous .
Do you think you were treated poorly ?
Yes .
You know , I do n't think that they were nice to me .
But I mean I 'm -- I 'm not a singer .
Like this was just for fun .
Well , why would an admitted non-singer want to go into a competition for singers , which is the number one rated show in the country ?
What would you add to that if you ca n't sing ?
Well , you know , I just tried out because I came to support a friend and I figured I 'm up at 4:30 in the morning , I might as well try out .
And they put me through because they thought I was funny .
And , you know , I have to tell you , I got suckered in .
That it 's pretty intense when you 're in this room .
You have a lot of stress on you and , you know , I kind of bought into the whole mentality , which is kind of ridiculous because I 'm not a singer .
