That brings us to the subject of our poll tonight : should vaccinations against the STD Human Papilloma Virus be mandated for sixth-grade girls across the country in your opinion ?
Yes or no , please cast your vote at loudobbs.com .
We 'll have the results for you here later in the broadcast .
Time now take a look at some of your thoughts .
Bonny in Illinois said : " I read with disgust the president 's comments regarding CEO compensation .
He said that it should be tied to the value provided to shareholders .
Does n't this mean more of the same , companies so concerned about the shareholders that U.S. workers are forgotten ? "
And Barbara in Ohio : " Bush lives in an upside-down world .
Sending Border Patrol Agents to jail , presidential pardons for drug dealers , billions for Iraq , tax breaks for the rich , cut benefits and services for the poor and aged , with reductions in Medicare and Medicaid .
Upside-down "
And Delores in Texas : " We knew this would happen -- Ignacio Ramos , former Border Patrol agent , was recognized and beaten by other inmates on Saturday .
What a travesty of justice for this man . "
Send us your thoughts to loudobbs.com .
More of your thoughts coming up here later in the broadcast .
Each of your whose e-mail is read here receives a copy of my book , " War on the Middle Class " .
Up next here , new legislation on Capitol Hill aimed at protecting America 's struggling middle class .
We 'll have that story , tell you all about it .
And arctic temperatures from the northern plains to New England have taken a deadly toll .
We 'll have the very latest and the weather forecast for the nation upcoming .
Stay with us .
A love triangle has an elite NASA astronaut facing attempted murder charges tonight .
The astronaut took off on a wild 900-mile dash across the country to confront the woman she thought was her rival in that triangle .
The astronaut , Lisa Nowak , is free tonight on $ 25,000 bail facing charges of attempted murder .
And now Kyung Lah with a report for us from Orlando , Florida -- Kyung .
Well , Lou , bond was posted just a short time ago , about an hour ago .
And that 's when Lisa Nowak , a NASA astronaut , did least jail here .
Let 's give you a look at her as she is departing the jail .
She was surrounded .
She was the center of this throng of cameras and reporters .
Her head was covered and then she slipped into a car and left .
This was after her second hearing of the day , when she was charged with attempted first-degree murder .
For the second mine a day , NASA astronaut Lisa Nowak faced charges , this one far more serious .
Murder was the plan .
And it just was not able to be carried out .
In the charging affidavit , Orlando police say Nowak was carrying a black duffel bag .
They say she approached an apparent romantic rival , Colleen Shipman , in a parking lot at Orlando Airport .
Authorities say the bag contained a steel mallet , a Buck knife with a four inch blade and a bb gun that resembled a 9 millimeter .
Nowak 's attorney told the court the physical evidence does not mean Nowak had intent to kill .
