She certainly could .
Explain how it would work , Jason .
I` m not even going to go that route of crime of passion .
I` m not going to even approach it from that end .
I` m going to go with her mental ...
OK , you do it , then , Randy .
Hit it .
A loss of control .
It` s not insanity , it` s not excluding criminal responsibility , but it is explaining at some level why it is someone does what they do , and it lessens the degree of culpability .
OK .
Putting it in a nutshell -- gee , you`re kind of sounding like a lawyer , Randy Zelin and Jason Oshins .
Crime of passion boils down to manslaughter .
When you are angry or acting out of immense emotional trauma , very often , the law will give you a pass on murder one .
I think Pat in Indiana is dead on .
If this goes to trial , I could see that happening , a crime of passion .
To you , Lucy in New York .
Hi , Lucy .
I` m a disabled veteran , and my curiosity is , was that computer she used on base or off base ?
You know , Lucy , I` m so happy you asked that -- to you , Jean Casarez -- because my question was , I read it was a government computer .
That` s right .
So there you have another crime possibly that could be charged against Lisa Nowak because this is a government computer .
We believe it was used by the Navy commander , the love interest in this , and she allegedly got e-mails off that computer .
The defendant had in her possession a black bag , which possessed a steel mallet , a buck knife that measured four inches in length , and a BB gun .
What we have up here is a desperate woman who wants to have a conversation with the other woman .
But she does n` t shoot her ; she does n` t stab her ; she does n` t do anything .
And there` s no evidence that she intended to do anything other than have a talk .
A NASA astronaut facing charges of attempted murder .
Over what ?
A man . That` s right , over a love triangle .
According to prosecutors , Lisa Nowak drove 900 long miles to confront her love object` s girlfriend .
Out to you , Bob Hazen with 580 WDBO , why is the love object , Oefelein , why is he on paid leave ?
He actually took that leave on his own , according to NASA .
He came out here to Florida , to the Kennedy Space Center , and has been talking with officials out there .
And also we`ve learned that an Orlando investigator has gone out to the Kennedy Space Center and met with Mr. Oefelein , as well , trying to sort out what actually went down here and trying to put together a little bit better picture of this relationship .
Interesting .
To you , Andrea Macari , clinical psychologist , Dr. Macari , does it change the dynamic , when people work together in a very high-stress job , like in an emergency room , or overseas in Iraq , or in battle in Vietnam ?
How does that change the dynamic between them ?
Well , anytime you have an emotionally charged work environment , you`re going to have very intense passion that goes back and forth .
However , Nancy , William has never come out saying that he had a relationship with this woman , so I do n` t see any evidence to suggest that her fantasy that they were involved really is based in reality .
