Real quickly .
I covered the Clinton administration .
I totally agree with Howard .
I generally believe that children of presidents and vice presidents are off limits , and we should n't get into that .
And we certainly honored the privacy of Chelsea Clinton .
I was a White House correspondent ...
Right .
... for seven-and-a-half years during the Clinton administration , and we left Chelsea Clinton alone .
She was a little girl at the time , in elementary school , and then in high school .
But -- but Mary Cheney , obviously , is an adult , and has been open about this , wrote a book about it .
And , as a result , I -- I did n't think it was an inappropriate question .
Wolf Blitzer and Howard Kurtz , thank you .
Appreciate your time tonight .
Even though it 's only been a month , it seems like the holidays are long gone , but not for a rabbi who has been flooded with hate mail .
Find out why he 's the target of so much intolerance .
Also ahead :
There are just great , great , great roles in great films that happen to have people of color in them .
Samuel L. Jackson says Hollywood is opening up to diversity on camera .
What -- but what is happening behind the scenes ?
We 're going to look for hidden intolerance .
Or is it out-and-outright racism ?
" Out in the Open " tonight : a religious controversy that you might have thought faded away weeks ago .
It is the battle that was raging on during the holidays over Christmas trees on display at Seattle 's airport .
A Jewish leader had threatened to sue because he wanted a single menorah added to the holiday decorations .
And , in response , officials took down all the trees .
Of course , the holiday is over .
The bad feelings , though , are n't .
And Jewish groups say they have received thousands of angry , hate-filled anti-Semitic letters and e-mails .
Dan Simon has that story for us tonight from Seattle .
We wish you a merry Christmas .
A lot of people lost sleep in Seattle .
We 're offended , because Christmas is a wonderful holiday .
It is not an offensive holiday .
It was last month , and the issue was the airport 's controversial decision to take down its Christmas trees a few weeks before Christmas Day .
It 's not very pretty around here without these trees .
And everybody wants them .
It all started when the local rabbi requested the airport put up an eight-foot menorah to go with the Christmas trees already there .
The airport refused , believing it would also require adding symbols from other religions , and the airport was n't prepared to do that .
UNIDENTIFIED FEMAL
Of course , there are prohibitions against religious displays .
When the rabbi and his lawyer presented airport officials with a draft of a lawsuit , they viewed it as a threat , and decided to remove the trees , rather than face legal action .
And that got the attention of the media .
I think I received more e-mail on this subject than any news story ever .
Any time you mix religion and controversy , you 're bound to have some angry responses -- no surprise there -- what was surprising , the tone and words some people used to express their opinion .
