Could be .
Maybe we will see that in the next issue of " O" magazine .
Step up your game .
Let me know when you get your copy .
Thank you very much .
I am going to ask you guys , of course , to stick around , because you 're our " Out in the Open " panel for the whole entire evening .
And we have lots more to talk about tonight .
A familiar New Orleans landmark now has a kind of sinister reputation .
Coming up , we will talk about what happened on the Danziger Bridge , and why it 's now become a lightning rod for allegations of police racism and brutality , and now out in the open .
Plus : Asian eyes , do you think they 're attractive ?
Coming up , we will tell you why some Asian women think they 're a handicap , and they are going to have surgery to change them .
We 're about to bring a surprising side effect of intolerance into the open tonight , one that you might not even know exists .
Millions of young Asian women have submitted to a startling form of plastic surgery , one that permanently alters the shape of their eyes , the better to be considered more attractive to many Americans .
Alina Cho followed one woman through the entire procedure to find out how it 's done and why .
Annie Cheng is 23 and beautiful .
She does n't think so -- yet .
Do you think you 're pretty ?
Not bad-looking .
I would n't say like really pretty , because my standard is , pretty should be having big eyes .
Annie 's features are typically Asian .
Her eyelids are very small , almost nonexistent , and that makes her eyes look small .
But all of that is about to change .
And that 's very unique to Asians .
Soon , she will undergo surgery to make the folds , or creases , in her eyes bigger , to create what 's known in the Asian community as double eyelids .
In general , I think double eyelids makes you look prettier and make your eyes look bigger .
The man who will perform this surgery is Dr. Charles Lee . Lee is an expert in plastic surgery for Asians .
Well , this surgery is to Asians what breast augmentations are to mainland Americans .
To better understand it , we had Dr. Lee take a look at my face .
First of all , I guess tell me how my features differ from Caucasian features .
Sure .
The most common or most obvious thing is the upper eyelid .
Lee says , my folds , or eyelids , are small .
LE
And some Asians have larger folds , which if you open your eyes , it might be something like that and this would be an Asian- appearing -- this would be an Asian with a larger fold than you have currently .
Caucasians have a fold maybe way up here .
What I would recommend for your eyes is put some stitches and set your crease slightly higher and then relax your brow down .
Set your crease a little bit higher so that you look -- your eyes look brighter .
By brighter , he means bigger which is exactly what Annie wants .
She wants to look a little like the Asian actresses she sees on TV and on the Internet .
