A stunning example tonight of the widening divide between this country 's wealthy elites and our middle class .
The CEO of Home Depot , Bob Nardelli , leaving his job but taking away $ 210 million .
Lisa Sylvester reports .
Home Depot began the year by cleaning house .
CEO Robert Nardelli parted ways with the company under a mutual agreement .
The chief executive has been under fire from shareholders .
The stock price is now lower than the day Nardelli walked in the door , despite the fact he collected more than $ 150 million in six years , with an annual bonus of $ 3 million .
Like a new breed of CEOs , Nardelli 's compensation package was virtually guaranteed and includes a platinum parachute of another $ 210 million .
He came in with a huge package that was guaranteed , and now he 's leaving with even a bigger package that 's guaranteed .
And in between , shareholders get very little return .
Congressman Barney Frank heads the House Financial Services Committee .
He 's pushing for legislation that would allow stockholders to vote on corporate compensation packages like Robert Nardelli 's .
It is excessive , particularly given the fact that they were firing him .
Other CEOs that have had a lucrative exit include Pfizer 's former CEO , Hank McKinnell .
He received $ 200 million .
Former Fannie Mae CEO Franklin Raines will receive a $ 1.5 million pension every year for life , plus stocks .
He was forced out for irregular company accounting .
Critics say these jumbo compensation packages are down right obscene when stacked against the wages of the average employee .
BOB WOODHOUSE , Americans UNITE
In the first two hours and two minutes of the first work day of the year , the CEOs at large companies in America , those with a billion dollars in revenue or more , will have already made more than a minimum wage worker will make for an entire year .
Shareholder groups are also pushing for more transparency .
Many executive compensation packages are kept a secret .
For example , Home Depot has named a new CEO but will not reveal his take-home pay .
Runaway executive pay is an issue that should receive more attention now that Democrats are in control of Congress .
They are concerned not only because of the disparity between the CEOs at the top and the average worker , but also because of the impact it has on workers ' pensions -- Lou .
And it 's an example , and unfortunately it is a gross example , where the SEC does have a legitimate ability here under law and regulation to inquire into whether or not the shareholders of Home Depot have actually been diminished as a result of the actions of the board which has permitted this pay and the failure of Nardelli to deliver anything remotely resembling shareholder value , which is often the Wall Street jargon to rationalize these obscene and excessive pay packages .
It 's remarkable .
Lisa , thank you very much .
Lisa Sylvester from Washington .
The AFL-CIO secretary-treasurer , Richard Trumka , had this to say about Home Depot 's pay-out to Nardelli : " Home Depot , " he said , "must take critical steps to ensure that working men and women who are interested in the company are not victims of runaway executive pay or options abuse . "
It seems way too late for that .
