But SHOWBIZ TONIGHT has been asking , Is an apology enough ?
Or should Isaiah lose his job for using an anti-gay slur ?
Joining me tonight from Hollywood , Neil Giuliano , the president of GLAAD.
He met face-to-face with Isaiah .
I appreciate you being with us , Neil .
Thank you , A.J.
Now , Isaiah` s use of this gay slur has certainly had people up in arms over the past few weeks .
What did he say at this meeting that you were at that specifically made you believe he is sincere about his apology ?
Well , he said he was sorry .
He said he realized the enormity of the mistake that he made , and that he wanted to make amends , and that the amends really would be determined by his actions more so than his words of apology .
And so we`re looking forward to working with him in the future and engaging him in some anti-gay bigotry work in this country .
Yes , I think the actions are going to be of the utmost importance in surviving his career , and - and just personally .
And I do n` t want to diminish the importance of this meeting .
It certainly was a start .
But - but we got to face it : you know , this of course was part of Isaiah doing what he had to do , to save his job .
Sure .
So...
Of course .
...do you feel confident , having been at the meeting , that it` s more than just posturing at this point ?
And - and - because , you know , whatever` s going on in Isaiah` s head obviously ca n` t be changed in the course of a meeting .
He seemed very genuine , and he seemed very authentic .
And - and I take that on face value as an opportunity for us to move forward .
The issue of his employment is - is an issue between him and his employer .
And obviously , there are a wide range of opinions and beliefs on - on that - in my own community , and probably in - in the broader community as well .
Well , let` s talk about that specifically , because we did poll our audience here at SHOWBIZ TONIGHT , to - to see if they thought that Isaiah was going to , in fact , be fired .
And I want you to look at this : it was split right down the middle , 50-50 .
Now in a lot of work places , there would n` t be any second chances ; you`re out of the door if you say something like what he said .
So if ABC does not let Isaiah go , I` m - I` m wondering what kind of message that that sends , and - and exactly where that line is .
Well , it` s an interesting question .
It` s one that a lot of people are going to grapple with .
We`ve heard from people on the one extreme , saying he should have been fired immediately .
We`ve heard from people who have said that GLAAD and - and others are making too big of a deal of the entire incident .
For us right now , as an organization that works on - on advocacy for anti-gay - against anti-gay bigotry in this country , it` s important for us to move forward and use this opportunity to educate other people about how hurtful and harmful that kind of language can be .
