There she is , CNN personal finance editor , Gerri Willis .
Thank you , Tony .
Gerri , good Monday to you .
Have a great day .
Good Monday to you , too .
Well , churchgoers in Ohio shocked by what happened during Sunday services .
You wo n't believe this .
That 's ahead in the NEWSROOM.
And American-made weapons , plus the conflict in the Middle East .
Did Israel violate U.S. rules ?
The issue ahead in the NEWSROOM.
You 're watching CNN NEWSROOM on CNN, the most trusted name in news .
Good morning , everybody .
You 're in the NEWSROOM on this Monday .
I 'm Betty Nguyen , in for Heidi Collins .
And I 'm Tony Harris .
Good morning , everyone .
We 're talking about New Orleans , we 're talk being recovery after Hurricanes Katrina and Rita , still agonizingly slow in much of New Orleans and parts of the Mississippi Gulf coast .
This morning , a Senate committee is holding a field hearing on the government 's response to the storm .
Our Gulf coast correspondent , Susan Roesgen , is with us now from New Orleans and Susan , we saw just a couple of moments ago , someone walked into the hearing room , clearly frustrated , and made his voice heard -- not necessarily a bad thing for the members of this committee to hear the frustrations of people in that region .
That 's very true , Tony .
But also , what this committee is going to be hearing from the witnesses , from the representatives of the federal agencies , may also be some frustration .
This particular gentleman who was inside , I followed him out as soon as the state police hustled him out of there .
I heard one of the state police officers say , Get the handcuffs , but the truth was they just pushed him out of there , shoved him into an elevator .
I grabbed him , I said , Who are you , who are you with , and he wound up on the street out here .
They did not arrest him .
His name is Happy Johnson .
He says he represents a new organization called BlanketNewOrleans .org .
He says that he was angry .
What he was trying to say there was -- to Senator Lieberman , Why wo n't you probe the White House in the same way that the 9/11 commission probed the administration 's actions before and after 9/11 ?
This was a gentleman who says that his group -- I have no idea how big it is , it may be just himself and a few friends -- but he says that he wants Senator Lieberman and others on this Senate Homeland Security Committee to do more to find out how the administration has failed in its Katrina response .
And in fact , Tony , that 's exactly what this group is here to do today .
They want to hold federal agencies accountable .
They want to find out about taxpayer money , how has it been spent and has it been spent wisely and efficiently .
This hearing is so packed that , if you look behind me , there 's a whole line of people waiting to get in .
They are not going to be allowed in unless more people come out .
It 's in the Louisiana Supreme Court courtroom , and it 's just packed .
And then you see just a handful of people with signs over there , a few protesters , a pretty mellow gathering .
Those signs say things like , Get out of Iraq , No more money for Iraq , Spend the money at home .
That 's the general tenor of the protests over there .
