The vice president , a possible witness for the defense .
Dick Cheney 's former chief of staff , Lewis Scooter Libby , on trial .
CNN 's Brian Todd is live now in Washington with details on this long and often complicated case .
Brian .
It has been , Heidi , and it will get even more complicated starting today .
This is the kind of political theater that this town just thrives on .
It involves , as you mentioned , Dick Cheney , his former chief of staff , Lewis Scooter Libby , and other top members of the administration .
It involves the justification for going to war in Iraq .
And an measure , it involves some top members of the national media .
Now the main protagonist , former Cheney chief of staff , Lewis Scooter Libby , arrived just a short time ago , entering the court for the first day of jury selection , which has actually just started .
It 's going on now .
Mr. Libby is charged with perjury , obstruction of justice and making false statements to federal agents .
This is concerning his knowledge of the status of former CIA covert agent Valerie Plame .
And it also has to do with Mr. Libby 's contacts with journalists , what he told them , when he spoke to them , about Plame 's identity .
All of that is germane to the charges he faces .
And you 've alluded to , Heidi , the highlight of this trial is going to be if and when the vice president , Dick Cheney , is called to testify .
The defense has indicated they will call Mr. Cheney to testify .
It 's unclear exactly when they will do that .
Not totally clear if they will , but they are expected to call him .
If he does testify on behalf of his former chief of staff , he will be the first vice president to testify during a political trial .
How politically charged is this case ?
Well , jurors right now are being asked questions about their political affiliation , what they think of Dick Cheney .
And here is one poll question that they are being asked : Based on what you know at this time , do you believe the administration misled the American people to justify going to war ?
It will be tough to pick a fair an impartial jury , especially in this town , because Democrats outnumber Republicans 9-1 .
They 're going through that process right .
Sixty potential jurors are in there being questioned .
This process is expected to take two about two or three days .
Opening statements next week in the trial should last up to about six weeks -- Heidi .
Boy , I find that question fascinating .
Is that what the trial is about ?
It really is .
It strikes to the core .
A broader question , beyond the guilt or innocence of Scooter Libby , is did the administration engage in a campaign to tarnish the reputation of Joe Wilson ?
He is Valerie Plame 's husband , who wrote a very critical column in July of 200 about the administration 's justification for going to war , essentially accusing the administration of twisting the intelligence .
And the question that this case may very well answer , is did the administration engage on a campaign to besmirch and to tarnish his reputation .
The defense and Mr. Libby claims they did not , that his statements that were misleading to investigators were simply misstatements , that he did n't mean to make them , that he misspoke because he was confused about dates and times , because he was distracted by national security matters .
So that 's their defense .
But the prosecutor , Patrick Fitzgerald , who 's a very tough prosecutor , is expected to argue in the other way , that there was this kind of campaign , And Libby was at the heart of it , and that he lied about his role in it .
