Mogadishu , often called the most dangerous city in the world , U.S. Diplomats and military officials were going to visit .
Thirteen years after the U.S. military left in the wake of the Black Hawk down disaster .
This trip had to be kept a secret .
The government was still fighting the Islamic militia .
Jendayi Frazer , the highest ranking diplomat for Africa led the team .
Rear Admiral Richard Hunt was providing security .
CNN was the only television network on the trip .
First , public stops in Ethiopia and Yemen .
But behind the scenes , a security nightmare was unfolding .
Hunt , the top commander in Africa , carefully chooses his words about the debate that burned up phone lines between Washington and East Africa .
We clearly took a look at the different options , a variety of sources , U.S. sources , our intelligence , our security assessments .
Gunfire was continuing to erupt across the city .
In the U.S. , there are long memories of Somalia .
The Pentagon was not going to put Americans on the ground without a way to rescue them .
The team had cash to pay for the loyalty of local gunmen .
But if there was trouble , the proposed rescue plan was a nightmare .
Two F-15s would fly overhead .
Rescue helicopters were on standby , and ready to fly again into Mogadishu .
Heavily armed U.S. troops would have been there to shoot their way out of town .
But the night before , just as Hunt was saluting the flag at sunset , word leaked .
Unfortunately , that plan was fairly , broadly exposed in the newspapers .
We had gotten the aircraft necessary to go in , but , again , when you start saying they 'll be on the ground for four hours on this day , it just became impossible .
Riots and shooting had broken out again in Mogadishu .
Ayman al Zawahiri was calling for attacks on foreigners .
Hunt knows he would have been the highest-ranking U.S. officer in Mogadishu in over a decade .
He is aware of the memories of dead Americans dragged through the streets .
But says it 's time to help the Somalia of today .
They have had 16 years of anarchy in Somalia , and it goes back to the Black Hawk down time frame .
And this is the best opportunity that they have had to rise above that .
Time does move on .
When the trip got cancelled , Somali officials came here to Kenya to meet with the U.S. delegation , in part to ask the Bush administration to send troops to Somalia , in order to help train their security forces .
Barbara Starr , CNN, Nairobi .
There 's severe weather and a developing story .
We 're getting more information , remember just awhile ago we were having a conversation with Jacqui Jeras over at the weather center about what 's going on with the weather .
She mentioned a place Coweta County .
The city there , for those of you familiar with the area , is just southwest of Atlanta , the city there is Newnan , and it 's being affected right now by this weather .
I 'm going to read to you what we 've just received now .
This is some wire about what 's going on there .
