So that he could go into a store and not only produce the credit card , but also the I.D. to go with it .
Riches bought this $ 6,000 four-wheeler , this $ 6,600 jet ski , and all this jewelry , including a $ 9,000 engagement ring for his girlfriend .
And I think there 's a certain adrenalin involved .
And Riches told me himself that he got a certain high from doing this .
He charged computers , cameras and clothes to sell on E- Bay .
He charged Western Union money transfers , using fake I.D.s to claim the cash .
And he charged cash advances with a cock and bull story in several banks .
One of the stories that he used was that , you know , they were on their honeymoon and they had to divert because his grandmother was ill and they needed the money to help care for medical expenses .
Riches scammed enough to pay cash for this house -- $ 107,000 -- with $ 37,000 more stashed inside .
This was a full-time job for him , and he worked very hard at it .
The scheme collapsed when a police officer in Houston noticed all those deliveries being made to the deaf residence .
He was suspicious and tipped off the FBI .
Jason Carpenter says , by then , he wanted out and agreed to cooperate .
I got tired of stealing .
I did n't want to hurt people .
I did n't want it to get out of control , but it already had .
When the FBI nabbed his partner , Jonathan Riches , the 26-year-old high roller was -- humbled .
Riches got very sick , very nauseous to his stomach and threw up several times .
Days later , in jail , Riches regained his confidence .
In a phone call to his parents , he was indignant about the FBI because , he said , he was only trying to make a living .
I bust my butt for four years and they took everything .
He wanted to lawyer up and plea bargain .
It 's just like how , you know , " Sammy the Bull " Gravano , you know -- he killed 17 people and he got five years in jail , because of the information that he gave , you know .
Riches figured he 'd get it down to 18 months in boot camp with the right lawyer .
RICHE
I want to present myself professional .
I do n't want to be just like a slouch that does n't have an attorney .
I want to be professional here .
Even with his plea bargain , Riches is serving 10 years in prison .
He declined our request for an interview .
Jason carpenter also pled guilty , but jumped bail before being sentenced .
Rearrested six months later , he was at it again .
He is now serving 17 years in prison .
The fraud totaled nearly $ 350,000 .
When we come back , how this man used stolen identities as a front to loot the bank accounts of some of Houston 's richest companies .
The case of the corporate coffers , when we continue .
Oyenoka Chikem ( ph ) Charles Osamor had a plan to get rich quick .
While some of his fellow Nigerians were stealing identities to drain personal bank accounts , Osamor realized they 're small fries compared to corporations .
