OK .
Well , raise your hand if you not running for president .
You and you and -- all right .
You know what I 'm saying .
It 's a crowded field as three new candidates jump into the 2008 race this weekend alone .
Here 's what they 're saying .
It will be a great contest with a lot of talented people , and I am very confident .
I 'm in .
I 'm in to win , and that 's what I intend to do .
I 'm declaring today my candidacy for president of the United States .
Today I 'm announcing the formation of a presidential campaign exploratory committee with a clear intention of declaring my candidacy for president in the very near future .
On February 10th at the end of these discussions in my home state of Illinois , I 'll share my plans with my friends , neighbors and fellow Americans .
CNN political contributor and Democratic strategist James Carville is endorsing Senator Clinton .
He joins us this morning from Chicago .
Nice to see you , James .
Good morning to you .
Thank you very much .
We got a lot of work out here for some young aspiring political consultants , do n't we ?
Let 's not take our moment to try to get people to come and work for you .
Let 's get right into our interview shall we .
I 'll begin with the positives .
Fundraising machine is what people say about Hillary Clinton , name recognition is virtually 100 percent , all big positives .
So you tell me what you think the biggest negative is for her .
Well , the biggest negative is it 's an awesome field that she 's up against .
I mean this is the most talented field ever put together by any party in the history of the United States to run for president .
Anybody that 's in this race , Senator Clinton included , is going to have to run an almost flawless campaign to get the nomination .
When you look at the polls -- and do n't tell me you do n't look at the polls as every political advisor tells me --
Of course I look at the polls ( INAUDIBLE ) tell you I do n't look at the polls , and I look at everything .
People always tell me they do n't look at the polls , but there 's a poll out there .
I never said that .
I know .
I know .
I 'm just joking with you .
And it says , it asks Democrats why , what reason , for what reasons they may not support Hillary Clinton and 29 percent said she ca n't win .
How big of a problem is that going to be for you ?
Well , at the same time there 's a poll because I look at the polls , says that she beats Senator McCain , so 29 percent of the people just need to look up and once this becomes aware , once everything unfolds , they 're going to see , obviously , that she can win .
I think whoever the Democrat is is going to win , but in one sense there 's one poll says you ca n't win .
There 's another poll that says that she 's a hit .
So all of that will flush itself out during the course of the campaign .
