The future of Iraq : someday the fighting will down and non-Iraqi troops will pull .
And then what ?
Well , Iraq 's fate will be determined in large part by a generation that 's known little except war and despair and has little hope for anything better .
CNN 's Cal Perry met some of the boys of Baghdad .
So , Abraham , yes ?
And your last name ?
I do n't have any last name .
My name is Abraham ( INAUDIBLE) .
Yes , I understand .
And you 're how old ?
16 .
16 .
When you were 12 years old , the Americans came to Baghdad , yes ?
Yes .
What do you remember about that day ?
I do n't remember anything , because I -- yesterday I see like boy is killed , another boy .
Here is no good .
Here is no good .
Since the Americans came , no good ?
No good .
Let me ask you this .
Before the -- before America , during Saddam , better or worse ?
Saddam was good .
You were sad to see Saddam die ?
Yes .
Are you Sunni or Shia ?
It 's not your problem .
It 's not your problem .
It does n't matter .
The only thing , Muslim .
Muslim .
Iraqi .
( INAUDIBLE) .
Iraqi .
Has that been lost in all of this ?
Yes .
( INAUDIBLE) .
But before ?
Did n't matter .
No.
Do you remember life under Saddam or do you remember only war ?
Yes , I remember that was nice .
You remember life under Saddam , he was nice .
Raise your hand if you 've lost a member of your family since the war began .
So , almost everyone here has lost family in this war .
Everyone
Everyone .
What is the future for Iraq ?
It 's not nice .
It 's no good .
It 's not good .
No, no .
Do you think there 's hope ?
No, nothing there .
Straight ahead in the CNN NEWSROOM , he wins the city 's heart and the lifelong gratitude of a young man 's family .
Even though Wesley Autrey does n't want you to call him a hero after his daring subway rescue , the NEWSROOM begs to differ .
Morning , talk shows , " David Letterman " and in between , a medal from the mayor at city hall .
Wesley Autrey is the man of the hour -- many hours , you can say , in New York City .
The 50 year-old construction worker and father of two is being called the " Subway Superman " after serving the life of a student who had fallen in the tracks in front of an oncoming train .
I 'm like , if somebody do n't do something , this guy is going to be dismembered or he can lose his life .
And I 'm looking around , and I notice I 'm the only one to do it .
We was on that platform and all these people seeing this guy go into a fit and only three people out of maybe 80 or 75 people -- come on now , you know what I 'm saying , and we have guys and girls overseas dying for us to have our freedom .
We 've got to each other show love .
Autrey 's young daughters witnessed their father 's heroism .
They were also on hand today when Mayor Michael Bloomberg gave Autrey the city 's most prestigious award for civic achievement .
