Because , if this plan works , he 's got to send Iraqi forces and U.S. forces , for example , into Sadr City , which is this Shiite stronghold .
Muqtada al-Sadr , this 29-year-old radical Shiite cleric who hates the United States , he 's going to have to crack down on him .
Well , as Maliki has said , Sadr is not going to run this country , as Maliki has committed to the president and to others that the rules of engagement , which were impeding our progress there , will be changed .
So , what you 're saying , so much hinges on Nouri al- Maliki , the prime minister of Iraq ?
MATALI
Being able to deliver .
And here 's what 's different here .
There are -- call them timetables .
Call them benchmarks .
Call them whatever .
We will be able to know sooner , rather than later , if Maliki can indeed deliver on the commitments he 's made to the president .
Because I was told today , the president 's patience is not unlimited when it comes to this guy .
Well , he ca n't -- they ca n't do without us .
But we ca n't do it without them .
It has to be theirs to do .
But we ca n't put them in a position where they ca n't succeed .
And we have been doing that .
But this new mission , it 's -- people keep talking about the surges , if it 's just a matter of numbers .
The surge is merely a tactic to support a strategy that expands supporting the population , protecting the population , so the population can , in turn , isolate the insurgents .
The enemy continues to be the Sunni insurgents who want to tear down this democratically elected government .
But there 's also Shiite death squads that are clearly an enemy of the United States as well .
Who are -- who have risen up , starting about a year ago , after the mosque bombing in Samarra , because they 're -- and they have turned it into -- responded as the Sunni insurgents wanted them to , enabled by al Qaeda , to protect Shias .
When Maliki shows that we are able to protect the Shia in these joint operations -- we 're staying , we 're holding , we 're building -- then he will have a tool , a political tool , to go back to the Sadrs and the Shia militants , and say , we can do this .
As you know , a lot of Democrats are opposed to this increase in U.S. troops , but , increasingly , Republicans speaking out as well .
Gordon Smith , Republican of Oregon , listen to what he said today .
We have done 20,000 before .
It has made no difference , because the Iraqis whom we have trained have simply not shown up for the fight .
You agree with him on that ?
They have n't shown up for the fight in the past .
Well , it 's -- this is -- again , it 's a fundamentally different mission .
It 's a departure from the current light foot , where we were putting them in positions unable to be able to succeed .
The way Senator Smith and others are describing the surge , or the additional troops , is different from what the president 's going to say tonight .
This is not just additional troops .
It 's how they 're deployed .
It 's the -- how they 're positioned .
It 's how they 're working .
It 's that they 're staying .
