Back to you -- Miles .
T.J. Holmes in Atlanta .
Thank you -- Alina .
Cold weather causing big problems for fruit growers in California .
Twenty-six minutes after the hour .
Ali Velshi " Minding Your Business . "
You know , we 've been paying attention to the middle of the country so much , did n't realize California is so cold .
Yes .
Well , the weather has sort of just been messing up folks all over the country .
Unless you 're running a ski resort in the Rockies , in which case you 're doing fantastically , if you 're growing avocados or oranges , any kind of citrus fruit in California , it 's been so cold that this is a big problem .
Avocados , by the way , ca n't freeze at all .
So the cold weather has really affected the avocado crops .
But with citrus , what it does is it freezes up .
It sort of bursts the juice inside , so it dries up the fruit .
Now , it can handle a little bit of cold weather , but there 's been a little more cold weather that it can handle .
So it wo n't be clear for another 10 days to two weeks whether they 're just going to have to get rid of this entire crop or not .
Back in 1998 there was a bad crop because of cold weather .
It cost about $ 700 million to the industry .
And people who are looking at it now are comparing it to then .
So we 're talking about hundreds of millions of dollars of damage to the citrus industry in Florida ( sic ) .
There 's also the issue of grapes , where grapes are freezing in some places .
You meant California , right ?
Yes .
I 'm sorry , I meant California .
Thank you for correcting that .
There are places where they make ice wine where it has n't been cold enough to make the ice wine .
And there are places where they make regular wine where it 's been so cold that they 're able to turn the regular wine into ice wine , which can be very profitable sometimes .
What is this ice wine , anyway ?
Yes .
Ice wine is a dessert wine .
It 's a very sweet , sweet dessert wine .
It 's made with -- the grapes have to freeze for , I think , three days or something like that .
I see .
Those places are n't getting it .
So it 's -- I mean , this weather , come spring , when we look back at whether it 's agriculture or sports or skiing to see what this winter has done , is going to be an interesting story , not to mention oil prices .
All right , Ali .
Thank you very much .
All right .
Thank you , Ali .
Have a good one .
Coming up on the program , what will Democrats in Congress do about the president 's Iraq troop surge ?
We 'll ask New York congressman Charlie Rangel about that .
He 's pushing for a return to the draft , among other things .
And an emotional family reunion in Missouri , to say the least .
Two boys home again after being kidnapped , one of them for years .
We 'll talk to the host of " America 's Most Wanted " about ways to keep your kids safe .
