How 's that for spin ?
Channeling !
This is beyond the channeling his energy , I believe .
Yes , he 's got some issues .
But that 's my parenting style .
ALL right .
Attention , Marshal shoppers , your information may have been stolen .
It 's 25 minutes past the hour .
Ali Velshi is " Minding Your Business " .
Good morning , Ali .
Miles and Soledad , we should hire that kid to be CNN 's travel reporter .
I want to know how he gets through all that stuff .
I ca n't get through it with my own ticket and name .
TJX companies , this is Marshals , as you said , TJ Max , AJ Wright , Home Goods , and if you 're in Canada , Homes Sense Stores , systems were hacked .
They discovered it in late December , they tell us .
But the hacking goes back all the way possibly to 2003 .
It 's related to debit cards and credit cards that were used to return merchandise to any of these stores .
So , if you have been at these stores and returned anything since 2003 , you might want to check your credit card statements to see if anything is unusual on them .
Here 's what it is .
Initial reports suggested that up to 40 million credit card holders could be affected by this , or debit card holders , could be affected by this .
We talked to TJX to try and get some details on it .
We got a remarkably unclear statement from them .
It says : " We have been able to identify a specifically identify a specific number , substantially less than millions of credit card holders , whose information was accessed and/or removed from our system . "
" Substantially less than millions " ?
That could be two , could be a million , who knows .
You do n't have liability because the credit card companies protect you .
If it is a debit card it is linked to your checking account .
That may be a different issue .
However , obviously , if somebody has your credit card information that could lead to identity theft or identity fraud .
The FBI and U.S. attorney 's office is investigating .
TJX says it is informing customers of the matter .
That 's a pretty big one .
It is " substantially less than millions " , but it 's big , Miles .
Right .
So , there 's either two letters going out right now , or a million .
Or -- yes .
I shop there .
I 'll let you know if I get a letter .
Thank you .
I 'll take my own count .
Top stories of the morning are coming up next .
We go inside the GOP revolt against the president 's plan for Iraq .
Republican Senator Chuck Hagel will join us .
Plus , we 'll go behind the wheel at winter driving school .
We will get some important tips to keep you safe when the roads turn dangerous .
You are watching AMERICAN MORNING.
The most news in the morning is right here on CNN.
In Missouri , authorities are adding more charges and reopening some cold cases as Michael Devlin prepares to face a judge .
Devlin due in court in a few hours to face the first of the charges that he kidnapped two boys .
But there are many more charges which may come .
Chris Lawrence has the latest .
Good morning .
CHRIS LAWRENCE , CNN CORRESPONDEN
