The United States started the new year by reaching a sobering milestone , 3000 killed since the beginning of the war in Iraq .
Army Sergeant John Michael Sullivan of Hickston , Tennessee is one who fell while serving his country .
He thought it was a good thing , what they were doing over and he just wanted to be with his friends .
Sullivan 's wife Michelle gave birth to their first son , John Michael Jr. just hours before her husband 's death .
He was scheduled to come home next week .
Sullivan was a member of the 2nd Battalion 2nd Infantry Division out of Ft .
Carson , Colorado .
His Humvee was struck by a roadside bomb in Baghdad .
He was just 22 years old .
Deaths from those roadside bombs , IEDs , are blamed for almost half of all combat deaths of U.S. military in Iraq .
We 're introducing a new THIS WEEK AT WAR department called " Weapons of War " and back now with us CNN military analyst Brigadier General James " Spider " Marks , U.S. military retired .
Spider , these IEDs are described as pure evil by the U.S. forces who encounter them every day and they come in different forms .
They sure do , John .
By definition , first of all what this is is an IED is a booby trap .
It 's a weapon of choice .
It 's not an alternative .
A lot of it is made out of military discards , old armaments from the Saddam Hussein years ?
Sure is .
Here is a graphic that will portray that .
Anti-tank weapon would n't be detonated by pressure , it would be command detonated .
You have got an artillery shell wrapped in concrete , so you can hide it on the side of the road , looks like a cinder block or a 500-pound bomb we 've got here that 's buried .
Again , all of those could be detonated in another of different ways , either hard wired or use of a cell phone or a garage door opener .
The troops that I was riding with were worried about these bombs but the ones they really fear is called EFP , explosive form projectiles or penetrators , shaped chargers is what they call it .
What are those all about ?
Those are directional , they are shaped .
Let me , very briefly on this graphic , this is where the projectile would occur .
It 's an explosive .
It has a conical shaped thing around it .
It 's metal .
When the explosive goes off , it collapses , and you now have formed , in essence a bullet and it 's going to move in the direction that you -- the way you shape it and aim that thing as you can see in these graphics right here .
And that 's designed as an armor penetrator ?
It is .
For example if a soft skinned vehicle , a Humvee went by , not up armored , this projectile would fly right through the thing .
It were to hit an a tank or an up armored Humvee you would have incredible damage because resists penetration .
Its the force from that bullet hitting the metal .
It is .
Yes .
I 've read that they can go through six inches of armor , three feet of concrete .
