Mr. Bush 's latest budget did put aside the money that was needed .
The House even passed legislation on it in September .
So close .
Then it stalled in the Senate , and died .
OK , back to last year .
I propose to make permanent the research and development tax credit to encourage bolder private sector initiatives in technology .
Again , in the last days , of the last Congress , the tax credits were extended for a year .
Not made permanent like the president wanted .
Tax credits that could disappear next year are n't much incentive to business , which needs to take a longer view of its investments .
Next ?
We will also fund additional research in cutting-edge methods of producing ethanol , not just from corn , but from wood chips , and stalks , or switch grass .
VELSH
Funding ?
Some .
Progress on making ethanol from anything other than corn ?
No.
And now that America is all about the corn , it 's getting expensive .
One more thing .
I propose to double the federal commitment to the most critical basic research programs in the physical sciences over the next 10 years .
Among other things , that plan called for training 70,000 high school teachers for advanced placement courses in math and science , to make sure America has the minds to continue to develop and invent .
The House did add the necessary spending to several bills , but with no big push behind them , the Bush plan never made it into law .
Oh , well .
He did say 10 years , so maybe it will still happen .
May God bless America .
Ali Velshi , CNN, New York .
As we continue our fact check , we 'll have a closer look at the war in Iraq , coming up next .
Comparing what the president said last year to the reality on the ground this year .
White House Press Secretary Tony Snow will be with us live very shortly .
We 'll ask him what we can expect tonight .
And Senator Hillary Clinton will also be with us live .
We 'll hear what she 's saying now that she 's a presidential candidate .
You 're watching AMERICAN MORNING the most news in the morning right here .
The State of the Union : The president prepares to address the nation , but what about what he promised last year ?
We 've got your fact check on Iraq , and we talk to the White House Press Secretary , Tony Snow , straight ahead .
A former first lady for president .
This little piece of history right there .
New York Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton joins the race and joins us live with her plans for America .
A developing story .
Hope in the search for a kidnapped mother and her four children .
We 've got those stories , and much more ahead on this AMERICAN MORNING
Welcome back , everybody .
It is Tuesday , January 23rd .
I 'm Soledad O'Brien .
I 'm Miles O'Brien .
We 're glad you are with us .
Happening this morning : Confirmation hearings today for David Petraeus .
He is the general tapped to lead the war in Iraq .
Petraeus to appear before the Senate Armed Services Committee .
If confirmed , he will succeed General George Casey , soon to be the new Army chief of staff .
