Wilson claimed that he was sent on his mission by the vice president .
But Martin described how Cheney tried to distance himself from Wilson , how the vice president personally dictated talking points for dealing with the press .
Her notes in evidence , telling her to say quote , " He did not travel at my request , do n't know him . "
She testified Libby told her to actually call the CIA to get names of reporters working on stories about Wilson , so that the vice president could direct a spin operation with Libby as the front man .
The intrigue at the White House is playing out in the course of this because it is generally so secret .
Martin 's story flies in the face of Libby 's defense which claims he was caught up in so many other issues , he did n't pay much attention to Wilson .
The bigger deal this was inside the White House , the less credible his explanation of mis-recollection becomes .
Libby is charged with lying about how and when he found out that Wilson 's wife , Valerie Plame , worked at the CIA .
Martin testified she told him in June of 2003 .
But Libby claims he did n't find out until a month later .
This is a case about deception .
This is a case about lies .
It is also a case that has most of Washington wondering what other secrets are about to be exposed .
Kelli Arena , CNN, Washington .
And now to the race for the White House '08 .
It looks like former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee is testing the waters for 2008 .
He 's expected to form a presidential exploratory committee next week .
That is seen as a crucial first step to making a run for the white house .
Former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani is on the campaign trail this weekend , laying what many see as the groundwork for his own presidential bid .
Giuliani is urging Republicans in New Hampshire to stand firm and support the war on terror .
It has been more than three years since Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton visited Iowa .
But this weekend she 's back .
And she has a full agenda .
The state holds its presidential caucuses about a year from now .
Seen by some as the Democratic front-runner , Clinton says she is in it to win .
When people tell me , you know , I do n't think a woman can be elected president .
I say I do n't know that but we 'll find out .
And when people tell me I do n't think America can really face up to its problems , deal with this new global environment , make the hard decisions , I say do n't you count us out .
We might not have had good leadership the last six years , but we 're still the best , most able , can-do country in the world .
Our Candy Crowley is on the campaign trail with Senator Clinton .
She will have a full report on her day in Iowa coming up in our next our at 5:00 p.m. Eastern .
And now to a flurry of new reports about a major international mystery , the poisoning of former Russian spy Alexander Litvinenko .
British media says investigators have identified a suspect and an everyday household item that may have been used in the killing .
Reporting from London , CNN International correspondent Alfonzo Van Marsh .
