John Murtha , Democratic congressman from Pennsylvania .
Congressman , thanks very much .
Once again , congratulations .
Thanks , Wolf .
Nice to talk to you .
Thank you .
And coming up right here in THE SITUATION ROOM , we have some new details of William Rehnquist 's addiction to painkillers .
We 're learning it was much more serious than people realized and that he even suffered from hallucinations .
Also , after more than a decade in power , Republicans are now the minority on Capitol Hill .
We 'll talk about it with Senator John Kyl .
He 's standing by to join us right here in THE SITUATION ROOM.
We 're getting word of a story involving the former president of the United States , George Herbert Walker Bush .
Let 's turn to CNN 's Fredericka Whitfield .
She 's joining us with details -- Fred .
FREDRICKA WHITFIELD , CNN ANCHO
Well , Wolf , we are learning that the 82-year-old former president has just undergone right hip replacement surgery .
According to an aid who tells our Suzanne Malveaux , this is the second hip replacement surgery that 's he 's had .
This procedure taking place just one day after you recall , just as in these pictures , he eulogized the former president , Gerald R. Ford in D.C. at the National Cathedral .
The former president , Bush , underwent the surgery yesterday and is said to be resting comfortably .
The Mayo Clinic , where this procedure took place , in Rochester , Minnesota , will not provide any other details .
But the aide telling our Suzanne Malveaux that his stay in Minnesota will be short -- Wolf .
We wish him a speedy recovery , as well .
We know that kind of surgery can be painful , the recovery process difficult .
We certainly wish him all the best .
Thanks , Fred , for that .
And to our viewers , you 're in THE SITUATION ROOM , where new pictures and information are arriving all the time .
Happening now , Democrats officially taking control of both houses of Congress .
And Nancy Pelosi making history as the first woman speaker of the House .
She says she accepts the gavel -- and I 'm quoting now -- "in the spirit of partnership , not partisanship . "
Also , Israel 's prime minister meeting with Egypt 's president , hoping to try to revive the peace process .
But their efforts are overshadowed by deadly developments in the West Bank .
We 're going to show you what happened .
And shocking revelations about William Rehnquist .
Newly revealed documents show the late Supreme Court chief justice suffered a serious , long time addiction to painkillers .
Did it impact his work ?
I 'm Wolf Blitzer .
You 're in THE SITUATION ROOM.
As the White House ponders what it calls a way forward in Iraq , President Bush today spoke with the Iraqi prime minister , Nouri Al- Maliki , for nearly two hours .
The White House says Mr. Bush did not reveal any forthcoming changes in war strategy .
Meanwhile , the fate of five security contractors hangs in the balance .
The four Americans and one Austrian were kidnapped in Iraq in November and recently shown in a videotape .
Today , the father of one of the American captives says he 's heartened his son appeared to have no injuries on the tape .
