Not at all .
Nothing .
You know , Hinduism is actually a very flexible religion .
Nothing is an obligation .
It is one 's own desire and fulfillment that one chooses to do .
There are many who may not do any of the pilgrimages , who just continue to offer their worship at home , and there are some people who would like to do lots of pilgrimages , including Kumbh Mela .
So there is nothing that compels that every Hindu must either visit Kumbh Mela or take a dip in any of these rivers .
And , yes , Hajj is also pilgrimage , but perhaps that is a little bit more on a different sector .
But among Hindus , it is something that one can choose to do or not to do .
Do you hope to do it some day ?
Yes , indeed .
I do hope to do it , yes .
Do you know anyone who has done it ?
Have they said much about it ?
I know a lot of people who have done it , and they just feel so elated .
They 're full of praise for it .
And they feel they come out as somebody new totally .
And the thing I tell you , in Hinduism , since the religion is so flexible and we deeply believe in our strong religious faith , just like democracy , if you go into these Kumbh Melas , it is nothing but -- it is exhibited spiritual democracy in the country , because you will see people of all walks of life , irrespective of cast , creed , languages or anything that they believe in , and they 're all there assembling just for one cause .
It does n't matter who they are , they listen to lectures , they listen to music they enjoy , and they can take a dip or they may just wash their feet in the River Ganges , but ultimately they feel they have achieved something which no amount of money or no amount of holiday vacations can bring them , and I think that 's what makes the spiritual fulfillment , yes .
Uma Mysorekar , of the Hindu Temple Society of North America , thank you so much for talking with us .
Thank you .
We take another break .
When we come back , there are a lot of other pilgrims who take different paths .
A chance to talk about that .
Stay with us .
An unusual pilgrimage to the local cemetery .
To mark the Day of the Dead , some Bolivians in Le Paz use an unlikely object of veneration , the human skull , an ancient tradition for the people of the Andes .
They believe humans have seven souls and one remains in the skull .
Welcome back .
The Bolivian tradition is unusual and yet entirely ordinary at the same time because millions of people make their own journeys to their own sacred places .
The locations differ and so do the trips themselves , but is the purpose the same ?
Phil Cousineau is author of " The Art of Pilgrimage : The Seekers ' Guide to Making Travel Sacred , " and he joins us now .
Thanks so much for being with us .
How many different pilgrimages are there ?
How many different religions revere pilgrimage ?
