But I 'm telling you T.J. , it is going to be a rough time to say the least in parts of the Midwest , namely up in Missouri .
You have to remember , the ice storm that they had earlier in the season has weakened many of those trees with many of the trees coated with ice and then with an additional inch expected as we make our way into the evening hours , into tomorrow , yeah , there are going to be widespread outages on top of the ones we already have .
And this storm system , which stretches all the way down into parts of the southern plains , now stirring up more snow , just in western Oklahoma , not far from ( INAUDIBLE) , all this drifting to the northeast as we speak .
We 're expecting freezing conditions all the way through , say , Austin , Texas , right along I-35 , they 're going to have some ice they 're going to be dealing with .
Certainly more ice in store for places like St . Louis , as well as Kansas City .
One place to avoid , all roads in St . Louis , but especially Missouri , I-44 , that 's going to be a huge issue later on .
And in terms of air travel , where you 'll have issues there , as well , all due to this immense storm system which stretches from Texas to the Great Lakes .
And a couple of delays you can anticipate for today will definitely be in St . Louis as well as Dallas due to the freezing conditions , Chicago , rain and snow , in Denver , the Mile High City , definitely going to have snow , as well .
Let 's take a departure from this and show you some great contributions that our viewers sent in on iReports .
These are some great pictures .
This has been sent in by Steffanie Jarvis out of St . Charles , Missouri , just right across the Missouri River .
This is a sight that we 're going to be seeing over the next couple of days , these big oak tree split , this one in quarters , due to the heavy ice .
We go from that picture to another picture that was sent in to us .
This one much farther to the south right along I-35 near Round Rock , Texas .
This was sent in by Glenda Konopka ?
Yeah , exactly , that 's her name .
Glenda , thank you so much for that great shot .
That is due to heavy rain that we had along I-35 , some hydroplaning and that truck went right up on the embankment .
That 's the latest we have for you .
It 's going to be a busy time .
If you 're able to send in pictures to us on iReports , simply go to CNN.com , see the link at the bottom of the screen and share them with us .
We 'll share them with everyone else .
Let 's send it back to you at the news desk .
Yeah , thanks to our iReporters and thanks to you , as well , Reynolds for keeping an eye on things .
Thanks a lot , man .
Thanks , buddy .
Well , it has been a busy weekend in the Bush administration as the president seeks support for his revised Iraq plan .
Now , yesterday the President Bush met with top Republican leaders at Camp David .
This week , Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice tours the Middle East .
Ambassador David Satterfield is a senior advisor to the secretary of state and he joins us now , live from Washington .
