But that 's all -- that 's all a bunch of noise .
I mean , what really is going to matter is over the course of the next year-plus , people will get a chance to look at the differences between the candidates on Iraq , on healthcare , on energy , the things that really matter for this country .
Edwards is due back in New Hampshire this week .
The state 's first-in-the-nation presidential primary is about a year away .
And remember there 's only one place to see the first presidential debates of the season live from New Hampshire on April 4th and 5th .
That is right here on CNN.
Straight ahead , Sharks , Jets , Bloods , Crips , Homies , Mijos ( ph ) .
The names may change , but the violent story is the same .
Up next in the NEWSROOM , two former gang members fight to keep others from signing on .
Musician and activist John Mellencamp is in Texas for the dedication of the Fisher House .
He 'll join us live from San Antonio with more on taking care of the troops who put their lives on the line .
That 's next , right here in the CNN NEWSROOM.
Hello , everyone .
Thanks for staying with us .
We 're here live at the CNN World Headquarters in Atlanta .
Thanks for joining us today .
We begin with this : the president tells Iran to keep out of Iraq or face the consequences .
We 'll go live to the White House for the latest in just a little bit .
You 're live in the CNN NEWSROOM.
An intense battle for the city of Najaf .
Two hundred insurgents dead and a U.S. helicopter down .
Officials say it involved a cult trying to take control of an area in an attempt to trigger the coming of their coming messiah .
Arwa Damon has more on what happened .
As dust from a sandstorm settles over the battlefield , new details emerge of the identity of the gunmen who put up some of the fiercest fighting that Iraq has seen this year .
Members of a Shia messianic cult calling themselves the Soldiers of Heaven , plotting to attack the holy Shia city of Najaf .
They massed in the hundreds , joined by foreign fighters , Sunni extremists , criminals and gangs , intending to assassinate pilgrims , clerics , including Grand Ayatollah Ali Al-Sistani , the most revered Shia cleric , called by many the Shia pope .
And holy shrines , trying to destroy all that is sacred to Shia Islam during Ashura , the holiest Shia ritual .
The cult 's intent : to create more chaos to accelerate the return of the Mehdi , the savior of the Shia .
The Mehdi is the Twelfth Shia imam .
His followers believe he disappeared down a well in Samarra in the ninth century and will return at a time of violent deaths and intense disputes , when people are experiencing great fear .
His arrival will directly precede the day of judgment .
Iraqi officials describe the aftermath of the battlefield as being strewn with bodies of the gunmen , saying they killed hundreds of fighters and are investigating reports that the cult 's leader was killed .
The enemy they face , so fierce senior Iraqi officials say U.S. forces had to step in , taking the lead on the battlefield .
