So this breathing space that the Iraqi government is supposed to have is n't very much space .
Let me -- let me play for both of you some exclusive video from yesterday .
And about 20 seconds or so .
And then I want you to respond to it as to the mission for these forces that will be surged into Iraq .
Take a look at this .
Twenty thousand additional troops going in for this mission .
I mean , that -- that really is the mission , is n't it ?
It is kicking down doors , Susan , kicking down doors , climbing to rooftops , looking for the enemy , and then trying to be able to decipher who 's who , who 's good , who 's bad .
You know , I was just thinking about that description .
And it reminds me of the conversations we had right before the invasion , where there was talk about what 's the worst-case scenario if a U.S. invasion took place ?
And this is what was described then by experts in and outside the government as the worst-case scenario , that we would end up in a war , a street-to-street fight in Baghdad involved in secular violence , where it 's not clear what the U.S. role is .
Are we on the Sunni side or the Shiite side if it 's a civil war ?
If there 's a Shiite-controlled government that is refusing our entreaties to reach out to the Sunnis , what 's our role then ?
I think that 's one of the big difficulties that I know we all hope President Bush addresses tonight .
Here 's the way this has been explained to me , is that there are about 23 , roughly two dozen mixed neighborhoods in Baghdad , Sunni-Shia , and that these additional troops will be part of a concerted effort to go in first to those mixed neighborhoods where they 're mixing it up and pull them apart and start to establish some degree of security .
Two phases of economic rebuilding or economic activity to follow .
The first to restore essential services , and then the second to go in and start rebuilding more fundamental and more challenging infrastructure .
But that the U.S. forces that go in and presumably try to restore some order there are a 24/7 protection force .
They do n't go in , clear it , and then leave and let the Iraqis try by themselves to hold it .
They 're going to have to be part of that 24/7 .
That 's the difference here .
But , you know , it 's going to lead to a lot of questions from a lot of peopling saying , well , is n't that what you 've been trying to do all along ?
What makes this different ?
So , once again , a tough -- a tough -- a tough challenge .
The president primetime address , 7:00 -- our coverage begins here at CNN 7:00 p.m.
Can't wait to hear what the president has to say .
I know you 'll be watching .
Susan , Frank , thank you again , as always .
Appreciate it .
Thank you , Tony .
Thank you .
Putting a price on paradise .
I wo n't be on the ocean , but I can still access the ocean .
And have a half a million dollars in my pocket .
