Absolutely .
. to stay away from Paris Hilton and Nicole Richie and places like Hyde .
It is not like she could expect to show up there and get a little bottle of water and be satisfied with that , if I understand you .
That is correct .
And addicts and alcoholics very often do that to sort of -- they think they are testing themselves .
But in fact they are just moving closer to a relapse at that point .
God , that` s got to be difficult , especially when it` s all ...
It is tough .
But I mean , she needs to be sort of supported and congratulated for taking care of herself .
But it may -- you know , this may not be the end of the story .
There may be more treatment .
And you`ve got to understand something , you know , addiction is a chronic illness .
It is not an acute illness that resolves like a pneumonia .
It` s an illness like diabetes or asthma .
And we do n` t look at diabetes and say , gee , that person` s blood sugar went out of control , diabetic treatment does n` t work .
We say , look , it needs further treatment , it needs further encouragement .
It needs further intervention .
And the same is true with addiction .
Even people who are diligently involved in recovery can have slips and they go back and get , let` s say , tuned up , so to speak .
But again , you know , it` s funny how I heard a lot of mudslinging towards rehab earlier in the program tonight .
And it really is a very serious issue .
It` s a medical illness .
These young women are at risk .
Their lives are in danger by this condition .
And if they do n` t take this seriously , the outcomes will not be good .
Yes , our publicist that we spoke with , Howard Bragman , said when he` s directing one of his clients toward rehab , it certainly is for very serious reasons .
Quickly , Dr. Drew , I know it may be difficult to assess , but if Lindsay were your patient , what would your recommendation be for her based on what you know of her situation ?
Well , not knowing exactly what she was doing , basically , what we do is we bring someone in for an assessment , have a medical assessment , a psychiatric assessment , hook up a psychologist , have her dive deeply into the 12-step process with her peers , and then hold her out of her work environment from at least three to six months .
Yes .
That seems like a really important component .
And as I have said before , whatever she is going through , we wish her the best .
Dr. Drew Pinsky , I thank you for joining us , as always .
Thank you .
That leads us to our SHOWBIZ TONIGHT question of the day .
Here is what we want to know .
Lindsay Lohan in rehab , do you think it will work ?
Give us your opinion at cnn.com/showbiztonight or send us an e-mail to showbiztonight@cnn.com .
We will read some of those e-mails tomorrow .
And you can also vote on the question of the day by texting us , 45688 .
If you want to vote yes , write " Showbiz yes , " if you want to vote no , write " Showbiz no . "
The number to text to is 45688 .
