All right .
We 'll keep tracking it , Fred .
Thanks .
Well , it 's that time of year again .
Offices are buzzing with talk about the big game .
That may be fun for you , but it could be bad for your employer .
Susan Lisovicz joining us from the New York Stock Exchange to tell us about the Super Bowl slowdown .
We 're at the half hour now , and we 're still following a developing story out of Arizona .
This is what we can tell you so far .
An Amber Alert has been issued in Maricopa , Arizona .
This is what we know .
A six-year-old girl has been abducted , authorities believe , by this man ; 26-year-old George Richard Horner .
He 's a registered sex offender in Louisiana .
He 's driving either a green or blue Nissan Pathfinder , it actually has Louisiana plates , PKL-399 .
He 's a registered sex offender in Louisiana , but this story is unfolding in Maricopa , Arizona .
A six-year-old girl believed to be abducted by him .
We 're getting in these pictures from one of our affiliates , KPNX in Maricopa , Arizona .
We believe this is the neighborhood where the six-year-old was abducted , possibly the home that she lives in .
Police , right now , looking for him .
Any information you have , you are asked to call authorities immediately .
Time now to talk about the weather .
Bitterly cold , dangerously cold across parts of the Northeast .
A frightening sight outside Erie , Pennsylvania .
Cars -- look at that -- and big rigs , even an ambulance in a twisted heap .
The pile-up blamed on lake effect snow that blinded dozens of drivers , one of them was killed .
Ten miles of I-90 was shut down for almost 15 hours .
From Maine to Maryland , it is just plain raw .
An arctic blast has brought the coldest temperatures of the season so far .
The entire state of Massachusetts is under a wind chill advisory .
How long will the arctic air hang around and where will it blow next ?
Our Rob Marciano knows .
Haifa Street , the main drag in a bad neighborhood , in the world 's most dangerous city .
It 's a battlefield .
But also a starting point in a combined effort to take back Baghdad .
CNN 's Arwa Damon is there .
Through the window of a crumbling theater , it could almost be a normal world outside .
But this is Haifa Street in central Baghdad , where we ca n't venture out to talk to people , but snatch quick conversations in doorways .
This man does n't want his face shown .
" The street from here to here is safe , " he says .
" But if you go down there , it 's very bad . "
In one direction , kids play soccer in the street , apparently oblivious to the battleground close by .
But down the street , Iraqi and U.S. forces try to dislodge insurgents .
" We are happy to see the Iraqis and the Americans , but we ca n't be seen saying that , " he says .
" They will slaughter us . "
" They " are Sunni extremists , says Ali Hussein , a Shia who lives here .
He calls them " The Others " .
" It 's sort of a sectarian thing .
But here we have Sunnis , too .
But down there , they are different . "
