The President of the United States .
Instead of the usual Tuesday night basketball , the monitors at Kid Shelleen 's restaurant and sports bar were tuned not to games , but to the deadly serious business of a president trying to seek common ground with a newly Democratic Congress , a Congress aggressively challenging the new addition of troops to the Iraq war .
Our country is pursuing a new strategy in Iraq and I ask you to give it a chance to work .
With all the turmoil over Iraq policy , the reaction , at least at this place , was surprisingly sympathetic , even among those who would not normally be the president 's supporters .
I 'm encouraged with the positivity of the president .
I am kind of a give peace a chance generation .
And , you know , I 'm -- like I say , I evolved in the give peace a chance .
But you know what ?
I think we should probably give success in Iraq a chance .
This was a diverse group .
And those watching had diverse agendas .
I was wildly disappointed that the rebuilding of New Orleans was not mentioned at all .
There 's this supposed ongoing commitment to it , and yet it gets no attention .
He talked about how important the economic development is in Iraq , and there 's no urban policy , and specifically there 's no policy for New Orleans .
The state of our union is strong .
Our cause in the world is right .
And tonight , that cause goes on .
God bless .
He seemed kind of humble tonight , not as forceful in the way that he made his ideas and his viewpoints across .
And I think -- I think he 's finally getting the message that the two parties need to work together in order to get anything solved .
Political analysis , that 's every bit as valid as that for which we pay a lot of money to consultants .
It 's the analysis from Kid Shelleen 's here in Wilmington -- Miles .
Bob , the president will go to DuPont .
DuPont is one of the leading corporate players in America , pushing for mandatory caps on carbon emissions to fight global warming .
The president did n't go that far .
It will be interesting to see how that plays out today .
Well , the president is trying to highlight the fact that there 's some energy innovation that 's going on here at special labs .
He 'll be talking about that at his speech right behind me at the DuPont Theater .
But you 're right .
The corporate executives seem to be getting on the greenhouse -- the whole bandwagon about global warming , and they 're trying to drag the President with them .
Bob Franken in Wilmington .
Thanks very much -- Soledad .
All right , Miles .
Thanks .
You heard the reaction from Wilmington this morning .
Let 's hear what people around the country think today .
They 're already having their say and listening in to talk radio .
We 're expecting a very lively discussion with two radio hosts who join us this morning .
Steve Malzberg is in New York .
He 's sitting in on Bill Bennett 's " Morning in America " show .
Rachel Maddow of Air America is in our studio .
