Yes , Kyra , we know now that some people have been taken to the hospital after that train derailment , train fire , train wreck .
This was a mess in Kentucky today .
These are the pictures here from a little earlier .
This is a train wreck in Brooks , Kentucky .
Happened right around 9:00 Eastern Time today .
And this thing burned , and burned and burned with huge flames and a lot of smoke heading up into the air for hours today , despite all the efforts of firefighters .
Do n't know how this accident happened exactly .
But we found out later exactly what was on board that was burning like this .
A chemical was onboard called cyclohexane .
It was a chemical there that 's flammable , and it did pose -- or does pose an inhalation hazard .
So for a mile radius , people were told to evacuate , to get out and not breathe this stuff in .
But again , we do know now that several people were taken to the hospital , feeling the effects of inhaling some of the smoke and some of that chemical that got into the air .
However , none of those injuries being described as life-threatening .
The fire crews were really -- we watched them attack this thing for hours earlier today right after this happened , really not making ground .
This thing continue to even grow and get bigger .
That 's a better vantage point of it there , a wider shot of what was happening .
But it caused all kinds of problems , traffic issues as well .
Highway had to be shutdown for a little bit .
You 've seen some of those crews we 're talking about .
They ended up pulling out , the fire crews , saying we 're just going to let this thing burn itself out , and it got away from it .
Still waiting for details on exactly how this accident happened , so we 're still trying to get more information -- Kyra .
OK , T.J. , thanks .
The U.S. and the U.N. , a love/hate relationship that 's been light on the love for years now .
But will the new U.N. secretary-general enjoy a honeymoon with the Bush administration ?
President Bush is sitting down this hour with Ban-Ki Moon .
And our Suzanne Malveaux just left a White House briefing -- Suzanne .
SUZANNE MALVEAUX , CNN WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDEN
Well , Kyra , of course , the White House trying to garner more support for the new Iraq plan .
President Bush hosting today Ban-Ki Moon .
As you mentioned , of course , really a mixed relationship with the United Nations .
Under Kofi Annan , of course , U.N. Security Council did not authorize the U.S. invasion of Iraq or the Iraq War .
President Bush at that time was questioning the very relevancy of this international organization .
Well , Ban-Ki Moon is a different kind of leader .
He is soft-spoken , mild-mannered , but in his first press conference , he did make a couple of things known that there are differences with the United States .
He took issue , expressed concerns with the U.S. airstrikes against southern Somalia recently on an Al Qaeda target .
He said , while he understood the necessity of the attack , he was concerned that perhaps there would be civilian casualties , or even escalate the hostilities in that area .
