Boy , a strange set of circumstances there on the ground in New Orleans .
Sean Callebs for us .
Sean , appreciate it .
Thank you .
A national day of mourning .
Americans pay respects to the nation 's 38th president .
Funeral services for Gerald Ford held this morning at the National Cathedral in Washington .
President Bush delivered the final eulogy .
CNN 's Elaine Quijano is with us now from the White House .
And Elaine , what an elegant ceremony today .
Just a couple of words from President Bush .
President Bush said , " In President Ford the world saw the best of America . "
Just a -- just a wonderful ceremony today .
That 's right .
High praise .
As you noted , President Bush making those remarks at the National Cathedral , saying that what the world saw in Gerald Ford , as you noted , was the best of America .
And the president also referring to the post-Watergate era .
The president saying that Ford 's character and leadership brought calm and healing to one of the most divisive moments in our nation 's history .
Amid all the turmoil , Gerald Ford was a rock of stability .
And when he put his hand on his family bible to take the presidential oath of office , he brought grace to a moment of great doubt .
In a short time , the gentleman from Grand Rapids proved that behind the affability was firm resolve .
And President Bush remembering Gerald Ford as a leader of character and humility .
President Bush also said that Gerald Ford assumed the presidency when America needed him , not because he needed the office .
And finally , the president remembered fondly the last time he and President Ford met earlier this year .
President Bush saying that " Gerald Ford was still smiling , still counting himself lucky to have wife Betty at his side , and still displaying the optimism and generosity that made him one of America 's most beloved leaders " -- Tony .
CNN 's Elaine Quijano for us .
Elaine , stay with us for just a moment here .
We want to show everyone pictures of Andrews Air Force Base .
The remains of the former president Gerald Ford to be arriving there shortly on this national day of mourning for that final trip home .
And I understand quite an elaborate ceremony to take place there .
A brief ceremony , but another dignified ceremony to take place there at Andrews Air Force Base there as well in just a few minutes .
And we will , of course , bring that to you live here on CNN.
People in Colorado still digging out from back-to-back snowstorms .
The latest blizzard dumping some three feet of snow on the region .
Concerns today about feeding both people and livestock .
Authorities are planning to bring in groceries in Humvees .
They 'll drop bales of hay from cargo planes or helicopters for hungry cattle .
Compared to what I 've seen in the past , this is probably the worst I 've seen down in the southeastern section of Colorado in terms of impassible roads and in terms of drifting snow that really creates a huge challenge for those rescuers , as well as for those folks trying to re-supply either the shelters that we have set up throughout that area , or trying to get some food into those cattle that right now are some pretty serious problems .
