There 's a lot of agents in town right now frothing at the mouth about the idea of , wow , he is in Hollywood now .
Let 's book him for movies , let 's get a TV show .
Beckham was an instant celebrity among American soccer fans when he visited in 2005 .
This time he is after a whole different level of fame .
Chris Lawrence , CNN, Los Angeles .
Still to come , more troops for Iraq .
The president 's war planners explaining to Congress how they 'll help .
Combat Capitol Hill style in the NEWSROOM.
The president is selling his Iraq plan , but it appears most Americans are n't buying it .
We 're getting the first poll numbers on the new strategy this morning .
Here 's our senior political analyst Bill Schneider .
Good evening .
Wednesday night , President Bush spoke dramatically about the high stakes in Iraq .
It is the decisive , ideological struggle of our time .
And his new plan for dealing with it .
So I 've committed more than 20,000 additional American troops to Iraq .
The public 's response ?
Two to one negative .
In fact , half the public say they strongly oppose the troop buildup .
Leading Democrats denounce the president 's proposal .
The president 's plan moves the American commitment in Iraq in the wrong direction .
Democratic voters are virtually united in their opposition .
Eighty-eight percent oppose the buildup .
And the president 's base ?
Two-thirds of Republican voters support President Bush on Iraq .
But we 're beginning to hear criticism from Republican politicians .
I think this speech given last night by this president represents the most dangerous foreign policy blunder in this country since Vietnam .
He speaks for the 30 percent of Republican voters who oppose Mr. Bush 's plan .
Our troops will have a well-defined mission .
The public does not agree .
Only 35 percent believe President Bush has a clear plan for Iraq .
That 's up a bit from the 25 percent who felt that way before he spoke .
But 63 percent of Americans still do n't see a clear plan .
Now , the poll we just reported is part of a new partnership .
Today CNN is announcing the CNN Opinion Research Corporation Poll .
We plan to bring you the most accurate , most insightful public opinion polling anywhere .
A sweet and long , long flight for family .
Embracing a future together after a very long adoption struggle .
Details from reporter reporter Jeanne Macken ( ph ) of CNN affiliate WMUR , Manchester , New Hampshire .
Judy Keller flips through a family photo album while she waited inside a Manchester courtroom for a judge to make her family official .
Inside that album , 14 years of memories , starting from the moment Judy and her husband , John , tried to adopt Katy in Virginia .
Her birth mother was a prison inmate , and months after she handed over Katy in the hospital , she changed her mind .
Katy was raised by the Kellers during years of legal arguments .
They insisted race should not be an issue , and they would be the best parents for Katy .
This year , the birth mother , who is still an inmate , agreed to the adoption .
Katy signed the adoption papers , and for the first time , Judy held Katy in her arms as her legally adopted daughter .
