Ethiopian troops cross the border .
U.S. air strikes follow .
Why the sudden heat on Somalia ?
We 'll talk with a man who has been there .
You are live in the CNN NEWSROOM.
But first , from briefing rooms and war rooms , straight to your living room , we already heard plenty about President Bush 's new plan for Iraq which he unveils tonight .
But he 'll also talk about what went wrong in the old plans , including too few Iraqi and U.S. troops , and flawed rules of engagement .
Now , here 's what we know about the new strategy .
U.S. sources say President Bush wants to send more than 21,000 extra troops to Iraq .
Most of them to Baghdad , others to Anbar province , the heart of the Sunni insurgency .
The goal is to hand control of Iraq to Iraqi troops by November , but U.S. troops would stay as backup .
The plan also calls for a billion dollars in new economic aid earmarked for jobs .
We 're at home , at work , at rest , at play , but we 're also at war .
It 's hard for many Americans to keep that in mind .
For others , though , it 's much easier .
CNN 's Jill Dougherty reports .
Oh , look at the play by number 34 Dawn Halfaker on the fly making a very athletic play .
Back in her college days at the U.S. Military Academy at West Point , Dawn Halfaker , top-scoring basketball player , thought of sacrifice as a theory .
Now it 's a reality , every time she tries to open a bottle .
When she was 24 , serving in Iraq , a grenade blew off her right arm .
Dawn does n't look back much .
She knows that in today 's America , in spite of an almost four-year war , life goes on .
I also think that there is a part of America that , you know , maybe does n't understand what this is about and , really , because it does n't affect them .
It does n't affect their daily lives .
You know , there 's -- and that 's understandable , in a sense .
This war is inconvenient to them in the sense that , you know , they have to hear about it on the news .
But , you know , they can avoid it if they want to .
Malls , like this one in the suburbs of Washington , D.C. , are still filled with shoppers .
The war is taking no immediate economic toll , and yet it ripples through the life of many here , people like 19-year-old Tamar Aghkekian , a shop clerk who wears a bracelet with the ring her high school friend gave her when he finished boot camp .
He 's now in Iraq .
She thinks about him and the war even as she deals with customers .
I mean , I think some people probably do block it out of their mind , because I guess they do n't want to think about all the people that 's dying .
Shirley Grant ( ph ) lived through World War II , the rationing , coupons to buy gas , the sacrifice .
This war , she says , is different .
Everybody was willing to cooperate .
This time , all you have in your mind is , let 's get out of there .
It 's terrible .
Everybody has been killed .
It 's a disgrace .
