This vice presidency is troubling to me because time and time again , we 've seen the establishment , for example , of almost a parallel National Security Council , the involvement of the vice president in trying to pressure , influence the kind of information that flows to the top and up to the presidency .
And I think that political scientists ought to study about whether there should be a recognized line that a vice president must obey to prevent that kind of problem that we 're seeing today .
Many of the things we 've been told that has helped get us in trouble here I think is a reflection of that problem .
Mr.
President , how far should the Congress go in trying to stop this war in Iraq ?
Specifically , should it use the so-called power of the purse ?
I think that 's perfectly legitimate , Wolf , not dealing with our military already over there .
We do n't want to cut them off because they have n't been adequately supplied , as you know , with body armor , armored vehicles and other facilities .
But I think the Congress should use its maximum authority .
Mr.
President , you 've written a best-seller entitled " Palestine : Peace not Apartheid . "
It 's generated a lot of controversy , as you well know .
Fourteen members of the Jimmy Carter Center , the board of councilors , wrote a letter to you on January 11th .
Among other things they said this in their resignation .
" It seems that you have turned to a world of advocacy , including even malicious advocacy .
We can no longer endorse your strident and uncompromising position .
This is not the Carter Center or the Jimmy Carter we came to respect and support . "
Was that a mistake to include that word " Apartheid " in the title of this book ?
No.
That was not a mistake .
The two basic thrusts in this book -- and they are very important ones .
One is to rejuvenate the dormant or dead peace process in the Middle East after six years of absolutely no effort , not one single day , of substantive discussions to bring peace to Israel .
And the second one is to end the abominable and relatively unknown , horrible prosecution or persecution of the Palestinian people .
And that is the thrust of the book .
And not a single critic of the book , so far as I have seen , addresses either one of those issues in a negative way .
Most of the criticisms of the book have been the one word in the title , " Apartheid , " and the other one is personal attacks on me .
Anybody that goes to Palestine and looks over the plight of the Palestinians will agree that there is mandatory separation inside Palestinian territory , between the Israelis and the Palestinians , and terrible persecution and oppression of the Palestinians by the Israelis .
And that is a basic issue that has got to be corrected before Israel can have peace .
Here is what your former adviser , Professor Ken Stein of Emory University , who worked with you for many years at the Carter Center , told us on CNN.
Listen to this .
