All right , thanks so much , Bonnie .
We appreciate it .
Speaking of video , by the way , you hear stories about the situation in the Middle East all the time between the Israelis and the Palestinians .
That is , you hear a lot of politicians talking about it .
But what 's it like on the ground ?
What are people there saying ?
Here 's the video we 're going to be sharing with you tonight .
It 's a video on the web.
And as you can imagine , it grabbed the attention of people in charge , the images and the impressions in just 15 minutes .
Based on the information we got during the canvas , it was n't out of the ordinary because somebody had told us that the owner of the house right there , Mr. Devlin , had a teenage son or a teenage relative living with him .
So that did n't set off any red flags .
( END VIDEO CLIP )
But first , police , neighbors , and relatives all wondering why they did n't know about this situation with the man and a missing boy , who was right under their noses .
I 'm going to ask a psychologist the questions that so many of us want answered about this .
We 'll be right back .
Welcome back .
Let 's catch you up on the headlines now .
President Bush said it 's OK for his critics in Congress to disagree with his new plan for Iraq , but they do n't have the authority he says to cut funding or reverse his decision .
In tonight 's "60 Minutes " , Mr. Bush said it 's my responsibility to put forward the plan that I think will succeed .
I believe if they start trying to cut off funds , they better explain to the American people and the soldiers why their plan will succeed .
Also this .
Police are patrolling churches in Greenville , North Carolina tonight .
That 's a town outside Raleigh .
Last night , two Baptist churches caught fire and a third was broken into , all within a span of an hour .
Police are treating the churches as crime scenes .
In Huntingtown , West Virginia , the fire chief is calling last night 's apartment blaze his city 's worst fire in a half century .
Seven people , including a child , were killed .
And the death count could climb even higher .
Marshall University students were among the people that were living there .
A possible breakthrough in the fight against Alzheimer 's .
Researchers have identified a gene that appears to increase the risk of developing the disease .
As usual in studies like this , more research is needed , but the findings could lead to a new understanding of what causes Alzheimer 's .
As we cover this miracle in Missouri story from so many angles , the suspect 's neighborhood , the boy 's friends , what the police are saying , we focus on key questions .
How could neighbors not suspect anything / Why did n't the 15-year-old tip somebody off ?
What kind of relationship did he have with the suspected kidnapper ?
Was he a father figure , for example , or a friend , or maybe something more sinister than that ?
Here the story 's stunning details .
We had an uneasy feeling .
And for one of us to have that , that 's one thing .
But for most of us to have it , as much as we work we knew .
