Nothing on behalf of the defendant , your honor .
Nothing for the state , your honor .
That will conclude matters for now .
Thank you very much , gentlemen .
Thank you very much , Judge .
Mr.
Devlin , we 'll see you on March 15th .
We have just seen the arraignment of 41-year-old Michael Devlin , coming to us out of Missouri .
You may have heard there , when the judge asked him his plea , it seemed like he did n't hear him the first time .
The second time , however , he did plead not guilty .
The next court proceeding , as you heard the judge say , will be March 15th , all of it done by video link because of humongous security concerns that the judge has been very worried about .
We 'll go ahead and get to Keith Oppenheim , who is outside that courthouse in Union , Missouri .
And will tell us a little bit more about what he noticed .
Keith , what can you tell us from where you are ?
Well , I think an important thing to understand about what just happened during that arraignment is that Michael Devlin was charged with a Class A felony of child abduction .
He was also charged yesterday in nearby Washington County with kidnapping and for using a gun in that kidnapping .
But the charges here , in Franklin County , carry a greater sentence .
That 's because in the last couple of years , Missouri passed a child abduction law , which carries a maximum penalty of life in prison .
That 's what he 's being charged with today .
So , this proceeding here , in Franklin County , at this point , in terms of the charges that Michael Devlin could face , has the heaviest penalty so far , Heidi .
All right , what will we see , Keith , happen then , on March 15th ?
That will be the next hearing .
Again , these are sometimes very legal procedural things , where they start to look at evidence .
They look at a trial date .
They lay out charges , if it gets that far .
One thing that our legal analyst , Jeffrey Toobin , was pointing out in a case like this , is that this case sort of screams for the possibility of there being a plea arrangement , largely because many parties involved would like to avoid a trial , so these two young men do n't have to go through that trauma .
But assuming that a prelim happens , and that we go towards trial , then it goes through the regular steps of the legal system of laying out evidence and setting a trial date .
You bring up a great point about the different charges .
Because in Washington County , I believe , it will not be Class A kidnapping , correct ?
That 's exactly right .
In Washington County , it 's not , that 's because when 15-year-old Shawn Hornbeck was abducted , just four years ago , that law did n't exist in Missouri , it was just a general kidnapping charge .
And that carries , I believe , it 's five- to 15-year guidelines for a penalty .
Yes , five to 15 .
Five to 15 , so that does n't sound like much perhaps to many people but those are the penalty guidelines that the authorities in that county will have to follow .
