It 's extraordinary .
In my experience , in a quarter-of-a-century in the Senate , there are very few times that I can think of , standing before you -- sitting before you , Wolf , where we filibustered a nonbinding resolution .
Well , there are a number of Republicans , some of your colleagues ...
Yes .
... who are aligning themselves in -- in opposition to the president .
I do n't know if you have done a head count , but do you think you have 60 votes that could beat a filibuster ?
I think we would be very close .
Particularly on a resolution like that , I think 60 votes might very well be there .
I heard today Chuck Hagel , Sam Brownback , who has been in the region .
I listened to Norm Coleman and others who have expressed either strong reservations or outright hostility -- and rightly so , in my view -- to this proposal last night by the president .
Have you lost total confidence in the Bush-Cheney policies , as far as Iraq is concerned ?
Well , I was terribly disappointed last night .
The president set the premise of what I thought offered him an opportunity for a new direction .
He started out by saying : Look , this is not working .
This policy has failed in many ways .
And I accept responsibility .
I thought that was the right thing for the president to do .
He then said the second thing .
The Iraqis really have to take responsibility for what is going to happen now .
Many of us have been saying that for the last several years .
That set the premise , it seemed to me , for him to say : And , as a result of that , we 're going to try a new direction here .
I 'm going to send a permanent representative to the region on a constant basis , around the clock , to be there as long as it takes to get the politics and diplomacy working .
We 're then going to have our troops do three things , border security , training troops , guarding the infrastructure in the country , so that Iraqis have an opportunity for a better life .
But we 're not going to be involved in trying to sort out 23 different militias operating in Baghdad , Shia on Shia , Shia on Sunni , Baathists , insurgents , al Qaeda .
That 's a Rubik 's Cube that we ca n't sort out militarily .
You know , he hates the idea that you and several of your colleagues recently showed up in Damascus ...
Right .
... in effect giving comfort to Bashar al-Assad , the -- the leader of Syria .
That was hardly comfort , any more than I think that -- that Henry Kissinger or Richard Nixon were giving comfort to Mao Zedong when they went to China , or presidents of all political parties went to the Soviet Union for many years , trying to resolve differences between two enemies .
I went there to find out whether or not we could get any cooperation ...
Did you find out if he ...
I did .
In fact ...
Is he ready to cooperate ...
Well , I had -- members of the American Embassy were there , who kept the notes .
I talked to Condoleezza Rice before I left , talked to her when I came back .
