I 'm Wolf Blitzer .
You 're in THE SITUATION ROOM.
We have more now on today 's major 2008 presidential campaign announcement .
CNN is a partner in the first debates of the primary season to be held in the leadoff primary state of New Hampshire .
WMUR Television and " The New Hampshire Union Leader " are joining us in sponsoring face-offs among the Democratic candidates and the Republican contenders on April 4 and April 5 of this year .
I will be moderating the debates .
Joining us now , Scott Spradling .
He is one of political director of WMUR Television and also -- and he will also be one the debate questioners -- questioners .
And Joe McQuaid , he is the publisher of " The New Hampshire Union Leader . "
Guys , thanks very much , not only for coming in , for co-sponsoring this early presidential debate .
Joe , let me start with you .
They seem to be happening earlier and earlier .
New Hampshire , we know , is the first primary in the nation .
What was your thinking ?
Why is it good to start off as early as it is , in April ?
JOSEPH MCQUAID , PUBLISHER , " THE NEW HAMPSHIRE UNION LEADER" : Well , you 're right .
Everything is getting earlier and earlier .
And it looks like the whole nomination process may be wrapped up a year from April .
And we thought it was a good idea to let people in New Hampshire see the candidates and how they stack up .
I do n't know that this precludes other candidates from getting into the mix , Wolf , but I do think this is going to be a very important , if not the most important , president election we have ever had .
It 's wide open , Scott , as you well know .
And I assume almost all of the candidates have , if not all of them , are -- are making frequent visits to New Hampshire already .
Oh , you bet , Wolf .
We 're still waiting for Hillary Clinton , but Barack Obama was here in -- in December , drawing some big crowds -- John Edwards , after his announcement , the same thing .
On the Republican side , Mitt Romney is a regular .
We 're waiting for John McCain to return , but he has been a regular .
And we are definitely seeing these faces .
We see this debate as an opportunity for maybe a first real reintroduction of sorts , a chance to ask some direct questions and get some direct answers .
It 's what the people of New Hampshire expect .
They have expected in the past , Joe -- and I have been there on many of these occasions -- people in New Hampshire , they really want to get to know these candidates on a personal level .
And , certainly , a kickoff debate like this can help .
Oh , I think that 's so .
New Hampshire people are really attuned to this .
They are very proud of their voting record in regard to the presidential primary .
And they ask the toughest questions .
I hope , as part of this , Wolf , that we get some audience participation .
Well , describe a little bit how we 're planning on doing that , Joe , because we will have audience , a large audience , there .
And they will be allowed to ask questions of these Democratic and Republican candidates .
