It kept showing up .
Demand , perhaps ?
Cicarelli , Cicarelli .
Yes , you got it .
OK , an alleged high class brothel bust to tell you about , this time in suburban Atlanta .
Police say a former " Penthouse " centerfold was one of two women returning -- or running a call girl ring in a million dollar mansion .
Residents had complained about scantily clad women , high traffic and loud parties .
But the big break came when police were tipped off to a brazen Web site advertisement .
The prosecutor says : " Dates could cost up to $ 10,000 . "
The women , as you noticed there in that video just moments ago , right there , are out on bail .
Those are the most popular , huh ?
A brothel and some steamy pictures of a Brazilian model .
Oh , but this is pretty popular .
Check that out , huh ?
This is -- this is strange , too .
A lot of people are clicking on this video from suburban Atlanta .
A wild boar was shot dead and hanging from the hunter 's front yard .
Wow !
William Coursey says the hefty nine foot long hog weighed 1,100 pounds .
Can you just imagine what that smells like right about now ?
Ugh .
Yes .
You might want to take that out of your front yard .
I bet your wife 's not too happy about that .
But , Reynolds , that 's the bacon he wanted .
He 's hungry .
Yes , that 's the -- see , Reynolds , you talk about bacon ...
Reynolds , we 've got some .
... there 's plenty of it there .
And you can get more on all these top stories on our Web site .
Just log on to cnn.com/mostpopular .
All right , no speed limit for baby girl Torey ( ph ) .
Oh , no .
Mom and dad actually had to pull over on a major highway in Georgia because little Torey ( ph ) could n't wait to come into this world .
We 'll introduce you to the family right here in our studio in about 24 minutes .
Plus , we 'll stick with the theme of speed .
Even if the presidential election is still two years away , it feels like many political household names already traveling at high speeds on the campaign highway .
Our reality check with Josh Levs , coming up in about 10 minutes .
For the first time in 12 years , Democrats take control of both houses of Congress .
And Nancy Pelosi becomes the first female speaker of the House .
At cnn.com , we 've profiled Speaker Pelosi and other women who have made milestones in U.S. politics .
Nancy Pelosi is a representative for the 8th Congressional District of California , where she was reelected 10 times .
As speaker of the House , Pelosi is second in the line of succession to the presidency , just after the vice president .
As she takes up her new position , she vows to lead the most honest and open Congress in history .
Other women have also made history in politics .
In 1916 , Jeannette Rankin of Montana became the first woman elected to the House of Representatives .
In 1925 , Nellie Taylor Ross of Wyoming was the first woman governor .
Sandra Day O'Connor became the first female Supreme Court justice in 1981 .
And in 1984 , New York Democrat Geraldine Ferraro was the first female vice presidential running mate of Walter Mondale for the presidency .
