All that coming up on YOUR WORLD TODAY .
Welcome back to YOUR WORLD TODAY .
I 'm Hala Gorani .
I 'm Jim Clancy .
And these are the stories that are making headlines around the world .
Islamic fighters fleeing their last major stronghold in Somalia .
Ethiopian and government troops advancing into the city of Kismayo .
Prime Minister Ali Mohamed Gedi says the warlord era is over in Somalia .
He 's offering the fighters , though , that are on the run an amnesty if they give themselves up .
He has also ordered a nationwide disarmament with a three-day deadline for everyone to hand over their weapons .
The Pentagon has just announced that two more U.S. service members were killed on Sunday .
That brings the total number of U.S. troops killed in Iraq since the war started nearly four years ago to 3,002 .
December was the deadliest month for U.S. forces in Iraq in two years .
More than 100 U.S. service members were killed .
More than a million people gathered in New York City 's Times Square to ring in 2007 with cheers , kisses and hopes for peace .
The cleanup of more than three tons of confetti began soon after the party-goers headed home .
Well , Monday marked the final day of the Hajj , the annual Muslim pilgrimage to Mecca in Saudi Arabia .
Our Zain Verjee has been on the scene since the start of the event .
And she joins us now live by broadband .
Zain , how is it looking today ?
Hala , it was the last day of the stoning ritual at the Jamarat Bridge , a significant day .
Pilgrims do this ritual essentially to symbolically reject the devil 's temptation .
Everyone was on edge hoping that stampedes were not going to happen as they did last year .
And they in fact did not happen .
The flow of pilgrims we understand was quite good .
The Saudi government has invested $ 1.5 billion in the construction of a new bridge .
We spent some time there and basically this bridge is a lot wider , it 's a couple of stories high so far .
They want to build it up to five .
There are also two entry points where pilgrims can enter .
There are also strict crowd control measures that have been implemented , where crowds are moved section by section , block by block in a steady flow as well .
Pilgrims were not allowed to bring their luggage .
And there was a fairly good control of that from what we were able to see on the ground , because luggage in the past has triggered stampedes of people falling all over that .
Muslims this day , Hala , on the last day of the Hajj , are celebrating the third day of Eid , that 's a religious holiday .
They celebrate it with their families .
It 's kind of like Thanksgiving or Christmas .
They exchange gifts and there 's a lot of good food there as well .
During the time we 've spent here over the past few days in Mecca , we 've met a lot of different pilgrims .
We had a chance to talk to one British Muslim from Yorkshire in England and talked a little bit about his experience here , as well as some of the challenges he faces being a Muslim .
