Well , today the secretary of defense suggested he may urge the president to send more American troops there .
The Taliban is making a fierce and worrisome come back in Afghanistan after being largely routed out .
And today Robert Gates says : " There 's no reason to sit back and the let the Taliban regroup . "
Currently , there are about 24,000 U.S. troops in Afghanistan .
In California , it may look just like a snowy mountain but this is actually a highway , a highway running through it .
Forty miles of Interstate 5 north of Los Angeles paralyzed amidst California 's icy blast .
Mother Nature having her way with some drivers , stranding them in snow that hides a blanket of ice .
Crews are trying to clear the road , but the closure is expected to last most of the day .
And cancer continues to claim the lives of far too many people in the United States , but it 's killed fewer people for the second straight year .
Just over 3,000 fewer people died of cancer in the United States from 2003 to 2004 .
That 's according to the American Cancer Society .
Cancer deaths also dropped the previous year .
Experts suggest it 's partly due to fewer people smoking and an increased level of detection and treatment of tumors .
That 's a look at the headlines right now -- Wolf .
Let 's hope those numbers continue to drop , Carol .
Thank you for that .
Coming up , are conservatives actually shopping for another true believer to run for the White House ?
I 'll ask Bill Bennett .
He 'll join Paul Begala in our Strategy Session .
That 's coming up .
Plus , Hillary Clinton just back from Iraq , spelling out some new ideas on he wants to try to end the conflict .
Paul and Bill will rate her new plan .
That 's coming up , as well , in our Strategy Session .
We 'll be right back .
To our viewers , you 're in THE SITUATION ROOM , where new pictures and information are arriving all the time .
Happening now , a bipartisan group of senators has introduced a non-binding resolution opposing a U.S. troop increase .
Democratic Senator Joe Biden says it will give every senator a chance to show just where they stand on the issue .
Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton is making clear where she stands .
Today she 's introducing a bill to put a cap on troop levels in Iraq .
How might what happens in Iraq actually affect what happens elsewhere in the Middle East ?
I 'll ask our world affairs analyst and former Defense Secretary William Cohen .
And it 's meant to symbolize the end of the world as we know it .
Today , the so-called doomsday clock was moved to five minutes before midnight .
Midnight on the clock symbolizes when the world ends .
Scientists who control the clock cite nuclear standoffs with Iran and North Korea and global warming as major threats .
I 'm Wolf Blitzer .
You 're in THE SITUATION ROOM.
In today 's " Strategy Session " : a fight pitting the legislative branch against the executive branch of the U.S. government .
Some Democrats and Republicans are standing firmly against the president 's new plan for Iraq .
