She was found in nearby Sandy , Utah , disguised in a wig , sunglasses and a veil .
She 'd allegedly been kidnapped , assaulted , and held captive by a street preacher named Brian Mitchell , who had once worked at the Smart home .
I just hope no child or anybody would ever have to go through what I went through , because nobody deserves to go through that .
And it 's just so - it 's horrible for people .
Mitchell has twice been ruled unfit to stand trial , most recently last month .
500 miles away in Idaho in the summer of 2005 , another kidnapped girl was found alive .
The story of then eight-year-old Shasta Groene is heartbreaking .
It began May 16th , when her mother , her mother 's boyfriend , and her 13-year old brother were all killed .
Shasta and her nine-year old brother Dylan were missing .
I would like to address my children 's abductors or abductor .
Please release my children safely .
They had nothing to do with any of this .
Six weeks later , she was found in a Denny 's restaurant at 2:00 in the morning with a sex offender named Joseph Duncan III .
Her brother Dylan was nowhere to be found .
And authorities later discovered his remains at a remote campsite in Montana .
She told authorities she had been sexually assaulted .
She has not told her story in public .
And CNN shields her face to protect her privacy .
In a plea agreement in October , Duncan plead guilty to three counts of murder , was sentenced to three consecutive life sentences .
He still faces federal charges .
Peter Viles for CNN, Los Angeles .
The miracle does n't change his mission .
This is kind of the start of a new chapter , I guess .
Shaw n 's home , but that definitely does n't mean that the Shawn Hornbeck 's Foundation work is done .
Hopefully , we have another member of the Shawn Hornbeck Foundation now that can help us look for other missing children .
That 's something that 's not going to go away .
That 's something that we devoted our lives to four years ago .
And just because we 've recovered our own son does n't mean that our work is done .
Craig Akers .
In 15 minutes , more about this amazing step dad and a never ending search he undertook .
First , storms , ice , snow , severe weather hitting many parts of the country .
Is it possibly headed your way ?
A big part of the United States , you are almost bound to be included one way or another .
Meteorologist Bonnie Schneider working in the CNN severe weather center for us .
She is going to bring us the latest and do so in about six minutes .
From the Midwest to the West coast , the wild weather keeps on coming .
For starters , Southern California , shivering , icicles on citrus trees .
Definitely not what nature intended .
In Texas , heavy rains and dangerous winds up to six inches fell near Austin , turning streets into rivers and turning rivers into white water rapids .
Outside Austin , winds tore into rooftops and almost ripped the door right off this house .
At least 10 homes damaged by what could have been a tornado .
