Let 's get more now on what exactly this troop increase might look like .
CNN 's Tom Foreman is here in THE SITUATION ROOM with more on this part of the story .
Tom ?
And we say might look like because we do n't really know .
But mainly what we feel like most people are talking about is Baghdad proper .
This is the city overall .
We 're going to give you a sense of what we know right now .
At this moment , coalition troops largely have control of right here in the middle of Baghdad .
They have the airport out here under control , and they have some areas up north here .
What is not so much under control and has to be considered are little pockets in here and here and here and most importantly , I put a big SC over here for Sadr City , the home base for Muqtada al-Sadr .
Let 's go to our big maps up on the wall if we can and that will give us a better sense of what we 're talking about .
Those are the areas the coalition control .
We 've marked them off over there .
But look , right in the middle , we talked a lot about the Sunni triangle .
Well this could be sort of like the Shia pyramid in a way because there are these militia groups spread out in this area , along with some Sunnis as well , who are all in some conflict in this area .
These areas will have to be engaged if they want to stabilize Baghdad , and no area is going to be more important than Sadr City .
That 's the home of Muqtada al-Sadr .
His forces have clashed with coalition forces before , and coalitions forces , if they 're going to calm the city down , are going to have to engage this neighborhood .
And as you can see , it 's many blocks of tight , close together houses that can only be fought in tight quarters , Wolf .
Here is the problem , as you know , the last time the U.S. wanted to go into Sadr City , the Iraqi government was close to Muqtada al-Sadr said no way .
It 's going to be a key test to see if Nouri al-Maliki , the prime minister stands with the U.S. right now or stands with Muqtada al-Sadr .
We 'll watch this closely Tom , thank you for that .
And still ahead tonight , details of a possible breakthrough in stem cell research .
Scientists now say they can harvest them without destroying embryos .
We 're going to show you what that might mean for the debate over stem cell research .
Plus , CNN 's Jeanne Moos on the big smell in the Big Apple .
Stay with us , you 're in THE SITUATION ROOM.
Tonight , the new Democratic leadership in Congress .
They 're pushing Iraq higher up on their early to-do list .
And they 're preparing to take new steps to promote embryonic stem cell research as well .
But a new scientific study could dramatically alter that emotional stem cell debate .
Mary Snow , standing by with a lot more on that .
First , though , to our senior political analyst Bill Schneider on the Democrats and Iraq -- Bill .
