You know , hopefully it will come .
And this is helping .
If the Saints win , you know , people are smiling .
It 's nice to see .
It 's also nice to see Sean Callebs standing on the field there .
Hey , Sean , wondering about the mood of the city .
The Saints have had an incredible season .
But is that hiding some of the real issues , maybe ?
You know , it 's interesting because the last gentleman we spoke with kind of sums up the way people here in New Orleans are looking at the Saints .
I mean , these lovable losers have done so much for this city .
The last four months you have really seen this city get behind the team , get so energized .
But there is a certain degree of frustration because the networks have chronicled the Saints great season as well .
You see a lot of shots from here inside the Superdome .
People cheering .
You see shots on Bourbon Streets .
Crowded streets .
But , boy , get out of those areas and it still is a ghost town .
There 's a lot of frustration .
And the biggest thing we hear from people is , they feel like the rest of the country has forgotten about them and they simply do n't want that to happen .
Yes .
And we just saw a couple weeks ago some serious frustration with Mayor Ray Nagin there , that speaking event , they would n't even let him talk .
Is there a plan for the future yet , Sean ?
The city still has n't really released anything official .
Right .
Exactly .
And I think the mayor 's office says , yes , we have a plan .
But , you know , go talk to the citizens who live in the 80 percent of the city that got flooded .
They 're still trying to seek out some kind of lifestyle .
Some kind of home life .
They say there is no plan and there 's no rebuilding going on to speak of .
There is this much ballyhooed program called " The Road Home . "
It 's supposed to provide tens of thousands of dollars to tens of thousands of people .
About two-thirds of the people who have applied for this program have heard back .
Only one-third of those have been interviewed .
And only some of those people have received money .
And no one knows if it 's even going to be enough to rebuild .
So that is the biggest question .
Will people rebuild in the city areas like the lower Ninth Ward , which has really become synonymous with misery .
And in Lakeview , which used to be the backbone of the city .
Still unclear how they 're going to rebuild or if .
Yes .
What about those efforts , though , the volunteers and the organizations that are helping to clean up and rebuild ?
I mean , are they still around ?
Yes , that 's interesting .
Yes , they 're still around .
And not just here .
If you go through the Mississippi area , that really got punished by the storm surge as well .
If you talk to a lot of people they say , you know what , if it was n't for these legions of volunteers who have come from all over the country , a lot of church groups , a lot of civic groups , that they just do n't know where the city would be because so many of the homes were gutted by the folks who were coming in to do what they can to help people .
And charitable groups have done so much to try and get this city back on track .
I think you can -- there 's a huge degree of thanks the people in this area think that they owe .
All those people have come down and done so much when so many others , in terms of government , people here feel have just turned their backs on them .
