And , Tony , I want to remind your very smart viewers , send us your questions or your tips , even , if you 've got good advice , to toptips@cnn.com
and we answer them right here every Friday morning and we love to hear from you .
Gerri , great to see you .
Have a great day .
See you tomorrow .
Great to see you .
Putting a price on paradise .
I wo n't be on the ocean , but I can still access the ocean .
And have a half a million dollar in my pocket .
( END VIDEO CLIP )
Interesting .
But is it enough to give up a little corner of heaven ?
Talk about that coming up right here in the NEWSROOM.
And an NFL lineman calls it the hardest hit he 's ever taken .
Not a tackle , but a Taser .
Now the case is raising questions of racism , ahead in the NEWSROOM.
Months in the making and already under fire .
President Bush unveils his new Iraq plan in a prime time television address tonight .
Democrats are already planning to challenge the new strategy .
Sources say the plan calls for sending 20,000 more U.S. troops to Iraq .
A U.S. official says the first deployments would begin at the end of this month .
We are told the goal is for Iraqi forces to take control of security throughout the country by November .
U.S. troop would remain to support the Iraqi forces .
Sources say the plan also calls for about $ 1 billion in new economic aid to Iraq .
That 's on top of the more than $ 30 billion already committed .
CNN 's special coverage of the president 's speech begins at 7:00 p.m. Eastern with comprehensive coverage before and after the address .
Some Democrats call it an escalation .
Many oppose the president 's plan to send more U.S. troops to Iraq .
One leading Democrat is demanding Congress approve any troop increases .
Let the American people hear , yes or no , where their elected representatives stand on one of the greatest challenges of our time .
Iraq is George Bush 's Vietnam .
Congressional correspondent Dana Bash joining us now live from Capitol Hill .
Dana , does Senator Kennedy 's position represent the majority of Democrats ?
Well , what Senator Kennedy is saying is in general what almost all Democrats believe , and that is that an increase in troops and troop level in Iraq is the wrong way to go .
You have heard over and over they have used the term escalation .
That is not by accident .
That is certainly by design because they think that is the best way to describe from their perspective what the president is planning on doing .
But what Senator Kennedy is proposing in terms of legislation is having a vote before any new troops , before any new dollars are devoted to the Iraq mission , that the Congress should first approve it .
That is not something that has a majority or at least widespread support among the Democratic caucus .
And you know it 's really interesting to watch , Heidi , the Democrats are , you know , in one sense they 're sort of divided over it but are really wrestling with what exactly they are supposed to and going to do with this new power that they won .
