Well , which majors are recruiting -- or are recruiters going after right now ?
Not journalism , Kyra .
I say that every year .
At the undergrad level , business , engineering , and computer- related majors tend to top the list of most in-demand degrees .
And this year is no exception -- the head of the list , accounting majors .
That 's good news for people just starting the careers .
And there 's good news for those looking at the end of their careers , too .
Pension plans are on more solid footing .
This follows years of underfunding , which has forced the government to jump in and pick up the slack .
A new study from Towers Perrin , which is a benefits consultant , says that , for the first time in six years , Fortune 100 companies , on average , have more than enough money to cover their pension obligations .
And one reason why is , the market has improved .
The stock market has improved .
And it 's improved certainly today .
So have oil prices for the energy sector , at least for energy companies , soaring nearly $ 2.50 just today alone , topping $ 55 a barrel , retracing much of the steep price slide from earlier this month .
The increase comes as cold weather finally hits here in the Northeast , the world 's biggest heating oil market .
And , this afternoon , the U.S. energy secretary said the government plans to increase the nation 's Strategic Petroleum Reserve .
That 's giving the energy sector a big boost today -- shares of BP , Chevron , Royal Dutch Shell , and Dow component ExxonMobil all up about 2 percent -- not as big gains for overall stock -- the stock market , but certainly an improvement from yesterday , the Dow right now up 58 points , or half-a-percent .
The Nasdaq is up 2.
And that 's the latest from Wall Street .
I will be back in about 30 minutes for the closing bell .
You 're watching CNN, the most trusted name in news .
Let 's get straight -- straight to the newsroom now , T.J. Holmes working details on a developing story -- T.J.
There has been an arrest , been several arrests now in a cop killing in San Francisco .
The thing here is that that cop killing happened in 1971 , almost some 36 years ago .
But police are saying today that , in fact , they have arrested eight people in connection with an attack on a San Francisco police department , where a 51-year-old sergeant John Young was killed on August the 29th of 1971 .
You 're looking at video out of California of the arrest of two of those men , which happened just the past day or so .
Now , again , eight people were arrested altogether .
Four of them were in California , another three in New York .
One was in Florida .
But police say that all eight of these men were connected with what 's called the Black Liberation Army , which was a violent offshoot or a violent arm of the Black Panther Party back in those days .
And they killed this police officer , according to police , as part of a five- year effort to assassinate essentially police officers , law enforcement officers in New York and in San Francisco .
