John , you know , quickly .
The president first mentioned -- you talk about being bipartisan here -- setting aside politics and really focusing on the future .
And then very immediately went into this budget proposal that he says he is going to release next month .
A five-year budget proposal .
Budget will be balanced by 2012 .
This is a president who , as far as fiscal concerns go , has been criticized vehemently for his spending .
He certainly has been .
And it 's a difficult issue because , remember , this president inherited surpluses from a Democratic president .
So for fiscal conservatives to see the record federal budget deficits , it 's just an anthem ( ph ) to everything they believe in .
Now the president would say 9/11 happened , we 're at war in Iraq .
There have been some extraordinary circumstances that have justified deficit spending .
But that is one of the places where actually the Democrats and this Republican president , once they can sort out spending priorities .
The president 's priorities are different from the Democratic priorities .
But once they can reach an accommodation on that , that is one area where you should look for progress .
The president , thanks to the strong economy and thanks to some other fiscal restraints , as he would call them , some would say by nowhere near enough restraint .
But the budget is on a path to be balanced a few years down the road .
The Democrats know that one of the questions for them is , are they liberal ?
Are they big spenders ?
Do they want to raise taxes ?
So they want to prove their commitment to balancing the budget too .
So that is one area where this Republican president and the new Democratic Congress are likely , with some bumps in the road first , to try to cooperate .
All right .
Senior correspondent out in Washington , John King , we appreciate your thoughts on that one .
It was short and done .
Yes , that 's it .
Hey , Heidi , take a look at this .
We 've got pictures just in .
We wanted to get this on the air to you and try to tell this story as best we can .
Pictures from our affiliate WHDH.
That 's in Georgetown . . .
Massachusetts .
Massachusetts .
Right outside of Boston , I believe .
OK .
I always want to say Maine , but , no , Massachusetts .
You 're absolutely right about that .
And this is a condominium complex that is on fire right now .
And this is a building , as you can see , that is very near Boston .
Do n't know much more about that , whether folks have been able to get out of there OK .
A lot of fire personnel , as you can imagine , on the scene right now .
The white smoke , a mix of the colored smoke .
But here are better pictures of the effort that is underway right now .
As you can imagine , a number of people live in that condominium complex .
Have no idea to what extent that building has been damaged .
But as you can see , it looks pretty bad right now .
Hopefully everyone has been able to get out OK .
No reports of injuries yet .
But , once again , these are pictures just in to CNN live from our affiliate WHDH in Georgetown , Mass .
