Cutting your cancer risk -- things you can do right now to stay healthy .
That story coming up in THE NEWSROOM.
Fighting a killer -- one of the nation 's most well known cancer survivors issues a challenge in the battle against cancer .
Now is not the time to stall when it comes to funding .
Now is not the time to stall when it comes to attention .
Lance Armstrong speaks out , ahead in THE NEWSROOM.
Are they the next hot Hollywood couple ?
David Beckham and his wife coming to America .
Oh , yes , he 's playing soccer , too .
The whole story , we 'll get you the whole story , in THE NEWSROOM.
There is a good chance you know someone who 's fighting cancer .
The American Cancer Society estimates more than a half million people died from cancer-related causes last year .
But cancer is no longer a death sentence .
There have been tremendous strides in treating the disease .
But in a cnn.com column , cancer survivor and cycling great Lance Armstrong says there 's still work to be done .
Armstrong talked about the battle earlier on CNN 's " AMERICAN MORNING . "
Tell us about this column you wrote on cnn.com .
It really touched a nerve , what you said in it .
And , first of all , give people the gist of what you wrote .
Well , it was interesting , just when we start to think that Americans do n't really care about the fight against cancer or are perhaps distracted with other issues in the country , we post a column like that and lo and behold , it 's one of the most viewed sites ever on cnn.com .
So , it 's refreshing to know that we truly care .
The basis of the story was just a general impatience that I have , and a whole army of people have , with the way we 're going about things , the with lack of funding , with the lack of attention and the lack of focus and the lack of -- ultimately , the lack of leadership .
Well , let 's talk about this lack of funding and lack of leadership .
How much of the problem right now , when you look at trying to find a cure for cancer , is a lack of money and how much of it is just perhaps science reaching its outer boundaries ?
Well , you know , before we paint a dark picture , I should say that we , you know , we 've made tremendous progress .
I mean I would n't be sitting here today if we had not made progress .
There 's 10 million cancer survivors in this country , so obviously they feel like we 've made progress .
But the point is that now is not the time to stall when it comes to funding .
Now is not the time to stall when it comes to attention .
I mean I think it 's an interesting time scientifically .
And there are two things that you always need with any great team is leadership and young potential .
And , you know , coming along right now with the stalling that we 're seeing , you 're going to lose both of those things .
So our focus and our objective now , and the millions of people that we have behind us , are to make it an issue again , especially going into the tees .
