Quickly , Gerri , I just wonder about the theory of only having one credit card to use for everything ?
That 's great .
I think it 's fine to have two , or even three .
Two is great .
One is even better .
Look , at the end of the day , you really need to be able to show that you can pay down that debt .
It does matter that you have credit out there that is not being used .
All right , onto the next one , this is coming to us from Ray in Illinois .
He asks , " What is an old-fashioned home equity loan , and how does it differ from a home equity line of credit ? "
Good question from Ray in Illinois .
You know , a home equity loan is just a conventional second mortgage .
Your interest rate is fixed , and the monthly payments you make each month are the same .
It 's meant for one-time debts , like college tuition or paying off a big medical bill .
And HELOC , that 's a home equity line of credit , it works like a credit card .
It carries a variable rate , you can tap into it whenever you need to .
You can adjust your monthly payments with a HELOC and you 'll be able to benefit if rates go down .
Now , a HELOC can be a great way to pay for debt that comes in stages , like home improvements or emergency funds .
But , Heidi , with both of these products , you 're tapping into your equity , in your house , and you 'll have to pay it back .
This is coming to us from Texas , A. Turner .
" Can I take money from a taxable account and put it into an IRA , to take advantage of the deduction ?
Then , can I put the money back into the taxable account after I 've gotten my refund ?
Sounds good !
This is tricky .
You 're all about the taxes .
The sad fact is you 're going to have to pay taxes on your money sooner or later .
Whether you shelter it in an IRA or pay taxes on it now , it 's really up to you .
But keep in mind that if you 're younger than 59 and a half years old , you 'll have to pay taxes , plus -- plus , a 10 percent penalty if you withdraw your money from that IRA.
Heidi , I just want to remind your viewers , because we get such great questions from them .
Send and e-mail to toptips@cnn.com
with any of your financial questions .
We answer them right here every Friday .
All right .
Gerri Willis .
Thank you .
Should we be asking you what 's coming up tomorrow ?
Yes , Saturday morning , " Open House " , 9:30 a.m.
We 're going to be talking about exotic loans , mortgages that are dangerous out there , that you need to know about .
It 's a great show .
We 'll tell you how to get the home gym of your dreams on a budget .
You 'll like that .
Home gym of my dreams ?
What about the physique of my dreams ?
Well , you have to get the gym first , and work up .
Should we take questions on soccer next week ?
