John , thanks very much for coming in .
I know you saw this videotape .
Walk us through what you saw .
JOHN BURNS , " NEW YORK TIMES" : Well , first of all , this videotape , we were told , a one time only showing .
After the disaster of the illicit filming on a cell phone camera of the Saddam Hussein hanging , Iraqi officials were absolutely determined that this botched hanging is not going to get on the Internet and be replayed a million times , especially across the Middle East .
So we were given a one time showing , a three minute video , very grim , as , of course , any execution is .
Two frightened men , two deeply frightened men in orange jumpsuits , Guantanamo style , standing on the trap doors , black hoods being put over their heads as they intoned the Muslim Jihad or the prayer before death -- there is god -- there is no god but god .
And then the drop .
And as Mr. Barzan Ibrahim al-Tikriti , the former head of the ( UNINTELLIGIBLE ) security police under Mr. Hussein and his younger half-brother dropped the eight feet that was allowed by the coiled rope as his feet , his head just snapped off , just like that , in an instant .
The camera then -- the video camera moves forward and looks into the pit beneath the gallows , where we saw him lying face down , headless , a pool of blood accumulating around his neck and his head , still in the black hood , about five feet behind him in the pit .
It seems what happened was that the Iraqi officials , who had worked hard to try and get this one right , just got it wrong when it came to their drop charts , as the hangmen call them .
And this man of medium build , medium height , was just dropped too far and too fast .
As you know , John , there 's going to be skepticism , especially among Sunni Arabs , that this was an accident .
Did it look like an accident based on the video that you saw ?
It did look like an accident and the pains to which Mr. Maliki , the Iraqi prime minister 's officials went , to lead us through this step by step and what they described as intensive consultations with Western humanitarian organizations after the Saddam hanging to make sure that this one was done with dignity , respect for the condemned men , I must say , left me feeling that these people -- this is a blighted government .
It just seems like everything they touch somehow goes awry .
So I do n't think this was intentional .
I think it was botched .
And to be fair , they did tell us that in making their calculations , the hangman 's calculations , what they wanted to do was to make sure these two men died instantly .
Now , this is a pretty grim macabre science , but you only have to go to the Internet and look at the American Military Handbook for executions signed by Dwight Eisenhower when he was chief of staff of the Army in 1947 to look at the drop charts .
And you 'll see that a man of about 5'8" , 5'9" , as Mr. Tikriti was , about 170 , 175 pounds , by American military calculations needed a good deal less than eight feet of free rope for the hanging .
