It 's just an unfortunate accident with a child playing with a gun .
But prosecutors claim that Nathaniel , who had been in trouble with the law before , had intentionally killed Green and argued for a first degree murder charge and for him to be sentenced as an adult .
First degree murder , not guilty .
Guilty of the lesser offense of second degree murder .
He could have faced a term of up to life without parole , but the judge chose to sentence the young boy as a juvenile .
Which meant Nathaniel would be released after ten years in a juvenile facility on his 21st birthday .
He 's working on going back to college , getting a job and getting his life back on track .
It 's very exciting .
He wants to -- he is ready to get on with his life .
And is very grateful for a second chance .
A chance after ten years of detention he feels he deserves .
But that the young man he killed will never have .
Allan Chernoff , CNN, New York .
( END VIDEOTAPE )
Well , the faculty is n't sold , but SMU 's Southern Methodist University in Dallas is believed to be on the very short list for George W. Bush 's presidential library .
A letter is being circulated on SMU 's campus condemning the president 's policies and a small group of Methodist ministers has launched an online petition urging SMU to step out of the running .
So Mr. Bush seems to favor the university over any other location .
Now I 'm leaning heavily toward SMU.
I understand there are some who have reservations .
And my admonition to them , or my advice to them is just , you know , understand that a library , an institute , would enhance education .
SMU is Laura Bush 's alma mater .
The president is expected to make a final decision soon .
Harsh words about the vice president from a former vice president .
Walter Mondale says Dick Cheney stepped way over the line , promoting his own priorities instead of supporting President Bush .
In an exclusive interview with CNN 's Wolf Blitzer , Mondale says Cheney has substituted his own policies for the president 's and pressured government agencies on behalf of his own agenda .
A Cheney spokeswoman says Cheney was elected twice and is committed to protecting Americans .
Wolf Blitzer speaks to former President Carter and former Vice President Mondale later today in the "CNN SITUATION ROOM. "
That 's at 4:00 p.m. Eastern right here on CNN.
Frightening , chaotic , dire , and getting more so by the day in Darfur .
This desert region in Western Sudan has seen only violence between ethnic rebels and government backed militias for almost four years now .
Villages burned , more than 300,00 people slaughtered , close to 3 million forced to flee .
They 're only lifeline , aide workers from the United Nations who themselves are under attack and now threatening to pull out .
Ambassador Larry Rosen now with the Save Darfur coalition , just back from his first visit there as part of a joint delegation .
He joins now from Washington .
Good to see you ambassador .
Thank you , Fredricka , for having me .
