Have you scored one , Dan ?
Not yet , Kyra .
I 'll tell you what , though , it 's coming to a store near you in June .
This is one nifty device .
Apple says it has reinvented the cell phone .
We 'll tell you about it coming up .
Hello once again .
I 'm Kyra Phillips at the CNN World Headquarters in Atlanta .
And I 'm Don Lemon .
She 's back .
Talking about Rosie .
She 's back at work and back to her furious feud with Donald Trump .
By the way , she 's reportedly also bashing her boss , Babs .
Hell hath no fury , kids .
You are live in the CNN NEWSROOM.
But first it 's an iPod , it 's a cell phone , it 's both .
It 's a new thing .
Developing news out of the tech world today .
Apple with a juicy announcement at the Macworld Expo in San Francisco .
And our Dan Simon is there .
I said it 's an Apple , it 's a cell phone , it 's both .
It 's a bird .
It 's a plane .
I guess you can call Steve Jobs Superman now , huh ?
I think you could .
You could really go on and on and on about this thing .
This is one pretty cool piece of hardware .
When you do a story like this , there say danger of sounding like you are doing an advertisement for Apple .
But I 've got to tell you , Steve Jobs said that he reinvented the cell phone .
Based upon what we saw , that 's really not an exaggeration .
Let me give you the highlights , first of all , everything that 's on your iPod is now on the iPhone .
Your TV shows , your videos , your movies .
They can all be transferred to the iPhone .
Of course , it 's got every imaginable bell and whistle when it comes to a cell phone .
Bluetooth , speaker , all that stuff .
And then it 's got every web function imaginable .
You can have your e-mail , you can have full web browsing .
It 's got a very user friendly interface .
Let 's listen now to what Steve Jobs said just a little while ago .
Take a look .
An iPod , a phone , and an internet communicator .
An iPod , a phone .
Are you getting it ?
These are not three separate devices .
This is one device .
And we are calling it iPhone .
Yes , they went crazy .
Cingular is going to be providing the exclusive service for the iPhone .
It 's a little pricey .
$ 499 -- the 4 gigabyte model .
$ 599 for the 8 gigabyte model .
It goes on sale in June .
Now let 's talk about the other thing that Steve Jobs introduced today .
This is called Apple TV formally known as iTV , when he introduced it last fall .
This is a little device that allows you to take all the content you have on iTunes -- videos , movies , television shows -- and allows you to wirelessly transfer that content to a wide screen television .
That goes on sale next month .
Let 's listen now to how Steve Jobs talked about that .
You can buy great content on the iTunes music store .
Movies , TV shows , and music , of course .
And you can download it to your computer via a PC or a Mac .
I 'm going to use a Mac here .
