Wolf , that 's not going to happen .
But several military and political analysts say it very well could .
Without a political compact , without an agreement that creates a national identity for an Iraqi army and a national police , I would argue it 's a virtual certainty .
Observers in Baghdad tell CNN many Shias in Iraq 's armed forces have strong alliances with Iran .
Major powers have been bitten before by armies they 've supported .
The United States once backed Saddam Hussein during his war with Iran .
In Afghanistan , the U.S. , through intermediaries gave Islamic rebels sophisticated shoulder- fired missile launchers to use against Soviet forces in the 1980s .
STEVE COLL , AUTHOR , " GHOST WARS " : A lot of the high technology weapons ended up in the hands of Islamist rebels who ended up joining the Taliban later and some who were protecting Osama bin Laden at the time that he formed al Qaeda .
In the early 1980s , Israeli forces trained and equipped the South Lebanon Army made up of Christians and Shias to fight Palestinians in Lebanon .
That army later disintegrated .
Still , one former U.S. military adviser says if the U.S. forces do n't train Iraqis someone else will , namely Iran .
Wolf ?
Brian , thanks .
So there are some precedents for this kind of situation where U.S. forces wind up helping forces that eventually turn against the United States .
But how likely is this nightmare scenario in Iraq ?
And joining us now , our Baghdad-based correspondent , Michael Ware , he 's in New York for a few days .
Bottom line , Michael , this nightmare scenario that we 've been talking about , how realistic is it that it could happen ?
MICHAEL WARE , CNN CORRESPONDEN
Well , there 's absolutely no doubt whatsoever , Wolf , that America is essentially , if not training and arming its enemies , it 's certainly training and arming elements that do n't share American interests or , indeed , are opposed to American interests .
Be that Iranian-backed or Iranian sympathetic Shia government forces or even potentially future Sunni members of al Qaeda .
So , the United States is trying to strengthen the Iraqi army , and you 're saying , elements of there could eventually turn against the United States .
So what would be better right now , to simply continue training and arming them or dump them ?
Well , that 's a very difficult question to answer .
I mean , as you know , the entire American exit strategy rises and falls upon the strength and capabilities of the Iraqi security forces .
Someone or something has to be able to fill that vacuum when U.S. forces pull out .
So , there 's very little alternative , other than training these people and -- and just dealing with what may result or what comes of it .
What do you see happening in the immediate period ahead ?
And in terms of defining the immediate period , over the next six months .
I -- I think that we 're going to see a situation that is very similar to what we 've got now .
I mean , that 's one thing about this war .
I presume like many , it 's constantly mutating .
It constantly redefines itself .
So while we see an influx or as the administration calls it , a surge of American troops into Baghdad , that 's going to change the nature of the battle in the capital .
Will it destroy the enemy ?
No.
It may displace the enemy .
It will force them to adapt and change their tactics .
