Yeah .
From here down from the C.O. ( ph ) .
Oh .
I mean , the arms and -- one arm was in one side .
The nose was in ...
He did n't feel it .
I 'm sorry .
You want to do me a favor ?
Talk to somebody about this stuff .
Because it 's going to haunt your dreams for a while .
You know what I mean ?
Which is appropriate .
If you just keep it bottled in , it 's going to be bad news .
And the two guys you saved are coming back here to say ( inaudible ) to you guys on the field .
OK ?
I think that guy right there , the fact that he passed out on us was the fact -- he helped bring them in , collect the pieces and -- of his own soldiers that he 's responsible for , and that just overwhelmed him .
These guys are like fathers to these men out here .
Right ?
Surrogate fathers ?
So what happens to them happened to their sons , essentially .
Want to turn around ?
I got him .
Hands down ( ph ) you did the best you could .
Try as best to prepare as best as you could so that you ward off all of those bad doodoo you know ?
As long as you prepare for everything that could go wrong , hopefully nothing will go wrong .
Hopefully he 'll be good , good to go .
Going to be on CNN.
We ca n't check you into the E.R. if you ...
Here we go .
Here 's your losing toss .
Here it comes .
Weak .
Weak .
I think he 's going to beat you , Sgt .
Scott .
Oh , God .
If it would have been a spiral .
UNIDENTIFIED MAL
There we go .
Get a good look at the name .
Yeah .
Happy birthday to you , happy birthday to you , happy birthday dear Ortman ( ph ) , happy birthday to you .
Let us buy you your first beer .
I missed the good part .
: Chug ! Chug ! Chug !
Oh , yeah !
Woo!
Healthy lifestyle .
Oh , I missed the good part !
It 's still good , it 's still good .
Ten second rule .
Oh !
Gross .
" Stars & Stripes " charge by the lettering .
" Family stability seen as among the G.I. 's top reasons " -- not to reenlist .
They forgot that .
I ca n't do that .
That would defy gravity .
I think probably one of the neatest things will be when we get back to the states , and we 're all wearing our civilian clothes for the first time in 12 months .
And it will be funny again to see who 's wearing cowboy boots , and who 's wearing basketball shorts .
And who 's wearing earrings .
And we 'll be the most diverse , cohesive group of Americans bar hopping Colorado Springs .
Go down that thing .
OK .
Go fast , man .
I got you are working your homework , with all the numbers and letters that you drew , and the pictures .
I got that in the mail .
You drew a picture of Yoda ?
You 're going to send it to me ? Good .
I need to get a baseball glove so that I can catch when I 'm out here .
I left my glove back in Colorado .
I do n't think -- I do n't think -- ask mom if my glove is in the closet .
