You know , the selling is getting worse , as we get later on -- as we get late in the session at this point .
Stocks started off the session on a quiet note .
A report out 30 minutes after the open spoiled the mood .
It showed , existing home sales last year fell at the sharpest rate in 17 years .
So , let 's take a look at the red on the Big Board .
Right now -- the Dow Jones average right now is down 119 points , or 1 percent .
The Nasdaq is down 31 points , or 1.25 percent .
And that is the latest from Wall Street .
I will be back in about 30 minutes with a wrapup of the trading day .
NEWSROOM continues in a moment .
Hello everyone .
I 'm Don Lemon , live at the CNN world headquarters in Atlanta .
And I 'm Betty Nguyen , in for Kyra Phillips today .
Well , he did not do the crime but he still did the time .
A Georgia man finally walks free and we 're expecting to hear from him this hour .
We 'll bring that to you live right here in the CNN NEWSROOM.
But first at the bottom of the hour .
Where is Rick Sanchez when you need him ?
The U.S. military has a new gadget tailor-made to send Rick or anybody else running for cover in short order .
It 's crowd control and battlefield control with no shots fired .
Let 's bring in CNN senior Pentagon correspondent Jamie McIntyre .
Hi , Jamie .
Hi , Don .
With the U.S. military getting increasing numbers of nontraditional missions , everything from peace keeping , the U.S. military wants to give its soldiers nontraditional weapons in their quiver .
Troops confront an angry rock-throwing mob .
This scene is real today in Lebanon where at least four people were killed .
This scene is not real .
At Moody Air Force Base in Valdosta , Georgia the U.S. military simulates a hostile crowd to show off the latest thing in non-lethal crowd dispersal technology .
Enter the Active Denial System , a sort of souped-up microwave blaster mounted on a Humvee .
Its unusual beam actually uses millimeter waves , less powerful than microwaves , but able the create an intense burning station on skin from as far away from five football fields .
The idea is to force people to flee while inflicting no lasting harm .
The sensation of the Active Denial System is much like opening your oven and getting hit with a blast of hot air .
Your response is to want to move out of the way , move back .
To make the point , the military gave some reporters a chance to feel the heat which is roughly 130-degrees Fahrenheit .
Whoa !
Even non-lethal weapon such as rubber bullets and tasers and tear gas can be deadly if misused .
And in theory , the heat could cause lasting damage if it was used for a prolonged period of time .
But the U.S. military says the whole idea of this is to give troops an option so they can deal with the situation without creating casualties .
They also say that about 10,000 people have been tested on this technology since it first started going into development more than a decade ago and nobody yet has required any medical treatment .
Don ?
