A new America that seizes the future and forges 21st century solutions through discovery , creativity , and innovation , sustaining our economic leadership and ensuring our national security .
A new America with a vibrant and strengthened middle class , for whom college is affordable , healthcare is accessible and retirement reliable .
A new America that declares our energy independence , promotes domestic sources of renewable energy , and combats climate change .
( APPLAUSE )
A new a new America that is strong , secure , and a respected leader among the community of nations .
And the American people told us they expected us to work together for fiscal responsibility , with the highest ethical standard and with civility and bipartisanship .
After years of historic deficits , this 110th Congress will commit itself to a higher standard .
Pay as you go , no new deficit spending .
Our new America will provide unlimited opportunity for future generations , not burden them with mountains of debt .
In order to achieve our new America for the 21st century , we must return this House to the American people .
So , our first order of business is passing the toughest congressional ethics reform in history .
This new Congress does n't have two years or 200 days .
Let us join together in the first 100 hours to make this the Congress the most honest and open Congress in history .
One hundred hours .
This openness requires respect for every voice in the Congress .
As Thomas Jefferson said , every difference of opinion is not a difference of principle .
My colleagues elected me to be speaker of the House .
The entire House .
Respectful of the vision of our founders , the expectation of our people , and the great challenges that we face , we have an obligation to reach beyond partisanship to work for all Americans .
Let us stand together to move our country forward , seeking common ground for the common good .
We have made history .
Now let us make progress for the American people .
May God bless our work and may God bless America .
Nancy Pelosi , the first woman to be speaker of the House of Representatives .
Before we move forward , because there are so many children here , and so many of them asked me if they could touch the gavel , I wanted to invite as many of them who wanted to come forward to come join me up here .
I know my own grandchildren will .
Let 's hear it for the children .
We 're here for the children .
An unscripted moment , not exactly what has traditionally been in line .
Normally after the speaker-elect , and now the speaker , delivers those remarks , he or she , in this particular case , is administered the oath .
And there she is .
She 's relishing this moment .
These are children and grandchildren of members who have been invited here to participate in this historic moment .
For all -- for these children , our children , and for all of America 's children , the House will come to order .
And that 's it .
That 's the end of her formal remarks .
Nancy Pelosi , the speaker of the House of Representatives .
John Dingell , the Democrat from Michigan , will now administer the oath of office .
