Dennis Hastert is on the House side .
We 're going to go back and forth between the Senate and the House here in our special coverage .
I want our viewers to be able to get a little flavor of what 's happening on this historic day on both sides of Capitol Hill between the Senate and the House .
We see -- we see some members of the Senate walking in .
We also see on the House side some activity , preliminary activity , as the process goes forward .
This next batch of senators , by the way , who will be sworn in include Trent Lott of Mississippi ; Richard Lugar of Indiana , Claire McCaskill , the freshman from Missouri ; Democrat , and Bob Menendez from New Jersey .
He 's not a freshman , but he was appointed to fill out the term of Jon Corzine .
Let 's listen in .
Please raise your right hand .
Do you solemnly swear that you will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies foreign and domestic , that you will bear true faith and allegiance to the same , that you take this obligation freely without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion , and that you will well and faithfully discharge the duties of the office on which you are about to enter , so help you God ?
I do .
I do .
I do .
Congratulations .
Claire McCaskill , Jeff , is the freshman senator from Missouri .
It was a close contest .
She defeated the incumbent Republican , Jim Talent .
Missouri is always a close state .
It 's traditionally a weathervane state in presidential elections .
Jim Talent had beaten Jean Carnahan in 2002 , who was filling out a term to which her late husband , Governor Mel Carnahan , was elected after he died .
This was a stem cell research state .
It was on the -- on the ballot .
It narrowly passed , and a lot of people think that may have pushed just enough pro-stem cell research to the polls to narrowly defeat the incumbent , Jim Talent .
The -- Trent Lott , we see that he signed in .
Richard Lugar , Claire McCaskill , Bob Menendez .
Candy Crowley , Trent Lott is going to be the number two Republican in the U.S. Senate .
One of -- one of the great sort of phoenixes of this upcoming Senate session is Trent Lott .
This was a man who used to be the majority leader on the Senate side , the top Republican .
He was drummed out of the corps when he made what was seen as an intemperate , perhaps racist , remark at the birthday party of Senator Strom Thurmond .
So he was pushed aside by Republicans .
He has been bitter about that .
He 's been particularly upset with the White House , because President Bush seemed to cut him loose at some point .
And now here he is , voted by his colleagues back to number two , a job he says he loves because he 's very good at head counting , and that 's what the number two does .
So he 's going to be a key player in this Senate , and also one that 's going to be very fun to watch because , at this point , still , he bears some resentment about what happened to him .
