Our military guys and the secretary acknowledges that if the Iraqis do not help in this mission , and , quote ,as she said , "lead " the mission , then there 's no possibility of succeeding .
So , what are we going to do ? Send these young men and women into a meat grinder here ?
What we should be doing is the opposite .
We should be letting Maliki know that he 's not going to get our help if he does n't straighten out and have a political solution here .
And that is why the Iraqi Study Group , why Joe Biden , why Les Gelb , why everyone across the board , including the president 's own generals , have said , Mr. President , we should be telling them we 're going to be ramping down , not ramping up , because he cannot count on us to , in fact , be the fodder for his civil war .
He has to make some political compromises .
The -- last week , you said something very direct .
You said that the only way the president is going to budge and change his position is if enough Republicans , members of his own party , stand up and express their strong opinion .
Well , a lot of Republicans are doing exactly that .
But he 's not budging .
Did you miscalculate in that ...
No.
... thinking ?
No.
I think we just started .
We just started .
I know that the Republican leadership is surprised that the Biden-Hagel resolution was able to get two leading Republicans to sign onto it , and with -- along with Senator Levin , who drafted it with us , number one .
Number two , I think they 're going to be surprised when we vote it out of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee .
And evidence of the fact that they are worried about it , the word right now is -- and I do n't know this for a fact -- is , the Republican leadership is talking about filibustering the ability to vote on this .
That 's what the Senate Republican leader , Mitch McConnell , told me on Sunday .
Right .
This is an important statement .
Right .
And you need 60 votes .
Will you have 60 votes to break that filibuster ?
I -- the answer is , I do n't know whether we will have 60 votes to break it , but think of what the statement says , Wolf .
A sitting president , with the opposition of every major political -- every major -- almost every major military leader , leaders in his own party , two former Republican secretaries of state , former secretaries of defense , all of them telling him , Mr. President , do n't do what you 're about to do .
And , then , on top of that , you come along , and you have a bipartisan resolution saying , do n't do it , Mr. President , and there 's -- they have got to filibuster it to stop it ?
And Senator Biden also told me he is running for president .
He will formally go through all the paperwork by the end of the this month , not to create an exploratory committee , but to run for president of the United States .
Up ahead , the war within .
Fiery words from a Muslim cleric .
He 's not in the Middle East .
He 's in Britain .
The advocates the death penalty for anyone who opposes the Prophet Mohammed .
Our Christiane Amanpour talks with him .
