KlaasKids .
Thank you .
Straight ahead in the NEWSROOM , more on the miracle in Missouri , it 's being called .
Two missing boys reunited with their families .
This is just one of those rare , rare things .
I mean , you know , to have one missing child found is just extraordinary .
To have two found at the same time is just one of those things that I do n't even know if you ever even read about things like that .
Back now to our top story .
Two families have been reunited following the rescue of two teenaged boys from a suburban St . Louis apartment .
One of the boys had been missing since Monday .
The other had been missing since 2002 .
Police have charged 41-year-old Michael Devlin with first-degree kidnapping , and more charges are expected .
As a result of the interview with Mr. Devlin , we went back to the apartment and located both children in the apartment .
And one interesting point I wanted to make is , when our agents entered the apartment , young Ben , as he was sitting there , he looked up at one of our agents and said , " Are you going to take me home ? "
And the agent looked over at Shawn Hornbeck and asked Shawn to identify himself , to which Shawn said , " Yes , I am Shawn Hornbeck . "
So after that it was quite euphoric , obviously , and we 're very pleased at the outcome .
Shawn Hornbeck 's parents say they came out publicly today with their long-lost son to give hope to other parents of missing children .
One such parent , Jeff Skemp , he joins me on the phone now from Forest Park , Illinois .
His daughter Rachel Mellon disappeared 11 years ago .
Mr.
Skemp , do these reunions provide more hope for you in the ongoing search for your daughter ?
Oh , absolutely .
I ca n't begin to express the joy that I feel for Craig and Pam Akers , and for Ben 's family .
It gives me a lot of hope .
You know , it 's been 11 years , but it 's never ceases to remind me that miracles happens .
And because it has been 11 years , have there been moments in the course of that 11 years where you have thought , I 'm not going to get this kind of outcome that I 'm hoping for ?
Oh , absolutely .
I mean , it 's been so long .
You know , you go through a lot of periods of doubt .
And we have a lot of bad days .
These are the good days when somebody is reunited .
There 's so many missing kids out there .
And I 've actually had the opportunity to meet Craig Akers , and he and his foundation have been up here searching for Rachel .
And so , banding together , your family , as well as families of children missing , just like you said of Mr. Akers , of Shawn Hornbeck , how helpful , how needed is that for families enduring the same sorts of obstacles to band together like this ?
There 's no way we could make it through without the love and support of so many people .
For the last 11 years I 've just been overwhelmed by the love and support not only of my family , but of the families of other missing children , people who I do n't even know who have reached out to me .
It 's what keeps us going , and it keeps us determined to keep our children 's names out there so that at some point we can get this miracle reunion .
