The thing about Baghdad is the Tigris obviously dominates that piece of terrain , bifurcates the city into two .
That 's the green line .
That 's -- this is the Tigris River right here .
And what you see highlighted in red are those portions of the city where most of the violence has occurred relative to the green zone , which is where the U.S. Embassy is located and most of the commerce occurs and where governance is trying to be established .
However , this week , a lot of fighting along Haifa Street .
You can see where that is .
It leads right into the green zone .
What we 're going to do , John , is we 're going to get into Haifa Street right now to kind of give you a sense of what it 's going to be like for the coalition forces -- those U.S. troops on the ground and the Iraqi security forces .
This is the terrain in which they will operate .
And they will squeeze down on those areas to establish control .
That 's the plan .
Very difficult terrain , as we 've seen many , many times .
But let 's compare this to Sadr City , where Maliki has said let me take control and let me establish forms of control in Sadr City .
And this is an area where Operation Together Forward was not allowed to operate .
MARK
Correct .
This is a Shia portion of the city .
It is very densely packed and you can see the type of traffic that occurs in there .
That 's a very tough mission for the Iraqi security forces , but that 's the one they have to be up to .
That 's the one they have to take on .
well , what happens , though , when U.S. forces start going into Sadr City in much greater numbers than they ever have before ?
It seems to me as though that 's a recipe for confrontation .
Well , it is , and that 's why initially we want the U.S. and the security forces from Iraq to work on the west side of the Tigris , leave the east side to Maliki and the Iraqi security forces to handle predominantly .
So the U.S. will roll into town .
They wo n't automatically take a support role .
The intent for the U.S. is to protect the local citizens and let the Iraqis go after the bad Iraqis .
I know that you want to handle the technical portion of it here , but opinion .
Enough troops to make a difference ?
This will be enough troops in Baghdad .
The challenge is , is if you set the bar too high and you say that by November , all 19 -- correction -- all 18 provinces will be owned by the Iraqi forces , that 's a very tough order .
Yes , is that a too high bar for the president to set ?
I think so .
And I think what needs to happen is let 's get Baghdad right .
This will work in Baghdad .
Let 's get it right .
Let 's measure it and then export that goodness to the other provinces .
How long is it going to take before we see a difference , a measurable difference , on the ground ?
