Yes , I can see why that might be a problem .
Yes , pretty sticky .
All right , Carrie Lee , thank you very much .
Top stories of the morning coming up next , including potentially controversial change in strategy in Iraq .
We 'll take you live to the White House to tell you about it .
Plus , a suspect is finally in custody accused of murder in Mississippi .
We 're going to talk , this morning , to the brother of a victim and the filmmaker who may have helped to crack the case .
You are watching AMERICAN MORNING , the most news in the morning is right here on CNN.
Target Iran .
Reports this morning that U.S. troops have the green light to kill Iranian agents in Iraq .
Chasing a cold case .
We 'll talk to a murdered man 's brother who waited four decades , since 1964 , for justice .
The race for 2008 .
Hillary Clinton changes the fundraising equation .
Now the competition is struggling to keep up .
We 've got those stories straight ahead on this AMERICAN MORNING.
Welcome , everybody .
It 's Friday , January 26th .
I 'm Soledad O'Brien .
I 'm Rick Sanchez .
Sitting in for Miles O'Brien .
By the way , I like the new digs .
Thank you , like our new set , huh ?
I do .
It 's colorful .
Cool .
It 's great .
Easy to work .
Thumbs up .
Good , we 'll have you back .
All right .
Let 's begin with what 's happening this morning .
Got a developing story out of Pakistan for you .
There 's a bomb blast outside the Marriott Hotel in Islamabad .
A lot of foreigners stay at this hotel .
It 's very near to the prime minister 's house .
Now , apparently a suicide bomber killed himself , two guards , also .
The bomber was stopped while trying to enter the hotel through the laundry , to set off his explosives , when he was stopped by those guards .
In Baghdad a pet market filled with families is the latest insurgent target this morning .
At least 15 people are dead after the bombing , dozens of other people have been hurt .
Police think the bomber may have hidden explosives inside a cardboard box that had holes punched in it , so he could pass it off as a container to hold birds .
Right now , in Brussels , Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice is meeting with official from NATO , pledging more money for Afghanistan .
And the top man at the United Nations atomic energy agency says the diplomacy is the only option when it comes to dealing with Iran .
Mohammed ElBaradei telling the World Economic Forum that any military attack on Iran would be catastrophic , and it would only push Tehran to develop nuclear weapons .
These days you ca n't talk about Iran without talking about Iraq .
And in Iraq there 's a controversial new tactic , shoot to kill Iranian operatives .
That 's right .
This morning 's " Washington Post " is saying that the Bush administration is giving U.S. troops the ok to kill Iranian nationals working for the insurgency .
Obviously , it 's an escalation from the previous policy , which allowed troops to catch and release suspected Iranian agents after they were documented .
Soledad ?
President Bush is holding a strategy session with his top military advisors in just a few hours , including the new Defense Secretary Robert Gates .
Now the meeting comes as senators on both sides of the aisle work on resolutions opposing the president 's plan to send more troops into Iraq .
CNN 's congressional correspondent Dana Bash is live for us from Capitol Hill this morning with more on these competing resolutions .
Dana , good morning .
