Well , I hope we can work things out , too .
But we ca n't work things out if they propose something without consultation .
Now , consultation , to me , is meeting with the people that have responsibility in the Congress -- for instance , the defense subcommittee , the Armed Services Committee , Foreign Affairs , Foreign Operations -- and then asking them what they think , asking for suggestions before they make a speech , not just making a speech and then expecting it to get bipartisan support .
They know well my views .
I was very firm in what I had to say and I would hope we can work with them .
This is an historic opportunity .
The people have spoken .
They were very clear .
He fired the secretary of defense .
Now he needs to take the next step , and that 's to give the Iraqis the incentive by redeploying our troops and let them take over .
Well , what if he announces he 's going to deploy another 20,000 or 30,000 U.S. troops together with a strategy that he says will result in victory ?
MURTH
Well , of course , that 's been one of the biggest problems .
Even the troops themselves , Wolf , have lost confidence in this president .
The latest poll that I just saw showed that the majority of the troops disapprove of what the president is doing in Iraq , do n't understand the mission .
And we have never had an achievable military mission .
And that 's been part of the problem .
Now , let 's talk the surge .
If you are going to surge , you 're going to have to keep people there in Iraq -- in other words , extend them .
You 're going to have to stop loss , which means you wo n't let people get out .
And then you 're going to have to send people back that have less than a year in country with their families .
So this would be a phenomenal hardship on the families .
But it 's not going to prove anything because we sent another 15,000 troops into Baghdad and it 's gotten worse .
So I have n't seen anything yet that showed me they have an achievable plan -- achievable ability of the military to achieve victory in this campaign in Baghdad .
Your Democratic colleague , Dennis Kucinich , from Ohio , who is running for president , he says , you know what ?
There 's about $ 70 billion in the pipeline already for the military .
Use that but simply do n't appropriate additional funds for U.S. military operations in Iraq .
And that 's one sure way to get the troops back home .
Is he onto something ?
Well , he may be onto something .
He 's going to bring his plan over to -- in the next couple of days -- for me to take a look at .
But what we 're going to do , Wolf , is have hearings on the supplemental .
Now , normally supplementals , before this administration , were a couple billion dollars a year .
We have a $ 97 or $ 99.7 billion supplemental .
We 're going to go through this .
And I asked the national security adviser to get it over to us , because we want to have two months of hearings to verify why they need the money .
