We 're still following developments with a commercial Adam Air passenger plane - this story out of Jakarta in Indonesia - with more than 100 people aboard , lost contact with flight controllers on flight between a pair of Indonesian islands .
Aviation authorities are gathering information from other flights at this time , which might have picked up a plane 's distress signal .
The missing plane is a Boeing 737 carrying six crew and 96 passengers , including 11 children .
That 's the latest on that story .
We will continue to follow developments there .
And developments out of Denver this morning .
The Broncos reporting the death of one of their star cornerbacks , one of the Broncos ' defensive stars .
The Broncos cornerback , his name was Darrent Williams .
The cornerback for the team starred in yesterday 's game , the season finale .
And the story goes that early this morning he was riding in a limousine that was fired on from another vehicle .
Three people inside that limo were hit .
Williams was killed .
The latest from Denver police just a few moments ago .
This morning a little after two o'clock , there was a limousine heading northbound on Speer Boulevard when a car pulled aside their - or a vehicle pulled up aside it and fired multiple shots into the vehicle .
There were three people on board - there were three people that were struck that were on board the limousine .
And at this point in time , two have been transported to the hospital and another was transported .
He was pronounced dead at the scene .
Williams was in his second year with the Broncos .
He was 24 years old .
We 'll continue to follow developments in that story .
In Washington now , live pictures from the Rotunda of the nation 's Capitol where the body of former President Gerald Ford lies in state , an honor guard keeping watch .
The casket arrived at the capital on Saturday for an official state funeral .
Mourners have been reflecting on Ford 's contributions to the country , including the pardoning of Richard Nixon .
Today is the last day for the public to walk past the coffin of the nation 's 38th president .
Later today , President Bush and the first lady will pay their respects .
Tomorrow , Ford 's remains will rest outside the Senate Chamber before a funeral service at Washington National Cathedral .
President Bush has declared Tuesday a national day of mourning .
Ford is to be buried Wednesday in the town where he grew up , Grand Rapids , Michigan .
He will be laid to rest near the presidential library and museum bearing his name .
CNN, of course , will bring you complete coverage of the funeral for former President Gerald Ford .
The service begins at 10:30 Eastern .
CNN coverage will start around 8:00 Eastern .
An update now on a veteran politician who collapsed at services for President Ford .
William Broomfield , a former Michigan congressman , was released from a Washington hospital yesterday .
He collapsed Saturday during a service at the Capitol .
The 84-year-old Broomfield was attended by Senator Bill Frist , who is a surgeon .
The Capitol doctor took over and Broomfield was taken to the hospital .
Broomfield served in Congress with President Ford .
