From what we 've seen so far , not well .
The latest figures the government has released are from 2004 .
They show that for the two years after President Bush announced his plan , emissions went up .
Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Stephen Johnson said economic growth led to increased emissions and that progress is being made .
But many Americans want more .
And that 's changing the political reality .
I believe strongly we need to adopt a limit on greenhouse gas emissions .
With control of Congress , Democrats are putting climate change front and center .
Our moral and ethical responsibility requires us and all other major nations to take mandatory action to control emissions starting now , not in 10 or 20 years .
Democrats are not alone .
Republican Senator John McCain has called for much tougher environmental policies .
And evangelical Christians , a critical part of President Bush 's base , are taking on this issue .
We will not allow it , the creation , to be degraded , destroyed by human folly .
So it really is becoming increasingly bipartisan issue .
You could say that both blue and red are turning green .
Right now , all of the presidential candidates are talking about this more and more .
And now we 're hearing mumblings from the White House that , get this , Tuesday night , in the State of the Union Address , President Bush will be talking about some new environmental things , including specifically addressing global warming .
And of course , T.J. , right here on CNN we 'll be all over that .
Keep an eye on it .
All right .
Blue and red make green .
Well , this time .
All right .
Thanks , Jeff .
LEV
Thanks .
Here are a few stories making headlines across the globe .
First stop , Berlin , Germany , where something like a hurricane has swept through .
So far there have been seven weather-related deaths , power is out in more than 60,000 homes , and for some folks traveling in and out of the area by rail and air , it may be a while .
And take a look at this .
This happened in the middle of a soccer game in South Africa .
The wind got so bad , 65 to 70 miles per hour that instead of running for the ball , players were running away from those flying signs .
Just amazing video there .
Meet Pumpkin , a 12-year-old tabby cat .
She had quite an ordeal on a flight from England to Germany last month .
The cat 's owner said once the flight landed she found Pumpkin 's carrier broken and empty .
United Airlines crews searched but could n't find her .
Though three weeks later , workers at Denver International Airport found Pumpkin starved and dehydrated .
But she was taken to the vet and she is now said to be fine .
Well , back in business .
The alleged " Mansion Madam " says one career is ruined but another is booming .
Plus a mistake by Consumer Reports leaves parents wondering about their child 's car safety seats .
That 's coming up in about four minutes here on CNN SATURDAY MORNING.
Well , well maybe not .
We 're going to talk about this live .
This implosion we 're keeping an eye on here at New Haven , Connecticut .
The Veterans Memorial Coliseum .
They 're planning on bringing this thing down this morning with an implosion .
An old coliseum , been there for 30-plus years in downtown New Haven .
But we 're keeping an eye on it .
And when they get ready to hit that button , we hope to go back and watch this happen for you live .
And I believe we 're kind of being given the word now that this is going to happen pretty soon .
