Straight to the newsroom -- T.J. Holmes working more details on that plane crash out of Van Nuys Airport -- T.J.
Yes .
We 're trying to learn more , actually , about this -- this airport , certainly , this aircraft that went down .
But , again , we -- we do know now that two people did die in this crash , two people .
It appears to be the crew of this Cessna 525 business jet that went down just a little over an hour ago on takeoff from the Van Nuys Airport .
Pilots reported some kind of emergency on board , were trying to turn it around and land at the airport , but went down in the process , crashed about a half-mile north of that airport there in Van Nuys .
We 're going to talk to Lars Perkins now , a -- a pilot , who is joining from us Pasadena , who is certainly familiar with this -- with this airport , flies in and out of there .
Lars , thank you for giving us some time here .
If you can , first -- we have been looking at these pictures .
We have seen some of the shots zoomed out .
But give us an idea of , if you do get in trouble at this airport , and you have some issues , what is around that airport ?
Do you have a lot that you 're trying to avoid .
And I guess there -- there are a lot of areas where there might be a lot of people around .
Well , it certainly is a very built-up area .
There 's a lot of industrial parks , a lot of residential homes .
Normally , you 're taking off to the south , because the wind is normally from the south .
And there 's a golf course at the southern end .
But , unfortunately , today , they were taking off towards the north .
And north of the airport , there is really not much there , except for residential homes and -- and industrial parks .
So , it 's not an easy place to try to make a safe emergency landing .
Talk to us now about this issue .
We -- we -- we got reports , at least -- at least some eyewitnesses saying that the baggage door was open on this Cessna 525 as it took off .
We do n't know that , have n't -- do n't know that for sure .
And it has n't been determined yet by the officials , but at least several eyewitnesses are reporting that .
If the baggage door was open on an aircraft taking off , what kind of havoc would that cause on the plane for the pilot ?
PERKIN
Well , the havoc , normally , would be mostly psychological .
It 's unusual for a baggage door to really play a structural role in the integrity of the aircraft , although it might have in this particular case .
I do n't know enough about the aerodynamics of the Citation to say for sure .
But I can say that , in a lot of cases , a frequent cause of accidents in smaller aircraft is just something as simple as a door being left unlatched , which just causes real commotion , a lot of air , unusual noises .
And that can be a great distraction to pilots , as they try to figure out what is going -- and it 's the distraction which is really the killer , rather than the actual door being left open .
