Gerri , good morning to you .
Hey , good morning , Tony .
What do you say we get started with some basics here , Gerri .
What do I need to know ?
What 's going to change ?
That 's the big question on people 's minds .
And , guess what , all incoming air travelers to the U.S. , and that included American citizens , will need to have a passport if they 're coming in from Canada , the Caribbean or Mexico .
Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands are exempted from this role because they 're part of U.S. territory .
And next January these rules will extend to people who drive or take a cruise .
So listen up .
It 's going to happen to all of us here .
Well , what 's the advice then ?
You ca n't wait .
If you do n't have a passport , you 've got to get with the program .
Look , it usually takes six to eight weeks to process a passport application .
And , unfortunately , between now and July is the peek time for getting one .
So if you can afford to wait , you 'll get faster service if you apply later , like between August and December .
Remember , your passport must be valid at least six months beyond the dates of your trip and you should also make sure you have two to four blank visa stamped pages .
So lots to think about there if you 're traveling .
Yes , OK , so I 've got to get the photos .
How about -- are n't there some sites that will help me ?
Where do I go if I need to get this done ?
Well , OK .
To find the nearest location to get your passport , go to travel .state .gov ,
type in your zip code .
You can also call the Passport Information Center , and that phone number , 877-4USA - PPT.
Now , Tony , in addition to individual passport sites , applications are being accepted at some post offices and public libraries because there 's expected to be a real crush for this .
Well , is there a way -- OK , I admit it , I 've been procrastinating .
Is there a way to sort of jump-start this process ?
Well , if you want to skip the lines . . .
Yes , I 'd like to .
You can expedite it .
If you have less than eight weeks until your travel date , you may want to get an expedited passport .
This should be available in about two weeks .
But you are going to pay for the privilege .
A regular passport , plain old plain old , costs about $ 97 .
Getting your passport expedited is an extra $ 60 , plus delivery fees , which are n't nothing .
There are private expedition services that can deliver your passport , get this , in as little as 24 hours .
Well , I like that .
It costs a lot of money , though .
It will cost you around $ 150 , not including delivery .
But if you want to find companies in your area , go to the National Association of Passport and Visa Services .
They have a website , naturally , napvs.org ,
or check out Visa and Passports to go at vp2go.com .
What about the folks say in Caribbean tourism ?
They ca n't be all that excited about all that 's going on here , can they ?
