... with Colorado Department of Transportation is on the line with us .
You are the spokesperson or a spokesperson , Mr. Wilson .
We just heard from one traveler who said that it was bumper to bumper on U.S. 40 when they were turned away after the avalanche .
What can you tell us ?
Yes , well , it would be bumper to bumper because we have closed the roadway down .
And U.S. 40 , which is the road over Berthoud Pass , is going to remain closed between Winter Park and Interstate 70 for the foreseeable future .
Right now , we 've had several cars that were buried by this avalanche that was about 200 feet wide and 15 feet deep .
And the crews are saying that 's the largest avalanche slide that they 've ever seen in those areas .
It went down three chutes of what 's knows as the Stanley Slide on the east side of Berthoud Pass .
When you say several vehicles , can you give me an idea about numbers ?
Because earlier we were reporting at least two .
It sounds to me like you know of more .
Actually , I do n't .
I mean , it was at least two .
I have n't heard of more .
I know there 's been about seven people that have been transported to the hospital .
It 's not a flight -- fight for life situation .
They 've been transported via ambulance .
But I do n't know -- there may be more .
We 're continuing to do probes through the avalanche area to make sure there are no more vehicles in that area .
But we 're hoping that we 've gotten everybody out of there that were caught .
At what point will you think you 're pretty certain about other vehicles not being in danger ?
Well , once we get through all that entire area ...
How long does that take ?
Well , it all depends .
You know , we were talking about snow that 's 15 feet deep and 200 feet wide .
I mean , they 're doing it as quickly as possible .
But in those kinds of conditions , when you are talking about deep snow it takes some time .
But you can get through them fairly fast .
So , I 'm wondering , you know , how many snow movers and blowers do you use to try to move 200 feet wide of snow and 15 feet deep ?
What do you have out there ?
Well , as many as necessary .
We 've got maintenance facilities that are real close by to there .
It 's not in like what you would call a desolate area from our maintenance crews .
Since it is a mountain pass over the Continental Divide , we have maintenance crews that are located very close to there .
So we have several vehicles out there , plows and a lot of maintenance personnel out there working .
And what about personnel , whether they be on skis or whether they are doing manual searches , you know , on their own without the kind of heavy snow-moving equipment involved ?
I 'm sorry .
You cut out just for a second there .
What was the question ?
Would you end up having a lot of rescuers on foot doing real manual searches who are not using some of that heavy snow- moving equipment ?
WILSO
