You know , this -- this is just one of those rare , rare things .
I mean , to have one missing child found is -- is just extraordinary .
To have two found at the same time is -- is just one of those things that I do n't even know if you ever even read about things like that .
Jubilation in Missouri today .
Two sets of parents overjoyed at dual reunions with two missing boys .
Police found Ben Ownby and Shawn Hornbeck in the same apartment Friday .
Ownby had been missing for four days .
Hornbeck had been missing for four years .
America 's Heartland is in the chilling grip of a brutal ice storm today .
At least three highway deaths in Oklahoma are blamed on that storm , which dumped a half an inch of sleet and ice .
Thousands are without power as well .
Another round of wintry weather is hitting the area today .
And in the Middle East , U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice is trying to breathe new life into the roadmap for peace .
She 's meeting with Israeli and Palestinian leaders during her stop in the region .
Later , she also hopes to urge Iraq 's neighbors to support President Bush 's planned U.S. troop buildup .
As the congressional debate over increasing troops levels in Iraq heats up here at home , three U.S. lawmakers are visiting Baghdad .
Senators Hillary Rodham Clinton , Evan Bayh , and Representative John McHugh are meeting with Iraqi officials today .
They 'll also visit U.S. troops before heading to Afghanistan .
It is being called the miracle in Missouri .
Here 's what we know .
Two teenage boys are safe and sound today , reunited with their families after both were kidnapped four years apart .
Their alleged abductor is expected to be arraigned next week .
The FBI said 41 year-old Michael Devlin could also face federal charges .
Little is known about him , but police are exploring Devlin 's background and interviewing people who know him .
The families of both boys are ecstatic over the homecomings .
Shawn Hornbeck was gone the longest , over four years .
Little has been said about how he and Ben Ownby were treated , but apparently Hornbeck does have some thoughts about the age progression photos of him released to the public .
About the only comment that I 've heard so far was that the first age progressed photo was an insult .
We agreed .
That was one of the ones that we did n't like either .
And so we 've reached the consensus that that first one just really was n't any good .
Well , it 's so nice they can all laugh about that and other things right now .
Well , so far no details have been released about what was found in the apartment where the boys were allegedly held .
A man who knows the agony of what these families had been going through , Marc Klaas .
But in his case , there was no happy ending .
After Klaas 's 12 year-old daughter , Polly ( ph ) , was kidnapped at knife point from her mother 's California home in 1993 , her body was found two months later .
Marc Klaas founded the Klaaskids Foundation , dedicated to fighting crime against children .
Klaas says that this latest reunion of the boys underscores finding missing children is a team effort .
