Get moving .
Do things as subtle as you want .
Even if it 's a sport , or even if it 's washing the car or household chores , but get yourself to be a little active .
And if you do these things , you will keep yourself on track and it wo n't be a difficult situation .
GUPT
That 's good advice .
And the food diary really seems to work because you pay attention to how much you 're eating .
Let me ask you something before we go to our inbox , just in general .
We 've gone from being a nation that used to be one of the most fit , robust nations in the world , to becoming a nation that 's remarkably overweight and obese .
Why do you think we got there ?
How did we get to this place ?
We got there really easily .
First of all , we got there because the fast food industry is high in calories , high in fats , high in foods that are really foods that will make you eat a lot them and also will make you overweight .
The second thing is the portion sizes are gigantic .
When I was a kid , I went to the movies .
I got a small bag of popcorn .
Now you get fed a bucket of popcorn .
The portion sizes are great .
The foods are high in fat .
There 's food everywhere you turn .
And these are the things that make people gain weight .
Plus , we 're not as active .
You do n't even have to get up and go across the room and change the channel on the television .
You hit a remote control button .
And these are the things that have put us in a position that we do n't want to be in .
And we 're really unhealthy .
And the biggest problem is , this is the first generation of children that are going to have a shorter life span than the previous generation .
And that 's totally unheard of .
Dr.
Howard Shapiro , thanks so much for being with us .
Good advice , as you always give .
We really appreciate that .
It 's my pleasure .
All right .
And we 've got a lot more coming up .
First though , check your medicine cabinet .
When we come back , what you need to know about where you keep your medicine and when it 's time to toss it out .
Plus , a new program targeting veterans .
Why their health is at risk and what 's being done about it .
But first , more of this week 's medical headlines in " The Pulse . "
A drink or two a day may help men with high blood pressure lower their risk of a hard attack .
A study of 11,000 men suggests small amounts of alcohol reduced the risk of hard disease by raising levels of good cholesterol and reducing the likelihood of blood clots .
The Consumer Product Safety Commission says portable generators are so dangerous they ought to carry danger levels .
Deadly concentrations of carbon monoxide can result in generators used in closed space .
Children who do n't get a good night 's sleep may be more likely to be depressed .
A study published in the journal " Sleep" looked at over 500 kids with depression .
More than 70 percent reported sleep disturbances like insomnia , the inability to sleep , and hypersomnia , sleeping too much .
