He erased the word negro from our vocabulary .
We were negro until James Brown said " Say It Loud -- I 'm Black and I 'm Proud . "
It was n't just a word .
It was , we would define it ourselves , and proudly do it .
Thus , I think , began this total love that people have for him .
He always remained humbled .
Always remained humble .
He was a tiger in the boardroom , but in the streets he was gentle as a lamb .
I do n't care who it was , he had time for it , which is why I think the people are turning out by the hundreds of thousands like they are , because he knew -- they know he was their star .
What do you think James Brown is thinking right now as he sees the number of people that have come to show their respect ?
I think he is humbled and I think at the same time he is vindicated , because he always told us , I am going to make more impact than even you all think .
And even though he knows they are going to criticize him , Michael says he do n't care what they say .
Michael came for you today , Mr. Brown .
Come on up , Michael .
Come up here .
Brothers and sisters , as I bring the family and then Mr. Bobbit ( ph ) , and then we will conclude the eulogy .
I think it is only appropriate , based on my last conversation , we hear some words of expression from Michael Jackson .
Hello .
What I 'm going to say is brief , but to the point .
James Brown is my greatest inspiration .
Ever since I was a small child , no more than like 6 years old , my mother would wake me , no matter what time it was , I was sleeping , no matter what I was doing , to watch the television to see the master at work .
And when I saw him move , I was mesmerized .
I 've never seen a performer perform like James Brown .
And right then and there , I knew that that was exactly what I wanted to do for the rest of my life , because of James Brown .
I love you .
But -- James Brown , I shall miss you , and I love you so much .
And thank you for everything .
God bless you .
And I love you .
I speaking of the one and only Mr. Bobby Bird ( ph ) !
I sent a message , children , to St . Peter this morning .
I told Peter to open the gates wide , not that James Brown is that tall , but he swaggers and he likes a lot of room to walk in .
You need to open up the gates for the Godfather .
He 's a little short in height .
He 'll be swinging his arms .
You 'll know him because he 'll be walking to the beat of a different drummer .
He 'll be humming a tune you never heard before .
When we first met him , music was only 2/4 .
He cut it into a 1/3.
And the whole world changed a beat because of James Brown .
Rap started from James Brown .
Hip-hop started from James Brown .
Funk started from James Brown .
We got on the good foot because of James Brown .
