Either , " You need to calm yourself .
Maybe you 're having a bad day and it 's really , you know , not fun being here .
But when you get in the seat and we 're going to take off .
You 're either going to do it yourself , or do you want mommy and I to put you in your seat ? "
Yes .
But you know what they do when they make the stiff back and they wo n't get in the seat and all of that .
And it 's really difficult .
So , should you explain to the child why this is necessary , kind of walk them through that ?
No.
No ?
You tell them , " You need to get in the seat so they can take off . "
Once they get in their seat , they can play a game , they can watch a movie , they can ...
Ah , the little bribe .
Well , it 's a win-win choice .
( INAUDIBLE ) kicks in .
But at some point you can use some force .
( INAUDIBLE ) pick you up and put you in the seat .
All right .
No, absolutely not .
You pick her up , you put her in her seat , you fasten her seatbelt .
Then you start to calm her down .
But once she 's in the seat with the seatbelt , the plane can take off .
And you 've got some time to calm her down m .
But trying to talk her into getting up on her own ( INAUDIBLE ) seat , that 's where parents lose it , where they try to be ...
And the child 's mad .
The parents are mad .
Yes .
So let 's just move this on a little bit to that spanking legislation ...
Right .
... where parents could face a $ 1,000 fine , maybe even jail time .
Is that taking it too far ?
Jail time is certainly taking it too far .
And I do n't think that 's the intent of the bill .
I think the intent of the bill is to say , we can do better than spanking children .
We 've all got better discipline techniques .
We know spanking does n't work in the long run .
With spirited kids , it 's like throwing water on a gas fire , a oil fire .
You just fill it up .
So it does n't work ?
I mean ...
Let me tell you , it worked on me .
In the short run it sometimes works .
And it helped better 20 or 30 years ago than it does now .
Why is that ?
But in the long run -- because kids see it as disrespectful and unfair .
And in their unconscious mind , it 's , you hurt me , I 'll have to hurt you back .
Oh , I see .
And for them to hurt you back is by misbehaving more down the road .
And parents tend to understand that it 's disrespectful in a society for us to hit people .
We do n't live in a society that tolerates corporal punishment anymore .
We do n't have the stockades .
We do n't have ( INAUDIBLE) .
Kids see that and say , why are you hitting me ?
But quickly , as a parenting specialist , having an age limit on when you can spank a child , is that important just physically because really little children ca n't handle a spanking ?
