He ca n't hear me .
All right .
We 'll check in Gary with later on .
Man , I do n't envy him that assignment .
Hey , we 'll be right back .
Stay tuned .
Some of the memories of this past year .
It is hard to believe from where we stand here in Times Square , but according to hotwired.com ,
Chicago is the number one New Year 's Eve destination here in the U.S. this year .
What 's so special about Chicago , you might wonder .
Well , Robin Meade is there , anchor of " Robin & Company " on HEADLINE NEWS.
Robin , hard to believe given the party here , but it looks you all are having a good time there .
Yes .
I think we are having a good time .
We do n't have the million people in the street that you have , Anderson .
But we were kind of asking around .
I wanted to get a feel for the difference between New Year 's Eve Chicago and New Year 's Eve , New York .
So , it 's one of those deals where it 's all about the bars and the ballrooms like this , and the Bears tonight because they were playing in downtown .
So just one of the reasons why a lot of people here say , hey buddy !
Obviously , so let 's ask them .
What 's the difference in your opinion between New Year 's Eve in Chicago and New Year 's Eve in New York ?
We know how to dance .
And we got it down .
See , Anderson , I guess she knows how to dance .
So what 's the difference between the two cities ' New Year 's Eve celebration ?
We got an hour on New York !
Woo!
You what ?
We got an hour !
You 're louder ?
Yes .
You are louder than New York !
OK .
What 's the difference between partying here and partying in New York for New Year 's Eve ?
This is the home of comedy .
It 's fantastically smashing here , baby .
OK .
You know , one difference is an hour , obviously .
Time-wise .
What do you think ?
Why are you here and not in New York ?
Because Chicago was the number one destination for travelers for New Year 's Eve .
Because we have a winning football team , woo , the Bears !
Hey , little does she know the Bears lost tonight .
Shhh .
Let 's not tell her .
What do you think is the difference between New Year 's Eve in Chicago , New Year 's Eve in New York ?
You know it 's a big deal there .
Yes .
We have got a better hospitality than New York .
Oh , I do n't know .
They do pretty well .
Do n't you think so ?
I do n't know .
OK .
One more shout for Chicago .
Oh , they do n't want to shout .
OK .
There 's a difference , I guess .
I think it 's all spread out and that 's the difference between the party here and where you are , Mr. Anderson .
Robin , I think you have the makings of a " Girls Gone Wild " video right there .
But I think we 're going to cut away before any of that stuff happens .
You had better get out of there before that happens .
Robin we 'll check in with you shortly as we ring in the New Year 's in Chicago and New Orleans and San Antonio in the Central time zone .
