CNN 's Michael Ware kidnapped on Haifa Street and nearly killed .
An unbelievable story he tells first person .
It 's next in the NEWSROOM.
Let 's catch you up now on the stories that we 're following for you right now .
For the third time in the past eight days an American helicopter crashes in Iraq .
It happened today during heavy fighting around Iraq 's holy city of Najaf .
Two people aboard we understand are confirmed dead at this time .
Democrat House Speaker Nancy Pelosi is in Kabul , Afghanistan meeting with President Hamid Karzai .
Their talking point , utilizing additional U.S. troops to fight a resurgent Taliban movement .
A princely performance you might say .
Look at this on the basketball court , Britain 's Prince Charles shot some hoops today at a charter school in Harlem , New York .
He and his wife Camilla are wrapping up a two-day visit to the United States .
Of course , though , our focus today as we bring you the news of this battle that is raging in Iraq we want to take you to yet another hotspot that we 've been focusing on and we show you images that are as vivid as they are in many ways frightening to look at .
This is the battle for Haifa Street .
U.S. and Iraqi troops going from building to building , from street to street .
Their target , Sunni insurgents and some Shiite militias who have been fighting for a piece of this neighborhood for an awful long time .
The U.S. military is hoping that this operation and others like this will eventually secure the city in some way when thousands more U.S. troops are able to come in and hit the ground running .
Wednesday Haifa Street , downtown Baghdad .
It 's like the period at the end of a sentence , a sentence that reads , take them out .
U.S. and Iraqi troops targeting insurgents in one of those buildings .
The terrain , high-rises .
And apartment buildings .
Windows , roof tops .
It 's a day-long battle that requires patience , sharp eyes , and perfect aim .
That blue door over to this summit area over here in the corner of the building .
They run between there and that blue door .
See , there they go .
Whoo .
They 're running to the right .
There you go , there you go , there you go .
That 's a moneymaker right there .
Waiting for the perfect shot .
Good shot .
Stop , stop , stop .
You got him .
Insurgents so close the soldiers do n't need binoculars to see them .
Back on this rooftop American troops and Iraqi counterparts are under fire .
An Apache helicopter ca n't get the shot so coordinates are radioed to a site far away to finish the job .
Listen closely .
A bit more chatter from soldiers .
Shot .
There you go , a shot .
Mortar .
And -- the period .
A precision-guided missile .
The building that was , for a short time , a refuge for insurgents , completely leveled .
Keep in mind these are pictures we 've been getting of the actual battle with the soldiers there .
The camera was just feet for them .
And when it was all over , at least 30 insurgents had been killed , 35 others were detained , two American soldiers wounded in the battle , and one unfortunately was killed .
