Here 's a reminder about our e-mail question this morning .
Send your thoughts in .
Here it is : Does criticism of the war hurt the troops on the battlefield ?
What do you think ?
E-mail us , weekends@cnn.com .
We 're going to read some of those responses a little bit later today .
We 're back in 90 seconds .
Oh it just looks cold .
It looks cold .
We 've got spoiled for a little while .
A little way 's back it was so nice , and the sun was out and we were in shorts and t-shirt around Christmastime .
Now that winter 's around we 're all losing it .
We 're going to talk about this now , driving dangerously .
Too many vehicles , and not enough experienced motorists .
Yes , it is a deadly mix in China .
CNN 's John Vause reports now from Beijing .
To drive in China is to risk some of the deadliest roads on Earth .
Each day , a staggering 600 people are killed in traffic accidents according to the world health organization .
More than 200,000 killed every year .
China accounts for 2 percent of cars worldwide , but get this , 15 percent of all global road fatalities .
And the government says most are caused by incompetent drivers .
Little wonder that for new drivers , like 42-year-old Sun Yuxia , heading into the real world is just terrifying .
" There are accidents all over the road , " she says .
" But when I get more training , I 'm sure I 'll be fine . "
Across China , 5 million new drivers graduate each year after 58 hours at ( UNINTELLIGIBLE ) driving schools .
Many learners are older , in their 50s and 60s , who 've never driven before .
" The most difficult student is the one over 50 , " says the school 's headmaster .
" Their coordination is a little slow .
And they take much more time . "
Here , they slowly maneuver around a crowded track , never getting into top gear .
And that 's part of the problem .
Once the student finishes the course , they take a test at a driving school just like this one .
And if they pass , they get a license , without ever having driven on a highway , or a real city street .
Come April , municipal authorities in Beijing will change all that , sending students into this .
China 's heavily congested capital , where 1,000 new cars are registered each and every day .
Competing with millions of others , with mostly new drivers behind the wheel , because private car ownership here took off just six years ago , when prices began to fall .
So in this bumper-to-bumper traffic , most have the driving experience of a teenager .
And we all know what that means .
John Vause , CNN, Beijing .
Oh , do we know what that means .
I have plenty of accidents under my belt as a teen , that 's for sure .
Got a clean record over here , baby .
Really ?
I 'm impressed .
Very clean record as a teen .
Two accidents , in the last few months .
Ah .
Not a good --
Only one was your fault , though .
That 's true .
But we 'll move on .
One for two , ai n't bad .
Well coming up , here , after the break , we 've got the new hotness in crowd control .
UNIDENTIFIED MAL
