The Democrats are not going to solve the problem .
The Republicans are not going to solve the problem .
So the U.S. dollar will continue to slide , which means the average little guy has to get into more debt because of purchasing power if the dollar is going down .
This is a crucial event .
I 'm very concerned about it .
OK .
And on the opposite end of the spectrum , let 's talk about savvy investors , because you make a really impressive claim in your book .
You say that you and Donald Trump , together , with your plan , can beat renowned investor Warren Buffett when it comes to rates of returns .
Essentially saying that he make be richer , but with your method , you can make people richer faster , and with less money .
What 's the key ?
Well , the key is real estate .
And the second key is to use debt .
The moment you use debt financing , you can get richer faster because your ROI , your return on investment , goes up with debt .
But I caution you , do n't do it right now if you 're an amateur .
The only reason debt will work is if you find a great project .
If you cannot find a great project , you should not use what we talk about .
So debt can actually increase your return of investment .
It can also decrease your rate of investment .
So that 's the cautionary word .
Well , you know , a lot of investors , a lot of people who advise people on how to use their money wisely will say , you know , do your 401(k ) , do these mutual funds , do all of these things .
But you personally say mutual funds are a rip-off .
Why is that ?
Well , not only me .
It 's a man named Jack Bogle .
He 's the CEO and founder of the Vanguard Funds .
He wrote a book , " The Battle for the Soul of Capitalism . "
I would read that book .
If you love mutual funds , read Jack Bogle 's book .
It 's one of the best-written , clearly-written books on why mutual fund companies are ripping off the investor today .
It 's just like that guy who departed Home Depot .
He took $ 210 million of investor money .
Bogle says the same thing about Jack Welch .
So the little investor today , I really feel for them .
That 's why I recommend silver .
Twenty bucks , you 're in the game .
You actually control it .
And this from a man who started out as a Xerox salesman .
Now , you know , a best-selling author , hanging out with " The Donald . "
That 's right .
We appreciate your time today .
Happy New Year to you .
Thank you .
Same to you .
A man who would know , right ?
I 've got to go get a silver coin .
Yes .
We 're buying silver today .
Well , coming up , folks , do you need help saving all that hard-earned money of yours ?
Well , your cell phone could be the answer .
Put the credit card away .
I do n't really need to buy those shoes .
Ring tone resolutions keeping you on track in the new year .
That 's a good idea .
And look out below .
Strange things are falling from the sky .
That 's one example of it .
