But as the Treasury Department aggressively tries to isolate Iran foreign companies using American capital markets are injecting funds into a country with a long list of dangerous ambitions .
Like , sponsor terrorism in Iraq , destabilizing that country , taking over Lebanon , building nuclear weapons , buying ballistic missiles and the like .
C-nouk in Beijing did not answer e-mails seeking comment .
By law this proposed C-nouk deal requires the president to launch an investigation to determine what sanctions apply .
Congress is also looking into the matter .
It 's on the top of the agenda for the House Foreign Relations Committee .
Christine Romans , CNN, New York .
For more on communist China 's moves to extend its geopolitical and economic influence around the world I talked with Congressman Tom Lantos , he is the new chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee .
And the congressman , well I asked him what he 's going to do about China 's actions .
We have a law on the books and it 's up to the administration to fully enforce it .
Next week I am calling Secretary Rice to get an assurance from her that sanctions will be imposed on China if China goes ahead with its plan to put $ 16 billion into Iran , which obviously will be used , least in part , to develop nuclear weapons .
The administration has a legal obligation to place sanctions on Iran .
This has not been done in the past .
And I will insist that it be done and if the answer is unsatisfactory , I will hold early hearings on this subject .
Will you also consider whether or not the administration , as required by law , irrespective of its powers permitted under that law to ultimately waive sanctions ?
It is required under law to begin an investigation immediately .
Will you also be looking into when that investigation began , whether it began at all ?
Absolutely .
And I will seek assurance from the secretary of state that the sanctions will not be waived .
We simply cannot allow China to supply Iran with billions of dollars to be used for the development of nuclear weapons .
As chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee , Congressman Lantos , one of great voids , some would argue many voids in U.S. policy has been focus in clear strategy in the Western Hemisphere , moving if I may quickly from the Middle East , but Central and South America have been all but ignored in the minds of many , by this government .
Are you going to , as well , focus on that issue ?
One of our highest priorities will be developments in our own hemisphere .
The most serious problem obviously is Venezuela where Hugo Chavez goes out of his way to insult and attack the United States .
Let 's turn to the 100-hour priorities of the speaker , Nancy Pelosi , wants a great deal accomplished in quick order .
Are you confident that she and the Democrats will be successful in the House and then ultimately in the Senate ?
I am convinced that Speaker Pelosi will be totally successful in achieving the goals that she outlined in the House .
What will happen in the Senate is a more difficult question .
Because the senate is very narrowly divided .
And there is always the danger of a presidential veto .
