Just hollering at them , calling them in .
They hear that siren , they come in for -- so I can give them a little feed .
Cattle are our livelihood out here .
And so here 's what we are talking about .
It 's this layer of ice that is on everything still .
And the roads are still very hazardous out there in the entire region where this ice storm has hit .
We are talking about a really big region , everywhere from St . Louis , to down here , to parts of Dallas .
We 've heard about seven deaths so far connected to this storm .
So , it 's very dangerous .
We are still talking about delays in that airport system .
And T.J. , I can tell that you a lot of us are still waiting for our luggage , including me .
Which will teach me not to check my luggage from now on , I guess .
Hey , come on .
All you need is that CNN hat and you 're good to go .
That is all you need .
I could use maybe a new , clean shirt .
But we 'll talk about that .
No, just that .
All right .
You can wash that out in the sink .
You 're good to go .
No problem .
Come on , Reggie .
Thanks so much , Reggie .
Thank you , Betty .
I 'll do that .
You know , we want to talk to Reynolds now about the weather situation , because it 's one thing to have all this ice just packed on top of each other -- itself , I should say .
But then , Reynolds , once this starts to melt off , are we going to see some flooding ?
You know , I do n't think it 's going to be a huge issue .
Well , the MLK national holiday is tomorrow .
But in the meantime , you sure can go to our Web site , CNN.com , to read up right now about the legacy of the civil rights leader .
And Nicole Lapin here with more on what 's happening at CNN.com .
Good morning to you , Nicole .
Good morning , T.J.
Well , it 's been almost 40 years since MLK 's death and , still , so many people want to know more about what 's behind the words , what 's behind that legacy .
So online we really have an unprecedented look at the papers of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. , his notebooks , his essays , and his first drafts .
It 's all there online at CNN.com .
So take a look at this .
And you know " I Have a Dream . "
It 's a line almost synonymous with Dr. King , that famous march on Washington in 1963 .
But T.J. , did you know that the whole speech was adlibbed ?
Here you see right here the notes where he crossed out , where he underlined passages , playing with the whole idea of the dream .
But that 's not what was intended for that famous speech on the Mall .
It was originally called " Normalcy , Never Again . "
But you can see the thought process and the origins behind that idea , what , of course , came out when Dr. King was just adlibbing .
And these are so fascinating .
These documents come from his alma mater , Morehouse College , in Atlanta .
And online , what we 've done is we scanned the originals .
And you see the copies right there .
