It` s not just women .
Even Hollywood` s A-list have their best buds .
Look at Jake Gyllenhaal and Matthew McConaughey .
I` m going to say , that` s my favorite best- friend pair ( INAUDIBLE )
Yes .
McConaughottie ( ph ) and Jake .
Jake Gyllentho ( ph ) .
Yes .
Delicious .
Shirtless .
Shirtless and delicious .
Yes .
( INAUDIBLE ) wet and glistening in the sun .
Yes .
Best friends .
Like two scoops on a - on a hot summer day .
Matt and Jake are a perfect example of the new trend in male relationships .
It` s been called man date , or the gro-man .
As opposed to go-man .
And this is the really kind of sexy guys being together , hanging out .
It` s not just the good times , but the bad times when Hollywood friends stick together .
Case in point : Madonna taking to the airwaves of the " Today " show to defend her friend Rosie O` Donnell during Rosie` s latest controversy .
If ever stand-up comic was penalized for saying politically incorrect things or provocative things , I think they`d all be hung in the public square .
So people are giving Rosie a hard time .
I wish they`d stop .
If you do some thing that is outrageous , that the rest of the world may criticize and say that you`re a fool about , and - or whatever , and you rise to the occasion , as Madonna did with Rosie to defend a friend , it is the true example of your trustworthiness .
You are who your friends are .
It` s an age-old quote .
So SHOWBIZ TONIGHT is wondering , Did n` t these three know that ?
Pantyless party girl Britney Spears and her new best friends , Paris Hilton and Lindsay Lohan .
When you have a trio like Britney and Lindsay and Paris , and - where they`re taking and stealing each other` s boyfriends and then get angry , and - it` s a love-hate relationship that` s not based on what we know as the best kind of relationship .
But let` s forget them for a minute .
SHOWBIZ TONIGHT can tell you the newest friendship all Hollywood is talking about : Katie Holmes and Posh Spice .
Katie showing Posh around Hollywood , where Posh and husband David Beckham will soon call home .
I was glad to see Katie get out the house .
I` m going to be honest .
Yes .
Really ?
OK .
You right .
You right .
Even if it is with Posh Spice .
Maybe she can get Posh Spice to eat .
I mean , what do they talk ?
You`re thin .
So are you .
So why do celebrities find best friends in other celebrities ?
Birds of a feather flock together , and a best friend basically shows either you who are now , or who you really want to be .
One more Hollywood friendship I got to mention , because it truly has stood the test of time : Ben Affleck and Matt Damon .
They even one their first Oscars together , of course .
Now Brooke , I know you spent some time with him today .
But how` d you like to spend a little time with Donald Trump at your bathroom at home ?
Oh , ca n` t say that I would want to do that , A.J.
But next , we do have some good news for any body who might like that idea .
