So we were given a one-time showing , three-minute video , very grim , as of course any execution is .
Two frightened men -- two deeply frightened men in orange jumpsuits , Guantanamo-style , standing on the trap doors , black hoods being put over their heads as they intoned the muthrad jihada ( ph ) , the prayer before death -- " There is no god but God . "
And then the drop .
And as Mr. Barzan Ibrahim al-Tikriti , the former head of Mukhabarat Secret Police and Mr. Hussein , his younger half-brother dropped the eight feet that was allowed by coiled rope at his feet , his head just snapped off just like that in an instant .
The camera then -- movie camera moves forward and looks into the pit beneath the gallows , where we saw him lying face down , headless , a pool of blood accumulating around his neck , and his head still in the black hood about five feet behind him in the pit .
It seems what happened was that the Iraqi officials who had worked hard to try and get this one right just got it wrong .
When it came to their drop charts , as the hangmen call them -- and this man of medium build , medium height was just dropped too far and too fast .
As you know , John , there 's going to be skepticism , especially among Sunni Arabs , that this was an accident .
Did it look like an accident based on the video that you saw ?
It did look like an accident .
And the pains to which Mr. Maliki , the Iraqi prime minister 's officials went to lead us through this step by step , and what they described as intensive consultations with Western humanitarian organizations after the Saddam hanging to make sure that this one was done with dignity , respect for the condemned men .
I must say , left me feeling that these people -- this is a blighted government .
It just seems like everything they touch somehow goes awry .
So I do n't think this was intentional .
I think it was botched .
And to be fair , they did tell us that in making their calculation , the hangmen 's calculations , what they wanted to do is to make sure these two men died instantly .
Now this is a pretty , macabre science , but you only have to go to the Internet and look at the " American Military Handbook For Executions " , signed by Dwight Eisenhower when he was chief of staff of the Army in 1947 to look at the drop charts .
And you 'll that a man about five foot eight , five foot nine , as Mr. Tikriti was , about 170 , 175 pounds by American military calculations needed a good deal less than eight feet of free rope for the hanging .
In other words , they gave him too much rope , he accumulated too much speed and momentum , and it just ripped his head right off his body .
Was there audio on the videotape that you saw ?
The three minutes of this execution ?
Did you hear anything in that room ?
That 's a reporter 's question , Wolf .
Coming from you it does n't surprise me .
Of course , it 's a crucial question because it was the audio on the illicit camera phone recordings of Saddam 's execution that told us all we now know about the sectarian taunting and mockery of Mr. Hussein .
