We are tackling them with troops .
So let it not be said that Pakistan is not doing enough .
If there is anybody who 's not doing enough , it is others who are not doing enough .
And , in fact , the other big problem is , just like in Iraq , the performance of local Afghan security forces , especially the police , has been spotty .
So in addition to more troops , the Bush administration now plans to plow more money in Afghanistan , more than $ 10 billion , including $ 8 billion for police training and equipment and $ 2 billion for construction , things like roads .
Afghanistan could be a real producer of various types of agricultural products .
But some of those are perishable and by the time -- with the current road system , by the time you get those goods to market , they 're no good .
After months of foot-dragging , NATO has announced it will finally send the rest of the troops allied commanders requested last summer .
But with the level of fighting on the rise , U.S. and NATO generals are saying they may need even more troops as they head into summer .
Jamie McIntyre , CNN, the Pentagon .
The Georgian government reports to the IAEA soon about a Russian man who try today sell weapons-grade uranium last year .
A Georgian tells CNN that Oleg Khinsagov was arrested in February of last year as he tried to sell 100 grams of the uranium to undercover agents in an apartment in Tiblisi ( ph ) .
The official says Khinsagov carried the uranium in two plastic bags in his pocket .
He 's Now serving an 8 year prison sentence in Georgia after he was convicted .
The Georgian government says it 's frustrated by Russia 's response to the thwarted uranium sale .
Moscow has not commented publicly on the allegation , but said the uranium sample it was given by Georgia is too small to determine its origin .
Now , a curfew has been lifted .
But schools and universities are still closed in the Lebanese capital a day after violent clashes shook the fragile country .
At least four people were killed during protests between pro-government and opposition supporters .
Senior international correspondent Nic Robertson is live in Beirut with more on what 's happening right now in the Lebanese capital -- Nic .
Well , it has been much calmer throughout the day .
There 's been very tight security in the capitol , particularly around the area where there was funeral , a funeral for one of the four people killed in the clashes yesterday .
He was buried in a predominantly Hezbollah area of the city .
He was a Shia Muslim .
His wife was at the graveside .
She was crying about his unborn son .
Hit two other young children came to the graveside .
It was a very , very emotional time .
His wife was calling for revenge not against civilians , she said , but against the armed militias she said were responsible for firing weapons into the people that were firing at the university .
There 's been no concrete proof that this has actually happened , but it 's a widely-held suspicion , particularly among the anti-government , pro-Hezbollah supporters who were present during those clashes .
