I know Heidi knows , but I have no clue here .
HD DVD versus Blu-Ray is going to be the next generation format war .
Think of it as Betamax versus VHS 2.0 here .
In this case , it 's going to be for the next DVD player you 'll buy .
Microsoft is supporting HD DVD.
Sony and Ethers are supporting Blu-Ray .
So the industry is split down the middle .
Consumers stuck right in the middle .
They 're having to spend money on the next expensive product here .
You know , there 's no one standard .
You have to pick one of two standards .
Gates is here to talk about a lot of things , including computers that will be running the new Windows Vista operating system .
This is a computer -- that 's a full computer right there -- $ 800 , $ 900 .
And it 's got all the full functions of a P.C. You 've got the trackball there to run your mouse , the cursor and all of that .
He 's also talking about Xbox 360 .
I sat down with him for a one-on-one interview yesterday .
Listen to what he 's -- how he 's characterizing the Xbox 360 .
Suddenly it 's not just a videogame console , it 's a set top box .
Listen to this .
In some ways , you can say this is the ultimate convergence device .
It lets you display a P.C. screen on -- in your living room .
It lets you download movies .
It lets you play the best video games .
And we 're also announcing , for people who are delivering TV over the Internet , like AT&T , which is I.P. TV , that you can use this as a set top box .
And so you do n't have two separate devices there .
Here 's the reason why he 's calling it a set top box .
Tomorrow , Apple Computer 's Steve Jobs opens Macworld .
And they 're going to be announcing an Apple set top box .
So it 's a preemptive strike , if you will , at Apple and the maker of the iPod .
Joining us now is Jim Barry with the Consumer Electronics Association .
Hi , my man .
SAN MIGUE
That 's some of the gamesmanship that goes on here .
Yes .
What do you have for us today ?
A lot of great stuff for automobiles , too .
Here 's a great new unit for your dashboard from Eclipse .
This is one is a car stereo that also includes a removable GPS from TomTom .
So it 's one of those combination devices that also -- will play music and combine navigation and entertainment in your car .
It also will play MP3s .
You can plug your iPod into that so you can play just about any kind of music , as well as take your GPS with you and find out where you 're going .
Less than $ 900 , too .
That 's not bad .
So that 's a very good price .
That 's not bad .
Here 's another GPS unit from Cobra that combines a radar detector and global positioning satellite .
It has a remote control that comes with it .
You can put this up behind the mirror in your car and it will also find -- locate for you these red light cameras that are in a lot of cities now .
