Heidi .
The segue .
Remember the segue ?
Elaine Quijano coming to us from outside the White House this morning .
Elaine , thank you .
President Bush facing an unfriendly majority on Capitol Hill and a public that is showing its anger as well .
Here 's a sampling from the latest CNN/Opinion Research Corporation poll .
More than half of those polled , 55 percent , say the Bush presidency has been a failure and nearly two-third of American oppose President Bush 's plan to send more U.S. troops to Iraq , 35 percent support it .
CNN is the place to watch the State of the Union Address .
Primetime coverage begins tonight at 7:00 Eastern .
You can watch a special two hour edition of " The Situation Room . "
Then , President Bush 's address live on CNN, followed by the Democratic response .
Then , 10:30 Eastern , Anderson Cooper has reaction from around the world , followed by a special midnight edition of " Larry King Live . "
The best political team on television has you covered .
The power of words .
Can President Bush sell his vision to a skeptical Congress ?
We 'll talk with a former presidential speech writer about the challenge coming up .
Santa Ana winds , steep terrain .
An uphill battle to be sure against this southern California wildfire .
An update in the NEWSROOM.
Let 's check out the big board .
The New York Stock Exchange , oh , an hour into the trading day .
The Dow up 10 , which is a nice reversal from yesterday when the Dow closed at about 88 points down for the day .
We will continue to watch the numbers and the business headlines throughout the morning here in the NEWSROOM.
Live in the CNN NEWSROOM , Heidi Collins and Tony Harris .
A Senate confirmation hearing underway right now for General David Petraeus .
He is President Bush 's choice to command U.S. forces in Iraq .
You see Senator Ted Kennedy questioning General Petraeus at this very moment .
Want to go ahead and let you listen in to some sound from the general 's opening comments regarding specifically the fact that the deployment of the U.S. troops and Iraqi troops will begin by going into nine different sectors across the city of Baghdad .
That has raised some concern , especially because they will be establishing themselves in not forward operating bases , but instead inside those particular posts all across the city .
Let 's listen to how that will work , according to the general .
Together , with Iraqi forces , a persistent presence in these neighborhoods will be essential .
Different approaches will be required in different locations .
Whatever the approach , though , the objective will be to achieve sufficient security to provide the space and time for the Iraqi government to come to grips with the tough decisions its members must make to enable Iraq to move forward .
In short , it is not just that there will be additional forces in Baghdad , it is what they will do and how they will do it that is important .
And also a reminder , if you would like to see more of these Senate confirmation hearings , they are going on live right now and you can tune into CNN Pipeline if you 'd like to watch .
