None of this may ever have come to light if it was n't for Chris Nowinski .
He 's a former Harvard football player and professional wrestler who 's had so many concussions he had to find a new career .
And we 'll tell you what part he played in the Andre Waters revelation .
You wo n't believe this .
He 's going to join us for a live interview in our 3 p.m. Eastern hour .
And big oil over a barrel ?
Congress sets its sights on an energy package that could cost the oil and gas industry billions while funding alternative fuel options .
Pull in at the CNN NEWSROOM.
We 'll fill you up with the latest .
Are oil subsidies drying up in Congress ?
House Democrats plan to scrap billions of dollars in tax breaks in the name of renewable energy .
Our Ali Velshi joins us now , live from New York with more .
Explain , Ali .
Hey , Fred .
This is No. 6 of the six things that this Congress wants to do before the 100 hours .
This one is interesting .
When companies -- when oil companies drill for oil and , like the Gulf of Mexico , they do n't own that land that they 're drilling under the sea .
They lease it from the government .
Well , back in the '90s oil was pretty cheap .
It was about $ 11 a barrel .
And drilling for oil and exploring for oil in water is expensive .
So in order to keep the oil companies from going elsewhere to drill , the government gave them this royalty relief .
They did n't have to pay the government royalties until oil got above , say , $ 30 a barrel .
A few of those leases that were written in 1988 -- 1998 and 1999 , through what the government says is a clerical error , did n't contain the clause that said that when oil goes back up , these companies have to start paying again .
So now we have this problem that these companies in perpetuity , with oil at $ 50 a barrel now , but it was as high as $ 78 , they 're not paying royalties to the government .
Well , the Democrats are trying to repeal that .
They 're trying to get those royalties back .
A few of the companies have agreed to pay royalties from here on in but not the back pay .
That 's cost the government about $ 2 billion .
Wow .
The other things that they 're trying to do is impose a conservation fee on all the oil that 's brought out of deep water wells under the -- under the sea .
And they 're trying to scrap some tax breaks that were not meant for the oil industry that were passed in 2004 .
They were meant from keeping manufacturing jobs in the United States , but the oil industry ended up gaining between three-quarters - of-a-billion and $ 1 billion out of that .
So there 's sort of three parts to this whole thing .
The government is moving against the oil industry .
The oil industry is saying , do n't do that because you guys need the oil that we drill for .
All because of a very costly mistake , a mistake that may have cost about $ 2 billion .
That 's pretty big .
So assuming the House passes this measure , then when might the Senate have it ?
