One of the major features of pain is to learn to avoid danger .
And by taking a swig of Tabasco , you 're switching on that avoidance mechanism .
Researchers say a chemical in hot peppers causes that burning sensation .
It 's called capsaicin .
They already know it can lower blood pressure , cholesterol , even fight some cancers .
Now they found that burning sensation of arthritis is likely the discomfort you feel after eating chili peppers .
Those similarities could help scientists zero in on what really causes arthritic pain and lead to the development of better painkillers .
The current analgesics in many patients do not actually reduce their pain .
And the other is , many of them have excessive side-effects .
And scientists are studying more hot stuff , like wasabi and hot mustard , to see how those might also unravel the puzzle of pain .
As for Dr. Antoniades , he thinks he 's solved his weight problem -- a dose of hot sauce , a little pain , and no weight gain .
Dr.
Sanjay Gupta , CNN reporting .
And to get your " Daily Dose " of health news online , log on to our Web site .
You will find the latest medical news , a health library , and information on diet and fitness and hot sauce .
The address : cnn.com/health .
Well , this interview was sizzling , if you caught it .
The question Vice President Dick Cheney refused to answer .
I think , frankly , you 're out of line with that question .
So what was the question ?
Well , everyone is talking about it .
Wolf Blitzer 's tension-filled exchange , straight ahead in the NEWSROOM.
And murders in Mississippi .
Has a cold case been cracked ?
A suspect arrested in connection with two civil rights-era killings .
We are awaiting a news conference from the Department of Justice in a few minutes .
We 'll bring that to you live as it happens .
Fury filling Beirut 's streets today .
Students fighting over the future of Lebanon .
A developing story we 're watching in the NEWSROOM.
And from the NEWSROOM , we continue to follow the developments out of Beirut , Lebanon , where at the Beirut Arab University clashes continue .
We 've been hearing our reports from senior international correspondent Nic Robertson who says they have contained the violence there , but that does not mean that it 's over .
Students clashing over support or opposition to the government there , clashing violently .
It 's led to about two dozen injuries and reports of one student dying .
Right there in downtown Beirut .
We continue to watch it .
As we get more developments , we 'll bring it to you .
Another story we are following this morning , two black teens kidnapped and killed in Mississippi .
Today , 43 years later , a suspect goes to court .
A Justice Department news conference is on the case , it 's set to begin any minute now .
We 'll have that live for you in the NEWSROOM.
Former Sheriff 's Deputy James Ford Seale is charged in connection with the disappearance and deaths of the teens .
Authorities say Charles Moore and Henry Dee were kidnapped while hitchhiking near an ice cream stand in 1964 .
Their bodies found were in the Mississippi River .
Seale and another suspect were arrested but a justice of the peace threw out the charges .
