PAULA ZAHN , HOST , " PAULA ZAHN NOW" : Oh , absolutely .
And it -- and it 's going to be really cold by the time we go on the air tonight , probably below 30 degrees .
But we 're prepared , with all of our kind of subzero gear out here .
There are a lot of pointed questions , Don , being asked about this case .
A lot of critics of the district attorney , who has to recuse himself from this case , believe that these charges never should have been filed in the first place , that he made a rush to judgment , that -- in fact , there are people in this community who feel quite strongly that it was the white players themselves that were victimized , not necessarily the black woman accusing them of rape .
It 's hard to ignore the issue of race in this case .
And , as you will hear from many different guests tonight , who have many points of view , they all think it was a critical factor .
LEMO
Let me get to the guests and to the reporters in a little bit .
But I got a question for .
This case certainly raised a lot of questions nationally when it exploded in the headlines .
That as last spring .
Are the questions about race even more intense there where you are ?
I think so , because Durham , in particular , is a community that has always had a racial divide .
And I spoke with a woman where we picked out -- picked up a quick takeout lunch today who was saying : You know , you do n't understand how much this place has changed economically .
There are great opportunities here .
And just at a time when we thought we were building bridges between these two communities , this happens and , you know , brings out the worst of opinions in both communities .
But there are some very thoughtful people that will weigh in on -- as I mentioned before , on drastically different sides of this issue .
But I would say that the criticism of the district attorney is pretty consistent .
A lot of people feel that he just never had the evidence , nor had he interviewed the accuser before he brought these charges .
And that is deeply upsetting to them .
And there is much speculation that , once the attorney general gets his hands on this , not only will it be months for him to plow through this , but this may not result in any case going forward .
And , Paula , let 's talk about your guests and also about the reporters .
CNN reporters have been doing a lot of digging for this special tonight .
What can we expect to learn from this ?
Well , Jeffrey Toobin , our senior legal analyst , will be joining us tonight .
And he has some very interesting thoughts on the disposition of this case .
You know , it 's pretty easy for all of us to second-guess the district attorney now , but , obviously , he got in a lot of trouble for allegedly leaking information to reporters .
We now know that some exculpatory evidence was not given to the defense team , which would have made clear that the DNA of the -- the three accused men was not found on the victim .
