I mean , we have avalanches that , because we control these , they 're just not as large as this one .
I mean , this one has obviously built up over time .
And for our crews to be commenting that it 's so unusual and massive , this has taken everyone by surprise .
Stacey Stegman of CDOT , thanks so much .
We want to bring in our Bonnie Schneider .
You 've been reporting on the weather that folks in Colorado , particularly around the Denver area , have been experiencing in the past couple of weeks .
But this one , just as we heard from Ms. Stegman , is pretty alarming , to have an avalanche of this size on this pass .
Yes .
That 's right , Fredricka .
All right .
Bonnie Schneider , thanks so much .
We 'll be checking back with you .
Again , if you 're just now joining us , just west of Denver , the big concern right now is a very sizable avalanche which has buried vehicles on US 40 , which is just about 60 miles west of Denver .
The location of this avalanche at Berthoud Pass .
And it 's significant , because a number of vehicles were buried .
But the good news , according to highway officials , is that at least six people were actually rescued , one person injured .
But , because they 're dealing with at least 15 feet of snow and debris piled up on that part of the pass , now they are conducting searches to make sure that they can get to anyone else who may potentially have been impacted by this avalanche .
We 'll have more on this story in a moment .
Hello again .
I 'm Fredricka Whitfield in Atlanta .
We 're watching a story in Colorado just outside Denver .
A massive avalanche has occurred .
What 's unusual here is that this avalanche has directly impacted U.S. 40 which is a highway which is frequented by a number of people , at least in this particular area , who are on their way to winter park ski resort .
The avalanche took place at about -- between 10:00 and 10:30 Colorado time .
And the highway authorities tell us what is encouraging about that time frame is that a number of people were probably already crowding the roads earlier .
But unfortunately this avalanche did impact at least two vehicles and six people were rescued from their vehicles being buried from this snow , snow believed to be at least 15 feet deep along with a lot of debris that has impacted this U.S. 40 highway just outside of Denver .
Our Bonnie Schneider is watching the weather conditions because one big concern right now is the continuing snow advisory where high winds are impacting the situation there , perhaps even helping to trigger this avalanche , Bonnie ?
Really , it 's tough to say what triggered it .
But the winds that are happening right now certainly not helping the situation .
Because the winds are going to be fierce straight through Sunday .
We have a blowing snow advisory for a good portion of Colorado , really through the foothills the front range .
And you can see this actually extends into Sunday .
With good reason .
Some of the sustained winds we 're getting now are west at 25 miles per hour .
But gusts could climb as high as 60 miles per hour over the next 24 hours .
So blowing snow is in the forecast today , tonight , tomorrow .
Even though we 're getting partly cloudy conditions in the Denver area right now , once you start driving further along i-70 to the west , that 's where we 're seeing the winds pick up at the higher elevations .
So that will be the concern .
