And as I mentioned , Ashley 's story and her parents ' decision have created a firestorm of e-mails , blog entries , and editorials .
Medical correspondent Elizabeth Cohen has been tracking the emotional Internet traffic -- Elizabeth .
Thanks , Sanjay .
It seems like everyone on the Internet these days has an opinion about what Ashley 's parents did to their daughter .
Now , a lot of the blogging has been done from other parents with disabled children .
For example , a blogger who calls herself "nuf said " ' wrote , " Ashley 's parents need to be charged with child abuse .
Her physicians need to be locked up for life for mutilation .
I am just revolted . "
Now there have also been positive comments .
For example , Christina writes on the CNN.com
Web site , " We want our children to be happy .
And in the face of such a heartbreaking disability , why would n't we do everything in our power to obtain that happiness ? "
Now this story lives on the Internet .
It 's the only place where Ashley 's parents communicate with the public .
And I 'm sure that we 're going to see even more opinions come out in the days and weeks to come .
Sanjay ?
I bet you 're right .
That sounds like it would be true .
Thanks , Elizabeth .
Whether in you 're 40s and worried about your parents , or you 're in your 60s and beyond worried about senior moments , a new study offers some hope .
Researchers at Columbia University found folate , or folic acid , may reduce the risk of developing Alzheimer 's Disease .
Very interesting .
Scientists discovered that all the people they researched , those who had very little folate in their diet had the highest risk of Alzheimer 's , while those who consumed adequate amounts through diet or supplements had the lowest risk .
Now you may be asking yourself , what is an adequate amount ?
Well , a cup of frozen spinach would work or two cups of peas or a three ounce piece of liver .
Each of those would satisfy your folate needs for the day and these researchers believe lower your risk of developing the memory-robbing disease .
Over the next few decades , the number of Alzheimer 's cases is going to explode .
It 's a fact .
Experts predict a quadrupling , four times in the number of people with the disease .
What many people do n't realize is there 's no definitive diagnosis for Alzheimer 's .
Judy Fortin has that story .
I was relieved , really , because there was a name to it .
It was n't a good thing , but at least I knew that I was n't crazy .
Fifty-year-old Kris Bakowski has early onset Alzheimer 's .
Getting the diagnosis took almost nine months .
Unfortunately , even for the typical form of Alzheimer 's disease that happens in older adults , half of the people in the United States who have Alzheimer 's disease go unrecognized by their physicians .
Dr.
Morris says specialists are 90 percent accurate in diagnosing the disease , but first must eliminate other illnesses and then ask a series of questions to determine extent of memory loss .
It surprises many people that Alzheimer 's disease has no test .
You ca n't do a blood test or a CAT scan or an MRI scan .
