GEN. GEORGE CASEY , CMDR , MULTI-NATIONAL FORCE , IRA
The prime minister it quite clear and as the ambassador mentioned in his opening statement , that militia will not be allowed to be an alternative to the state or to provide and take on local security around the country .
They do n't do that , and he also was very clear to both the Iraqi security forces and the coalition forces that we should target anyone who breaks the law , regardless of their political or sectarian affiliations .
Technically , the Mehdi army is an illegal militia .
So , are U.S. and Iraqi forces about to take on the largest and best organized militia in the country as they try to reclaim Baghdad ?
Perhaps not .
CNN is told that Sadr himself has put the word out , let the Americans in , do n't fight .
His strategy , patience , wait until U.S. forces are gone .
CNN spoke to a cleric inside Sadr City , one familiar with Sadr 's orders and the Mehdi militia .
The Mehdi army they have order now because they are a popular people , normal people .
They do n't have guns or bases for training or bases for the guns or these things , but the schoolers , the imam ( ph ) , the wisdom people they told all their Sadr movement , all the Iraqi people , do n't have any reaction against this crazy people , against this terrorists .
You know the American soldiers are terrorists .
They are killers .
U.S. forces may not focus on Sadr City , concentrating instead on neighborhoods where Sunni insurgents are strongest and the sectarian warfare bloodiest , so Iraqi forces may take the lead in Sadr City .
Mid-level U.S. commanders tell CNN they expect the Iraqi group that enters Sadr City to e largely Kurdish but that there will be a U.S. presence on the ground in their words to make sure things go as well as possible .
Three years ago in the city of Najaf , U.S. forces confronted the Mehdi militia in running battles that killed dozens of people as they tried to arrest Muqtada al-Sadr .
Now U.S. officials say Sadr is an Iraqi problem .
When I say the Iraqis have to deal with Sadr , I mean they have to deal both with the violence he causes and with the political problem that he causes , but I do think that it is best done as an Iraqi responsibility , because of the nature of the problem .
In the battle for hearts and minds of the millions of poor Shiites that live in this sprawling slum , the Mehdi army is changing , casting itself at not just a militia but also as a grass roots organization that delivers services and protection .
We call it army in Arabic language galshul ( ph ) Mehdi , and that is the problem with the translation .
It is not a real army .
It 's like an association , any education , any association doing a service .
What we do , we organize the roads when there is no police traffic there .
We keep the peace between the people .
Which may make the Mehdi army even more entrenched in Sadr City as a state that delivers within a state that does n't .
Cal Perry , CNN, Baghdad .
