And , also , you can continue to watch this press conference , we want to tell you , on the CNN Pipeline .
We will be right back .
Let 's go back now to Capitol Hill , a press conference happening live right now , Senator Hillary Clinton speaking .
Now , behind her , that is John McHugh .
He is a congressman , Republican congressman , from New York .
And , also , Evan Bayh is there , as well , from Indiana , a Democratic senator .
They just got back from Iraq , and they 're talking about what they saw .
... Hagel and who have been working with Senator Levin , Senator Reid ( ph ) , and others to present a bipartisan resolution of disapproval of the president 's policy .
I certainly will support that .
But , from what I have heard out of the administration thus far , I think we will eventually have to move to tougher requirements on the administration to get their attention .
This is a grave matter .
America 's vital national security interests are involved .
And , certainly , the lives and the health of our young men and women in uniform is at stake .
And the Iraqi people 's future is as well .
So , I hope that we can start having a discussion in the Congress among ourselves and -- excuse me -- and with the administration that will lead to a change of course , and not adding more troops , pursuing a strategy that , under present circumstances , cannot be successful .
Thank you very much , Senator .
I will be very brief in my comments , so we can get to your questions .
I think Senator Clinton has provided an excellent synopsis and overview of the situation , much in accordance with my own thinking .
Look , the heart of the matter in Afghanistan is that there are reasons to be hopeful there .
That country is more unified politically .
They do n't want to go back to the days of the Taliban .
And they 're -- they 're -- they support our efforts .
This coming summer is going to be a critical period .
And our military commanders and intelligence officials there have asked for the resources , so that we can get through this critical period , so the Afghans will know they do n't have to hedge their bets , and kind of be sort of for the central government , but also sort of for the Taliban .
so , we need to step up and provide these resources , the additional troops .
There was some concern on the part of our intelligence officials that they may actually be facing a reduction in our commitment to resources in that area to empower our war fighters with the intelligence they need to act against the Taliban .
Cuts like that would be madness at this juncture .
So , we need to step up our efforts there , because the trends are in our favor , if we do what needs to be done .
Iraq , regrettably , is a different situation .
We are laboring under the legacy of civilian incompetence on our own part .
What might have worked two or three years ago simply is much less likely to work today .
And , so , we labor under that burden .
