OK . And , once again , is your Office of Emergency Management reporting that the air is or is not hazardous ?
I have n't gotten that confirmation from my office , so I do n't know the answer to that .
All right .
Maria , hang on just a second .
Our chief meteorologist , Chad Myers , has a question for you .
Chad .
Trying to get a handle on this , Maria .
What time did you smell the odor first and are you still smelling it now ?
I would say it was probably about 9:15 when I left my apartment .
And when I came into my office , all the women in my office -- I live fairly close , so probably by 9:30 , all the women in my office said that when they got into the office here , it was really strong .
But when I did get into the parking lot , it was n't as strong as it was when I left my apartment .
Thank you .
There was an east wind for a while , Tony , that actually could have blown something from the Bleecker area on over toward Jersey City .
But now , since then , really since about 7:30 , the winds have been directly out of the south .
So it would be interesting to really figure out where this is coming from and where the smell is coming from and what it actually is .
And , obviously , Maria , you 've been a great help us to , trying to figure out the location of that .
Thank you .
Maria , thanks for your time .
Thank you very much .
OK .
Maria Pignataro , press secretary for Jersey City 's mayor 's office .
And just in case you are just now joining us , we certainly do n't want you to think , and forgive me if this is just too simplistic , that you are looking at some sort of wafting cloud of toxic smell going across Manhattan .
That is not the case as we talk about this possible gas leak , possibly not .
Our stories are still coming in .
Investigation is still being done as to what this smell that is happening and being reported in New York , a pretty expansive area , too , trying to get to the bottom of it for you .
But those are clouds and it 's a rainy , dreary day in New York , which Chad has told us a little bit earlier , that is a good thing , if there 's some fumes going across the city , good to be able to knock them down with that precipitation there .
So Mary Snow is standing by , our CNN correspondent , at the Time Warner Center , just on the edge of Central Par , there at Columbus Circle .
Mary , what can you tell us now about the very latest that you are hearing from your sources ?
Well , we just got off the phone with the New York City Police Department , which says that it is still looking to see what the source of this odor is .
We also just spoke with Con Edison , that 's the utility company for New York City .
It says it 's working with the fire department and the Office of Emergency Management and that , as yet , it has not detected a gas leak .
