Not all of Harry Reid 's memories of Searchlight , Nevada , are pleasant ones .
Details straight ahead in the NEWSROOM.
And how about that hamburger ?
Is it cloned ?
The FDA says beef and milk from cloned cows is safe , but what do the farmers themselves seem to think ?
I think of their faces , I think of their eyes .
I think of how they look at me .
I think of how much I know they want me to hold them .
A mother charged with kidnapping her own children .
Now she 's returning to the U.S. to face her fate .
The Democratically-controlled 110th Congress has a weighty agenda ahead with the number of legislative goals set for the first 100 hours .
First up , they 'll take a close look at ethics reform , calling for stricter rules .
Democrats also want to increase minimum wage .
Leaders also plan to implement the recommendations of the 9/11 Commission .
And fed up with what they call outrageous oil company profits , Democrats want to cut oil industry subsidies .
And they will take on the hot-button stem cell issue .
Many hope to promote more research on the education front .
Democrats want to cut college costs and the cost of prescription drugs .
On another big issue , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi says she is not ruling out a tax increase on America 's highest incomes .
What we 're saying is , Democrats propose tax cuts for middle - income families .
And we want to have pay-go , no new deficit spending .
We 're not going to start with tax -- repealing tax cuts , but they certainly are not off the table for people making over half a million dollars a year .
Pelosi said the new Democratic Congress will target waste , fraud and abuse in the federal budget , and invest in education and healthcare .
One of Pelosi 's allies is new Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid .
The Nevada Democrat will set the Senate 's agenda this year .
He 's a private man from a hardscrabble background that has shaped his views on public service .
He gives a rare glimpse now of his upbringing to our Dana Bash .
Searchlight , Nevada , a dried-up mining town , a relic of the Wild West .
A truck stop 55 miles from Las Vegas .
Most of the 800 residents live in trailers .
Welcome to Searchlight .
Thank you .
The one house belongs to new Senate majority leader Harry Reid , shaped and scarred in Searchlight .
I 'm a pessimist about everything in life .
That way I have fewer disappointments .
In the distance of this vast property , a mine where his father worked .
Pinky ( ph ) , young Harry 's nickname , would keep dad company .
It was hard to making a living .
And the man that my dad worked for a lot of times would n't pay him or would give him bad checks that would bounce .
The memories can hurt .
My parents both drank a lot , and I was always so glad when they were broke because they could n't afford stuff then .
Then , prostitution was Searchlight 's biggest industry .
Reid learned to swim at one of the 13 brothels , remembers the owner giving kids $ 5 for Christmas .
