What is your outlook on this , putting in more troops into Baghdad , trying to do a security clampdown on both the Sunni and the Shia militants ?
Well , you know , the main problem , Jim , in Iraq is , of course , the question of security .
And unfortunately , the Iraqi forces , security forces and the armed forces , have been heavily infiltrated by the militias and the other armed groups who they are supposed to fight .
And therefore , the government cannot really rely on these forces to do the job of cleaning up the militias and other illegal armed groups .
That 's why the only force available in Iraq is really that of the multinational forces .
But will this ...
Which means the United States , of course .
Will this plan alone then solve that problem ?
You seem to be saying that you have to rebuild almost in their entirety Iraq 's security forces .
Well , we have to -- first of all , we have to clean up the -- these forces from the influence of the militias .
And then secondly , we have to reorganize them so that they can be reliable and then they will not have divided loyalty .
They should have undivided loyalty to the state , allegiance to the state , and not to their sect or their political party .
Otherwise , you 'll never be able to do the job .
Well , as you well know , the American public is frustrated by the situation in Iraq , perhaps just as much as your own vice president , a Shia .
Adel Abdul-Mahdi saying Thursday right there in Davos that the decision to occupy Iraq after toppling Saddam Hussein , to put it under occupation , which "was an idiot decision , " a direct quote of the vice president .
Do you think that the U.S. -- that this is where the error lay ?
No, I think probably what he meant is that after the invasion , a Security Council roes resolution was adopted on the 22nd of May , 2003 , considering these forces , the coalition forces in Iraq as occupation forces , in accordance with the Geneva Conventions .
Which , of course , meant that the country became occupied territory , and administered as such by the occupying forces .
I think this is what he thought was wrong , and I agree with him .
I think -- I believe the reason why the occupation -- or the invading forces were considered occupying forces is because , you know , to give legitimacy to the presence of these foreign forces , because the United Nations Security Council did not give its approval to the military intervention in Iraq .
Well , you know , and the reasons have got to go a lot deeper than that .
It ca n't just be a piece of paper , a U.N. resolution , because as you well know , on the streets of Baghdad and elsewhere in Iraq , that 's not going to have much credence .
What did have a lot of credence , you sat down , you invited to dinner in your home Iraqi generals very early on in this whole affair and tried to talk them into supporting a new Iraq .
