CNN Entertainment reached out to Brandy and her publicist , who gave us the following statement : " Brandy was involved in a car accident December 30 , 2006 , in Los Angeles , where there was a fatality .
She wishes to publicly express her condolences to the family of the deceased .
Brandy asks that you respect the privacy of everyone involved at this time . "
Currently , there have been no criminal charges filed against the singer .
Also coming out of Hollywood are reports that " Grey 's Anatomy " actor Isaiah Washington has entered into a treatment facility to address his issues following his anti-gay slurs directed at his fellow co-star .
Washington has been in the news a lot lately , following his admitted use of the anti-gay slur in reference to co-star T.R. Knight .
CNN Entertainment contacted Washington 's publicist , who confirms the star has begun counseling .
In a statement , Washington says , " I regard this as a necessary step toward understanding why I did what I did , and making sure it never happens again . "
We reached out to the show , who just released the following statement from executive producer Shonda Rhimes .
And she says : " I speak for all the executive producers here at 'Grey 's Anatomy ' when I say that Isaiah Washington 's use of such a disturbing word was shocking and dismaying .
We applaud and encourage Isaiah 's realization that he needs help and his subsequent choice to seek immediate treatment for his behavioral issues . "
So , it looks like , maybe now , Isaiah might be keeping his job at ABC , " Grey 's Anatomy " -- back to you , Don .
All right , thank you , Sibila .
PHILLIP
All right , we 're going to take a quick break , we 'll be right back .
We had gotten word within the past hour and a half that Democratic Senator John Kerry was going to make news on two fronts today , the war in Iraq and also his own political future .
We just heard moments ago when he announced that he will not run for the 2008 presidency .
Here 's what he said .
Two years ago , I sought the presidency to lead us on a different course .
I 'm proud of the campaign we ran , proud of the fact that three years ago , I said that Iraq was the wrong war in the wrong place at the wrong time .
Proud that we defined energy independence and made it for the first time , part of the presidential race .
Proud of a health care plan that we laid out that to this moment remains viable and waiting to be used in order to lower the health care costs for our fellow Americans .
We came close , Mr. President , certainly close enough to be tempted to try again .
There are powerful reasons to want to continue that fight now .
But I 've concluded this is n't the time for me to mount a presidential campaign .
CNN 's senior political analyst Bill Schneider was monitoring this , as well .
Why is he dropping out now ?
Well , there are probably a number of reasons .
One is the Hillary Clinton is a formidable front-runner in this field and she 's absorbing a lot of the money .
Now John Kerry 's wife does have a lot of money , but he spent a lot of that money , his money , her money probably before .
And they may not want to spend anymore .
