And then we 'll look at the case of this teenager , sentenced to 10 years in prison for consensual sex with a teenage girl .
Scooter Libby on trial says he 's a scapegoat .
The former aide to Vice President Dick Cheney on trial for perjury and obstruction of justice in connection with the exposure of Valerie Plame as a CIA operative .
Our legal experts will discuss the case in a moment .
But first , CNN 's Kelli Arena describes another aide 's testimony that could hurt Libby 's defense .
Kathy Martin 's ( ph ) testimony offered rare insight into the inner workings of the vice president 's office and the personal efforts by the vice president himself to control information .
What you 're seeing is this -- for the first time some real disarray at the senior levels of the White House .
Martin , who is Vice President Cheney 's communications chief , suggested that her boss and his chief of staff Scooter Libby were obsessed back in 2003 with gathering information about Joe Wilson , a Bush critic .
At the time , Wilson was challenging the Bush administration 's justification for the war in Iraq based on information he uncovered during a trip to Africa .
They obviously did n't want to let any little spark catch in the fire and they were n't going let one of these frontal attacks go unanswered .
Wilson claimed that he was sent on his mission by the vice president .
But Martin described how Cheney tried to distance himself from Wilson , how the vice president personally dictated talking points for dealing with the press , her notes in evidence telling her to say , quote , " He did not travel at my request .
Do n't know him . "
She testified Libby told her to actually call the CIA to get names of reporters working on stories about Wilson so that the vice president could direct a spin operation with Libby as the front man .
The intrigue at the White House is playing out in the course of this because it 's generally so secret .
Martin 's story flies in the face of Libby 's defense , which claims that he was caught up in so many other issues he did n't pay much attention to Wilson .
The bigger deal of this was inside the White House , the less credible his explanation of misrecollection becomes .
Libby is charged with lying about how and when he found out that Wilson 's wife , Valerie Plame , worked at the CIA .
Martin testified she told him in June of 2003 .
But Libby claims he did n't find out until a month later .
This is a case about deception .
This is a case about lies .
It 's also a case that has most of Washington wondering what other secrets are about to be exposed .
Kelli Arena , CNN, Washington .
Let 's turn to our legal experts about the Libby Case .
Avery Freedman is a civil rights attorney and law professor .
Good to see you , Avery .
Nice to see you .
And Richard Herman is a New York criminal defense attorney .
Good to see you as well , Richard .
Hi , Fred .
All right .
Richard , let me begin with you .
