That 's what the Senate Republican leader , Mitch McConnell , told me on Sunday .
Right .
This is an important statement .
Right .
And you need 60 votes .
Will you have 60 votes to break that filibuster ?
I -- the answer is , I do n't know whether we will have 60 votes to break it .
But think of what the statement says , Wolf -- a sitting president , with the opposition of every major political -- every major -- almost every major military leader , leaders in his own party , two former Republican secretaries of state , former secretaries of defense , all of them telling him : Mr. President , do n't do what you 're about to do .
And , then , on top of that , you come along , and you have a bipartisan resolution saying , do n't do it , Mr. President , and there 's -- they have got to filibuster it to stop it ?
What is wrong with Russ Feingold 's recommendation ; you simply use the power of the purse , which the Constitution gives the legislative branch of the U.S. government ...
Nothing .
... to stop funding this war ?
Nothing wrong with it .
The question is , can that be done quickly ?
And the answer is probably not .
We have a constitutional right to do that .
I have drafted a resolution , which I will be introducing later , a law that says : Look , you have no authority to go to war in Iran , Mr. President , like you seem to be intimating you do , nor into Syria .
In addition to that , we have the power to -- and I 'm working on a resolution that will say , the authorization for use of force that we gave you three-and-a-half years ago is no longer valid .
There 's a new authorization to use , and here are the limitations on your use .
There are constitutional ways to do ...
What about Hillary Clinton , Chris Dodd , Barack Obama ?
They want a cap on how many troops could be serving in Iraq .
Do you think that 's a good idea ?
In principle , it 's a good idea , but , in practice , it may be difficult .
Let me explain what I mean by that , Wolf .
If you talk to the Pentagon , you talk to people who know how the military works , we have thousands of troops outside of Iraq , over the horizon , in case our troops get in trouble .
What happens if there is a real problem ?
Does that limit the president being able to surge troops in to rescue American troops , number one ?
Number two , the way this works , Wolf , is that there is always a movement , in terms of when we ramped up troops .
That is , you extend troops who are there , while new troops are coming in .
There is almost always an overlap .
Then , the number comes down .
It gets pretty dicey figuring out how to micromanage that .
I think the easier way to do this -- will be politically harder -- is to reauthorize and , with significant limitation , on what authority the president has in Iraq , period , period -- in other words , a new authorization ...
All right .
