This " LO U DOBBS THIS WEEK" : news , debate and opinion .
Here again , Lou Dobbs .
There 's rising outrage among Republican members of Congress as former Border Patrol Agents Ramos and Compean have begun serving harsh prison sentences for doing their duty .
Three of the many Congressmen seeking justice for these agents -- Congressman Dana Rohrabacher , Congressman Brian Bilbray -- both of California -- and Congressman Ted Poe , a former prosecutor and judge -- have strong thoughts about the president and about what this president could be thinking .
I do n't remember where there was ever a time when the president of the United States was so out of sync with the national security interests of the American people .
And his policies are so wrong-headed that we end up putting the Border Patrol agents in such a horrible situation , that now what we find is these two Border Patrol agents , who are heroes , putting their lives on the line for us , are -- end up being charged with a crime while the drug dealer goes free .
So I do n't ever remember a presidency as out of sync as this one .
Congressman Bilbray , you -- what have you heard from your constituents ?
What is their thinking as they watch a president , as you gentlemen put it , just arrogantly ignore members of his own party , congressmen in the House of Representatives , ignoring your entreaties , your letters , not responding in any way ?
Well , I was born and raised along the border .
I guess the frustration is the administration from the bottom up just does not understand how out of control and violent the border is , the kind of environment that we 're asking Border Patrolmen to work on .
Anybody that looks at the murder rate in Tijuana understands that law enforcement is being killed all along this frontier .
And to sit there and all along second-guess people in a violent area -- and remember that this was an area where there was a major firefight with assault weapons not too long ago .
Right .
And all I say is that , Mr. President , if you 're going to consider Mr. Kennedy 's amnesty for 12 million illegal aliens , could n't you just add two more Border Patrol agents onto that list ?
DOBB
Congressman Poe , Texan , judge , prosecutor , you have watched this unfold in Texas .
And a number of viewers have said shame on Texas for permitting this .
How do you react ?
Well , it is a bad situation that has occurred in our state .
The border is out of control .
The border agents did their job .
The federal government chose to believe the drug dealer and prosecute the border agents .
Thirty thousand Texans have asked the president through petitions to pardon these individuals .
Total number in the United States is almost 250,000 people have signed petitions asking the president pardon them .
We want the president to do that .
He 's pardoned people in the past , over 100 people , some of those are drug offenders .
And why not a pardon to two people , border agents , that they 'll send a message not only to the Border Patrol that we 'll support you , but it will send a message to the drug dealers , do n't bring drugs to the United States .
