OK .
I 'm ready .
It 's going to help you out .
So , tip number one , you have to de-junk .
You know if you got a lot of great gifts for Christmas , you may want to give the heve-ho ( ph ) to old cell phones , cameras and computers .
And you can even donate Macs and PCs by contacting the National Cristina Foundation at cristina .org .
Find groups in your area that need these donated electrics .
Go to sharetechnology .org .
And if you just want to recycle some old inkjet cartridges , you should do that , and cell phone batteries , check the retailers in your area .
Places like Best Buy , Circuit City , usually have recycled drop off areas .
You know what 's great about these tips is , it 's just -- there are things here , as I look ahead , that you just do n't think of .
And one of the tips , tip two , you say this is a good time to sort of check your insurance coverage .
Why not ?
You know , first of the year , let 's get started right .
And if your area is prone to flooding , you want to get flood insurance .
Contact the National Flood Insurance Program at 888-379- 9531 or you can just get on the web , floodsmart.gov.
And , of course , there are other reasons to improve your insurance protection as well .
Remember , Tony , home values have gone up 50 percent over the past few years .
That means you 'll need more insurance to rebuild your home if disaster occurs .
Contact a contractor for that estimate .
While you are at it , snap a few photos inside the home .
That 's invaluable to making insurance claim .
Now that 's very smart .
I 'm way ahead of this next tip .
Call my handy man .
I 'm impressed .
Well , you know what , those things that keep you up all night , the leaky faucet , other problems . . .
Tell me about it .
You 've got to get a hold of a handy man .
But the question is , who is good ?
Here are some places to go to find some good handy people .
Handymanconnection.com , servicemagic.com ,
homefixology .com .
And if you want to see some reviews from customers who have actually used these people , go to angieslist.com .
They rate these people , which is great information .
I love this last tip .
But , once again , something you may not think of .
This would be a perfect time to do this , at least think about it , get started , trim your payments .
And we 're talking about mortgage payments here .
If you are paying private mortgage insurance because you did n't put 20 percent down on your house when you bought it , now is a time to take a close look at what you 're paying .
If you took out your mortgage after July 1998 and you 've paid off about 22 percent of the loan , your lender has to cancel PMI .
Gotcha .
And any gain in appreciation values , that will help you , too , in getting rid of PMI .
But you have to prove it to your lender .
Gotcha .
Trim your payments .
That 's a good one .
The big " Open House " show this weekend .
What do you have on tap for us , Gerri ?
