They scour countertops , scrub dishes , soak up spills from busy floors .
A lowly kitchen sponge spoils in obscurity ordinarily .
It did , however , get the attention of engineering researchers .
They found that you can safely sterilize sponges .
Microwaving them at full power for two minutes should kill most germs .
Now you know .
Is the pill losing its punch ?
The government 's considering higher standards for birth control pills now .
The FDA pointing out that newer pills do n't appear to work as well as the older ones .
That 's apparently due to lower doses of hormones .
Well , President Bush is expected to make energy one of the priorities in his State of the Union address tonight .
He 's likely to call for a bigger push into renewable sources of energy .
And a fresh government report suggests one solution is to look deeper , underground .
Susan Lisovicz is at the New York Stock Exchange with all the details for us , as usual .
You know everything , Susan .
Well , I 'm trying to know a lot about this , because there 's so much interest in renewable sources of energy , Don .
Yes .
A study commissioned by the Energy Department looks at tapping heat that 's locked miles below the surface of the earth .
Doing so could unleash a significant energy source .
The study says it would cost less than $ 1 billion spread out over 15 years to set up the technology .
Here 's how it works .
Holes would be drilled into granite that are two to three miles deep .
The granite is insulated at a temperature of about 400 degrees .
Water would be pumped down into the reservoir , where it absorbs heat from the rock .
Then the water flows back up to the surface to a power plant .
It appears that the water gives off the heat , generating steam and electricity .
It sounds complicated , but it 's already in use .
There are dozens of power plants that do this on a small scale in Europe and Australia .
The U.S. stopped its research in this area during the 1970s .
In other words , this research -- the last time there was a lot of research was during the last energy crisis , Don .
There was a lot of interest in renewable energy then , too .
And then when oil prices simmered down , it sort of got left behind .
Yes , just sort of put by the wayside .
So is there significant potential , really , in this source , Susan ?
Well , the people who did this study , Don , say that tapping granite for energy could result in 100 billion watts by 2050 .
That 's about 10 percent of the country 's current generating capacity .
And that obviously is important , because energy demand is expected to grow and because many plants that generate nuclear and coal-fired energy will soon be retired .
The study claims that geothermal energy provides a long-lasting option .
We 'll see .
That 's the latest from Wall Street .
Coming up , there 's a gap in the corner office of the Gap .
I 'll have details in the next hour .
Back to you , don .
Oh , very clever of you , Susan Lisovicz .
You 're so smart .
OK , thank you .
