OK .
We will be watching to see what happens .
Thank you , Kathleen .
Somewhat lost in the debate over whether to send additional troops to Iraq is a military surge of different sorts .
CNN 's Gary Nurenberg now looks into the president 's plan to swell the ranks overall of the American military .
President Bush thought it important enough to include in the State of the Union .
I ask the Congress to authorize an increase in the size of our active army and Marine Corps by 92,000 in the next five years .
But some in Congress are skeptical that can be easily done as American casualty figures in Iraq continue to climb .
How do you get people to do it when you are asking people to serve third ask a fourth tour in Iraq ?
One Senate colleague has an optimistic answer .
I 'm sure there are enough patriotic Americans who will join the military .
Take Roger O'Brien of Falls Church , Virginia .
I 'm going to be an infantry soldier and I 'm going to become an infantry officer after completion of college .
The 18-year-old high school senior has enlisted in the marines .
And he 's far from alone .
All active branches of the United States military exceeded their recruiting goals for the month of December with particularly strong showings by the army and marine corps .
One military scholar worries the military to meet the new goals will have to rethink recruiting standards for education , health , and misdemeanor criminal records .
They are going to have to relax standards , hire more recruiters and so on .
They are going to -- they have a very tough doing it .
The pay has risen dramatically , the benefits are very good .
Retired General Don Shepherd is CNN analyst who believes the administration can reach recruitment goals by emphasizing pay and benefits .
Benefits O'Brien finds appealing .
It is the career I want to choose .
You can always be promoted and it is it is job security , as an allowance .
O'Brien 's recruitment is a success story for the military one it has to repeat 92,000 times to meet the president 's goal .
Gary Nurenberg , CNN, Washington .
Former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee is joining the race for the White House .
The Arkansas Republican says he will file papers tomorrow to form a presidential exploratory committee .
On the issues he 's offering what he calls qualified support for president bush 's Iraq policies .
And he opposes the proposals to cut funding for the war .
He supports President Bush 's Iraq policy , and he apposes the proposals to cut funding for the war .
He supports President Bush 's immigration plan and he says some GOP proposals to deport illegal immigrants are unworkable .
He 's also a staunch opponent of abortion rights .
Ohio Congressman and presidential hopeful Dennis Kucinich took the stage at yesterdays anti war rally in Washington .
The Ohio Democrat has made opposition to President Bush 's Iraq policies , the cornerstone of his presidential bid .
He was the only presidential hopeful to attend this anti-war demonstration .
And New York Senator Hillary Clinton is in the midst of her first trip to Iowa as a presidential candidate , she is trailing in the polls there but she would never know it by the size and enthusiasm by her crowds .
More on that from CNN 's senior political correspondent Candy Crowley .
