President Bush behind closed doors today .
He is hammering out final details of his new plan for Iraq .
Sources tell us he wants to send at least 20,000 more U.S. troops to the region , even before he unveils the details in his primetime address .
Some Democrats are vowing to challenge that surge .
CNN will have extensive primetime coverage tomorrow , before and after the president 's address to the nation .
Join us tomorrow , beginning at 7:00 Eastern .
Tackling violent crime in New Orleans .
At least nine killings in the city so far this year .
And community leaders are calling for action .
Recommendations from Mayor Ray Nagin expected as early as today .
Among them could be a call for a citywide curfew and more surveillance cameras .
Just a short time ago , Louisiana Senator Mary Landrieu offered her own call for emergency action from the federal government .
I urge the president and the Department of Justice to make an emergency grant to the city under the Emergency Cops Program , something that was done for New York in a similar fashion .
About $ 60 million over two years was added to the city 's budget to step up their police , specifically after 9/11 .
We are asking for a similar program to be instituted immediately .
Mystery in Austin .
What killed more than 60 birds ?
Ten city blocks reopened after hours of being shut down .
City leaders still are n't sure what happened , but they stress there is no health risk to people .
Preliminary tests for harmful chemicals and pesticides came back negative .
More tests are under way on the birds .
Those results might not be in , though , for several days .
Oceanfront property obliterated .
Take a look at these pictures .
A massive fast-moving wildfire whipped through Malibu .
Four multimillion-dollar mansions destroyed .
Another four badly damaged .
Investigators have moved in looking for a cause .
One fire official says he believes the fire started in a state park just up the hill from the exclusive Malibu neighborhood .
Jacqui Jeras is in the weather center now with more on this and what 's happening in the rest of the country .
Waiting to hear what the president 's plans are for Iraq , not the senior senator from Massachusetts .
Today at 1:00 Eastern , Senator Ted Kennedy voicing his strong opposition to boosting troop levels .
We 'll bring it to you live in the NEWSROOM.
Meanwhile , YOUR WORLD TODAY continues after a quick break .
I 'm Heidi Collins .
The U.S. military is exploring new options in its war in Iraq .
And we 're going to hear from the U.S. president , of course , tomorrow , 9:00 p.m. Eastern .
Jamie McIntyre reports on what they hope are the keys to success for finally stabilizing Baghdad .
Operation Together Forward , the joint U.S./Iraqi plan to take back Baghdad , was highly touted when it was announced last summer .
But within just a few months , it was an acknowledged failure .
MAJ.
GEN.
WILLIAM CALDWELL , SPOKESMAN , MULTINATIONAL FORCE-IRA
Operation Together Forward has made a difference in the focus areas .
But has not met our overall expectations of sustaining a reduction the levels of violence .
