Jerry White is suspected of kidnapping his four children and their mother several hours after breaking into her house , allegedly .
He 's also suspected of critically wounding a man in the house .
The children are between the ages of 9 the years and 16 months old .
Well , they are keeping an eye out for more snow in Texas .
Amarillo got more than eight inches last night , keeping state and city crews working around the clock to help clear the roads there .
And so now to the race for the White House .
The swelling ranks of Democratic hopefuls expanded again today .
To tell us about the latest scramble into the race , CNN 's Bob Franken in Manchester , New Hampshire , where some form exploratory committees and others do n't .
Well , eventually just about all of them do .
It becomes the pre-announcement announcement that an exploratory committee is going to be formed .
And right now you are probably asking yourself , so what is an exploratory committee ?
You were , were n't you ?
Yes .
You read my mind .
Yes .
The exploratory committee is to do just that , to explore -- at least theoretically -- to explore the potential for a presidential candidacy .
But what it also is , is it 's a fund-raising mechanism .
So you decide whether the exploratory committee is actually to explore or to raise money .
But it becomes the precursor to a presidential candidacy .
However , it does not bind the person to run , as evidenced by the fact that Evan Bayh pulled out -- Fredricka .
But they do have to use that money perhaps maybe if they decide not to be a presidential candidate .
They do have to use it for some other kind of campaign , right ?
Right .
There are those kinds of restrictions .
They ca n't just pocket the money .
But , of course , the politician who intends to stay in politics always needs the mother 's milk of money .
If the candidate does decide to run , then the money raised for the exploratory committee can be turned over to the campaign .
All right .
Well , let 's talk about one of the latest candidates , Governor Bill Richardson .
What an incredible resume .
I mean , this man has incredible world diplomacy experience .
He 's also got domestic policy experience .
But at the same time , he 's competing with a few other candidates who are popular for other reasons .
Namely , because they are simply popular and they have got the name recognition .
What 's he up against ?
Well , name recognition , of course , is massively important .
But the thing to remember is that it is a full year -- in fact , almost to the day -- a full year before the primary here .
And there is an awful lot of time for the name recognition to work for or against the candidate .
There is an awful lot of time for some candidate somehow who is not as well known to capture the imagination of voters .
So name recognition is important now .
But it is not the be all , end all at this point in the campaign .
All right .
Bob Fraken , thanks so much , from Manchester , New Hampshire .
