Senator , thanks very much for coming in .
Hi .
Thank you for having me , Wolf .
Barack Obama announced today he is creating an exploratory committee , after , what , two years in the U.S. Senate .
Do you believe he is qualified , he has the necessary experience to be president of the United States ?
Well , it wo n't be my decision to make .
I think that it 's a good thing to have good people in this race .
If you 're running for president for the right reason , it 's because you want to serve your country , and you have decided it 's the best way to serve your country .
I have thought long and hard about that , and made that decision for myself .
And I guess it will be for Senator Obama to decide in the next few weeks whether that 's something he believes he should do .
Well , it sounds like you 're not convinced that he is necessarily ready for -- to run for the presidency .
Oh , I would n't pass judgment over any of the -- on any of the other candidates .
I think the campaign just beginning .
Speaking for myself , I 'm not exploring .
I have made the decision that this is the best way to serve my country .
And we will just see what happens as the campaign goes on .
I think we want good people in the race , because we desperately need new leadership in 2009 .
Here is what you said Sunday in New York City .
I want to play this little clip .
Listen to this .
Sure .
Speak out and stop this escalation now .
You have the power , members of Congress , to prohibit this president from spending any money to escalate this war .
Use that power .
Use it now .
As you know , that was widely seen as a slap at Senator Hillary Clinton , who has refused to say she 's ready to use the power of the purse , congressional authority , to go ahead and stop funding an increase , an escalation , or a surge , in the war .
Did you see that as a direct attack against her ? EDWARD
I was n't , Wolf , thinking about anybody in particular .
It was directed at members of Congress who , I believe , as a matter of conscience , should stop this president from escalating this war and from continuing in a long series of really tragic mistakes that -- that he 's made in Iraq .
And , as I said in the clip you just ran , Congress has the power to stop this escalation .
It 's been done before in Lebanon , in Colombia , and toward the end of the Vietnam War .
I mean , there is an historical precedent for it .
And there 's clearly constitutional authority for it .
It 's time for members of Congress on both sides of the aisle , by the way , not just Democrats , but those who know , in good conscience and principle , that this war should not be escalated , to speak out and to take action .
Here is what Howard Wolfson , a senior adviser to Senator Clinton , said , reacting to what you said at the church on Sunday : " In 2004 , John Edwards used to constantly brag about running a positive campaign .
Today , he has unfortunately chosen to open his campaign with political attacks on Democrats who are fighting the Bush administration 's Iraq policy " -- strong words from a senior adviser to Senator Clinton .
