Thanks for hanging in there with us .
And sorry for calling you a " she " there , Stacey .
My apologies .
It happens all the time .
Do n't worry about it .
Do n't worry about it .
Well , I hope it does n't happen that often , Stacey .
Well , we 're going to -- we are -- coming up next here , we 're going to have a look ahead this morning in the NEWSROOM -- of course , talking about the big story , Hillary Clinton , today .
You think you know her .
But do you really know Hillary Clinton ?
Coming up , a profile from the best political team in television .
And cancer , poverty , and high fashion ?
An unusual combination , but it 's saving lives in Harlem .
Dr.
Sanjay Gupta with more ahead here in the NEWSROOM.
Cancer deaths have dropped in this country for a second straight year .
Treatment , detection , prevention , they 're all working better than ever .
But -- of course there 's always a "but " -- African- American women will likely die of breast this year in greater numbers than white women , even though twice the number of white women will get it .
Why is this ?
CNN Chief Medical Correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta investigates in his special series , " Saving Your Life . "
There 's something in the eyes of a woman with breast cancer .
Harlem surgeon Harold Freeman knows the look .
Freeman set out to understand why black women are less likely than white women to get breast cancer , but twice as likely to die from it .
His research found that poverty is the real problem .
The lack of access , education , and resources .
It is not acceptable that people that are poor should die because they are poor .
Then , in 2000 , a turning point .
Targeting breast cancer was en vogue , as Ralph Lauren launched his pink pony campaign and Freeman had found himself an ally to build a cancer center in Harlem .
People were dying at a higher rate because they were poor and black .
Mr. Lauren stood up and dressed immaculately , of course , and he simply said , Dr.
Freeman , I will help you .
Jerona Smith is a single mom who now comes to the Ralph Lauren Cancer Center for care .
Since being diagnosed with aggressive stage one breast cancer at age 29 , it 's been one shock after another .
It 's a lot to bear .
I 'm not working at this point in time because of chemotherapy .
And it 's a bit hard , but I got the help here .
And that 's one of Dr. Freeman 's other innovations , the patient navigation program .
Navigators are familiar with the health - care system and help women with everything from insurance to medications , makeup , and wigs .
The five years survival rate in breast cancer at Harlem Hospital , which was initially 39 percent , before the navigation and screening , is now in the range of 70 percent .
Jerona knows the chemo and radiation ahead will tax her energy , but the fact is , she and women like her now have a better chance at beating breast cancer .
Dr.
Sanjay Gupta , CNN, reporting .
You , too , can take charge of your health , and you can start by visiting our Web site .
Go to CNN.com/savingyourlife and click on " Web Extras . "
