In a short time , the gentleman from Grand Rapids proved that behind the affability was firm resolve .
When a U.S. ship called the Mayaguez was seized by Cambodia , President Ford made the tough decision to send in the Marines , and all the crew members were rescued .
He was criticized for signing the Helsinki Accords , yet history has shown that document helped bring down the Soviet Union as courageous men and women behind the Iron Curtain used it to demand their God-given liberties .
Twice assassins attempted to take the life of this good and decent man , yet he refused to curtail his public appearances .
And when he thought that the nation needed to put Watergate behind us , he made the tough and decent decision to pardon President Nixon , even though that decision probably cost him the presidential election .
Gerald Ford assumed the presidency when the nation needed a leader of character and humility .
And we found it in the man from Grand Rapids .
President Ford 's time in office was brief , but history will long remember the courage and common sense that helped restore trust in the workings of our democracy .
Laura and I had the honor of hosting the Ford family for Gerald Ford 's 90th birthday .
It 's one of the highlights of our time in the White House .
I will always cherish the memory the last time I saw him , this past year in California .
He was still smiling , still counting himself lucky to have Betty at his side , and still displaying the optimism and generosity that made him one of America 's most beloved leaders .
And so on behalf of a grateful nation , we bid farewell to our 38th president .
We thank the almighty for Gerald Ford 's life , and we ask for God 's blessings on Gerald Ford and his family .
The holy gospel of our lord , Jesus Christ , according to John .
Jesus said do not let your hearts be troubled .
Believe in God , believe also in me .
In my father 's house there are many dwelling places , if it were not so , would I have told you that I go to prepare a place for you ?
And if I go and prepare a place for you , I will come again and will take you to myself so that where I am , there you may be also .
And you know the way to the place where I am going .
Thomas said to him , Lord , we do not know where you are going , how can we know the way ?
Jesus said to him , I am the way and the truth and the life .
The Gospel of the Lord .
( INAUDIBLE ) CERTAI
May the words of my mouth and meditations of my heart be always acceptable in my sight oh , Lord , my strength , and my redeemer .
Jesus said many things and many of his words have been reflected in the life and ministry of Gerald Ford .
In Matthew 5 at the beginning of our Lord 's ministry , Jesus gives us a list of virtues in the beatitudes of the Sermon on the Mount .
