And we 're going to hear much more about this latest violence .
More than 100 people killed , nearly 300 injured , wounded today , in various insurgent and terrorist attacks in Iraq .
What it means for the stepped up U.S. security effort in Baghdad .
That 's coming up this hour .
I 'll speak with the " New York Times " Baghdad bureau chief , John Burns .
Other news we 're following though , right now .
Top members of the Bush administration could find themselves on the stand .
And they 're already the focus of court proceedings in the trial of a former top aide to the vice president , Dick Cheney .
Louis " Scooter " Libby is accused of lying to the FBI and other federal investigators probing the leak of a CIA officer 's identity .
Jury selection began today , with candidates grilled about their attitudes toward the Bush administration .
CNN 's Brian Todd is joining us now live from outside the U.S. District Court here in Washington -- Brian .
Wolf , today we learned that Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and former Secretary of State Colin Powell could be called to testify as witnesses in this trial , another indication that this will be classic political theater in Washington .
As he walks stoically into court , questions surround the trial of Vice President Dick Cheney 's confidante , questions that start on day one , with jurors being asked about Louis " Scooter " Libby 's former bosses .
A written question asks about positive or negative opinions of Vice President Cheney and whether that might affect your ability to fairly judge Vice President Cheney 's believability .
With that kind of concern about jurors ' opinions on Cheney , can Libby get a fair trial in a city where Democrats outnumber Republicans nine to one ?
That 's not how jurors in the District of Columbia come down in their cases .
It 'll be easy to rid the panel of jurors who are blatantly political in their views of things .
Libby is charged with deliberately misleading investigators when he told them what he said to reporters about the covert identity of former CIA Officer Valeria Plame .
Cheney could become the first sitting vice president to testify in a criminal trial , the defense counting on Cheney to bolster Libby 's claim that because he was absorbed in his job , he simply did n't remember what he told reporters about Plame .
Observers look forward to the day Cheney squares off with prosecutor Patrick Fitzgerald .
Now , this is a heavyweight match between the prosecutor and Vice President Cheney .
For the vice president , this will be different than anything he 's ever done .
He does n't control the questions when the prosecutor , Mr. Fitzgerald , gets up to start cross-examining .
Jurors ca n't control the questions , either .
And already this very contentious process has led to a sparring match in court between the defense and the prosecutors over how far to take the questions for jurors about their political beliefs and about their personal opinions of the Bush administration -- Wolf .
Brian 's going to be watching this trial for us .
It could last , what , six weeks ?
Brian , thanks very much for that .
