In Montrose ( ph ) , Pennsylvania , the grave of 27 year-old Army Staff Sergeant Daniel Arnold ( ph ) , just one of the now more than 3,000 Americans who have lost their lives in the Iraq war .
Arnold was killed months ago in Ramadi when his vehicle came under fire .
His father is still grief-stricken .
These boys go over there because they want to , not because they have to , and -- and do their job .
It 's just so terrible , the loss of life over there .
Who are the 3,000 who have died ?
Every state in the country has held funerals .
California has lost the most , nearly 300.
The Army , which has the most troops on the front line , has lost more than 1,200 .
The Marine Corps , more than 600 .
It 's a far cry from generations past .
More than 400,000 troops died in World War II .
More than 36,000 in the Korean War and more than 58,000 in Vietnam .
In the first Gulf War , 382 died .
It is still the improvised explosive device that is the number one threat .
More than 1,000 have been killed , more than 11,000 injured by IEDs .
In its fourth annual survey , the " Military Times " newspaper , which is privately owned but widely read by military audiences , found that 42 percent of the troops disapproved of the way the president was handling the war .
Just 35 percent registered their approval .
But the " Military Times " acknowledges this is not representative of the military as a whole .
Barbara Starr , CNN, the Pentagon .
In Washington , a farewell to a former president .
President Bush and the first lady paid their respects today to Gerald Ford at the U.S. Capitol .
The service will be held tomorrow at Washington 's National Cathedral .
Mr. Ford died last week at the age of 93.
Coming up at 11 p.m. Eastern , a " 360 " special : " The Flash Points of 2006 " and how they may affect you in the new year .
You do not want to miss that .
Now , let me get you back to I-REPOR
THE YEAR AS YOU SAW IT.
Oh , yes .
Big tape decks , bulky cameras .
Be careful with that , Betty .
I know , bad backs , you can see why .
We used to haul around a bunch of equipment just like this to gather the news , of course , and this stuff , T.J. , it 's been all over the world .
HOLME
Are you OK ? That 's impressive .
This is heavy stuff .
This stuff is certainly worth its weight .
We put all of this on a scale and it came in around 60 pounds total .
Well , of course , those days are done .
You sent us i-Reports using tiny cameras and little stuff like this .
A lot easier .
I 'll take one of those , please .
All sorts of little gadgets .
You use them and so do we .
Here now our senior international correspondent Nic Robertson .
He kept rolling even in the line of fire .
2006 has to be the year of the most dramatic change that I 've seen in the last 15 years or so broadcasting .
We 've gone from muse using big cameras to using tiny cell phones with little embedded video cameras , just this year I did a video live broadcast from my home on to CNN 's Web site under the pipeline service , sitting at home talking about Afghanistan , talking about the latest developments there , quite literally holding the camera up like this and filming myself .
