Or stop smoking ?
Experts agree it 's easier said than done .
People take the behaviors about themselves that are most difficult to change , and then they say , they 're going to stop them .
And it 's a failure .
Psychologist Nadine Kaslow advises her patients to come up with a realistic plan .
You can have a big goal you 're reaching towards , but small goals along the way that are realistic , attainable , measurable .
You know if you 've done it .
And it 's very reasonable for you to try to do it .
She says it 's important to enlist a buddy for support , and set a reasonable timetable to accomplish the goal .
I really think it 's important , just like with any goal in life , to not give up .
You 'll have some setbacks .
Maybe you 'll accomplish two of your goals and not the third .
Left leg , walk , walk back , back , forward , forward .
Dr.
Kaslow says resolutions do n't have to be frustrating and stressful .
How are we doing ?
They can add structure and organization to a daily schedule and a fresh start to the New Year .
With today 's " Health Minute , " I 'm Judy Fortin .
A New Year , a new era for the State of New York .
Democrat Eliot Spitzer was sworn in as the Empire State 's 54th governor .
Officially took the oath of office at midnight , succeeding Republican George Pataki , who chose to not seek a fourth term .
Six hours later , Spitzer was off and running through the chilly rain , two miles around Albany 's Washington Park .
Quite an athlete .
It took him less than 14 minutes , not bad .
Cloudy and drizzling in Lansing as well , as Jennifer Granholm launches her second term as governor of Michigan .
She and other state leaders are taking their oaths of office on the Capitol steps .
Granholm cancelled several events out of respect for the late President and Michigan native Gerald Ford , who 'll be laid to rest in Grand Rapids on Wednesday .
What is so earth-shattering about some ice breaking loose in the Arctic ?
For one thing it 's a lot of ice , 41 square miles .
CNN 's Miles O'Brien looks at why the experts are concerned .
Another piece of evidence global warming may be real and may be happening faster than we first thought .
Let 's go right up to the top of the Earth here , this is Ellesmere Island .
It is the northernmost island in Canada .
The 10th-largest island in the world .
Not much up there except an awful lot of ice .
And in particular , the Ayles Ice Shelf .
About 16 months ago scientists were taking a close look at this ice shelf as we zoom in on it .
And their attention was on this northern part of the ice shelf where they saw a big piece , 11,000 football fields in size , which broke off and headed off into the Beaufort Sea .
The scientist who discovered this is with the Canadian Ice Service .
Her name is Laurie Weir .
The Ice Service is there to look at satellite charts to make sure that ships can safely navigate through this treacherous part of the world .
She was looking at this and saw this huge piece of ice that broke away inside that red circle there .
