I 've reached a conclusion that a missile hit the airplane .
I can understand why I want to continue the investigation .
It was misinformation cubed .
We ended up looking like a moron .
And the search for a cause -- could it happen again ?
We are overdue .
TWA 800 .
We just had an explosion out there about five miles away .
Deep down , I think it was a missile .
Probably friendly fire .
It just went down in the water .
The recorder told us nothing .
An airline wo n't fly if they ca n't do it safely .
You show me a vapor , and god will find an ignition source .
16-year-old Cheryl Nibert boarded the flight to Paris after making jokes with her friends from Montoursville about the stains on her fingers .
She had spent most of the summer picking raspberries on the family farm to help pay for her trip .
The minute the plane went down , this is where you were ?
Yes , right over here .
Donald Nibert knows the exact place he was standing in the raspberry patch when the center fuel tank exploded .
His daughter was seated several rows in front of the blast .
I see this and I say I ca n't believe that I let this deteriorate to the extent that it has .
Why have you let it go ?
Because of the memories , and not being able to come out here and pick berries with our daughter that I lost .
I was the last one to pick it .
It is too difficult .
Instead of berries , we now find an overgrown field that is sown with doubt and bitterness by a father who , from the very beginning , refused to believe official explanations of his daughter 's death .
I 've reached the conclusion that a missile hit the airplane .
Probably friendly fire .
Where did it come from ?
Came from our Navy .
Donald Nibert was not alone in reaching that conclusion .
Less than 36 hours after the fireball flashed in the skies near Long Island , eyewitness accounts of a trail of fire , or red light , going skyward hit the worldwide web.
That evening , Nadine Levine was visiting her West Hampton beach house .
Her story of a possible missile was collected by websites .
What caught my eye was the little red light going up , and then all of that fiery stream coming down .
And compounding these compelling eyewitness accounts was a document also circulating on the web , one that took the missile theory and added layers of seemingly impossible intrigue .
It was a theory of how a Navy ship accidentally shot down flight 800 , and how a cover up reaching the highest levels of government was in play .
And it might have stayed simply an internet conspiracy theory , had it not been for this man .
It 's a document I got about five weeks ago from an intelligence agent from France , and who had been doing an inquiry , and it had some contacts with people in the U.S. Navy .
It was Pierre Salinger , a former White House press secretary , U.S. senator , and network correspondent , who went public .
Salinger , who died in 2004 , claimed to have official proof that a Navy missile shot down TWA 800 , specifically naming this ship , the " USS Normandy , " responsible .
But what Salinger to be official and exclusive was neither .
