Although there is celebration about Shawn and Ben , the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children adds new cases everyday .
Take the time , take a few minutes , and go to our website and look .
Erica is still missing , Avery still missing , Tristan still missing .
There are thousands of children still missing , but the public has the power to help bring them home .
Especially with this weekend 's energizing reminder , that happy endings do happen .
Gary Nurenberg , CNN, Alexandria , Virginia .
Stay with CNN throughout the day , as we shine the spotlight on America 's missing children , from survival tips to tracking your kids , complete coverage of America 's missing children , only on CNN.
And we continue to follow developments on the refinery fire in Richmond , California .
A news briefing is underway , right now .
Let 's listen in and find out what more we can learn .
Find any smoke there in Point Richmond .
And even closer to the refinery , at the toll booth , and Highway 580 , we have not been able to get into the smoke .
North of there , a facility I visited at about 6:15 , there was a little bit of odor there .
I talked to those folks about sheltering place .
The second time I went back , they were there and the odor was gone from that place also .
( OFF MIC )
In the wintertime , the winds often come out of the other direction .
So , we 're getting a wind now that is blowing out over the water , which this is good side of this thing .
Is there any impact to the ( OFF MIC) ?
We have n't found it yet .
Again , that 's our job a lot of the time now is to just get out in the communities .
We tried to get as close to this smoke as we can .
We go up in the hills and we get as close to it as we can .
We have found -- again , I found a little odor at a facility north of Highway 580 at about 6:15 .
That was cleared out by the time those folks were there .
What kind of odor or irritation might people notice , if they did notice something ?
UNIDENTIFIED MAL
I do n't exactly know what 's burning other than kind of a heavy oil .
Often , there will be some sulfur in that .
When sulfur burns , you get sulfur dioxide coming off .
Which will smell like a gun backfire , or a firecracker going off , because it burns sulfur .
It will be irritating to any mucous membranes , eyes , nose , mouth .
If you remove yourself immediately , it 's not a danger at that point .
What 's your advice to people who live around here , and have to go to a shelter , ( OFF MIC ) and hearing no impact .
Can they go out on their walks ?
We have the shelter in place .
As I noted a little bit earlier , when you have a siren going off , and there is not smoke in a place , it does bring people out of their houses .
We have been up there , getting our air samples .
And it 's not currently impacting the Point Richmond area , that 's being sheltered in place .
Again , the shelter in place is asking people to stay indoors to avoid it .
