You have a very weak transitional federal government , you have Ethiopian troops there who are highly resented .
So I think the U.S. effort now is going to focus first on trying to get some other African peacekeepers in there so that the Ethiopians can withdraw , and then to see whether this transitional federal government can really create a broad- based government .
If it cannot , we 're going to see a lot more turmoil in that region , and we will inevitably be involved .
What can - what should Somalis be able to expect of Washington ?
I think in the first instance , the U.S. will try very hard and put up some of the money , although not enough is yet available , to get a substitute peacekeeping force in , so they - Somali people do n't just turn entirely against the Ethiopians , and you have a kind of insurgency there against the Ethiopians .
Then , I hope the United States will work with the African neighbors and other neighbors to Somalia to help this transitional federal government really reach out and bring in more elements of Somali society into a government .
And then , of course , there will need to be humanitarian and economic assistance .
It 's going to be a very big task , but I think now , unlike the last 12 years , we ca n't just walk away from Somalia and just assume that the chaos there does n't affect us .
Princeton Lyman with the U.S. Council on Foreign Relations , speaking to us earlier .
Now , when we come back - how pervasive are the ( inaudible ) of terror in this volatile region of the Muslim world ?
We shift our focus to the core of U.S. and international concern - the terrorists themselves .
Stay with us .
That area is a safe haven of international terrorists .
So we 're all cooperating in order to find out there whereabouts , and sometimes if they 're not coming over ( inaudible ) , we have to eliminate them .
The Horn of Africa has been considered a major source of global terrorism by the United States for the better part of a decade .
The region became a suspected terrorist hotspot in the 1990s , when Sudan , then ruled by the National Islamic Front , provided a haven for terrorists , including Osama bin Laden and al Qaeda .
The first anti-American attacks blamed directly on Osama bin Laden came on August 7th , 1998 , when terrorists bombed the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania , killing more than 220 people and wounding more than 4,000 others .
Then in 2000 , a small bomb-laden boat exploded alongside the USS Cole in Yemen , killing 17 U.S. sailors and wounding 39 others .
After 9/11 , the U.S. war on terror moved to Afghanistan , headquarters of bin Laden 's network .
Two years later , it was onto Iraq .
And now , America has taken the fight back to Africa , still in search of those original bombers in Kenya and Tanzania .
Among the primary al Qaeda targets of the recent U.S. air strikes in Somalia -- Fazul Abdullah Mohammed , on the FBI 's most wanted list as the suspected mastermind of the two embassy bombings .
He 's also suspected of being behind the 2002 bombing of an Israeli beach resort in Kenya that killed 10 Kenyans and three Israelis , as well as the near-simultaneous attempt to shoot down an Israeli airliner .
