Yes .
thank Exactly .
What do you -- what do you make of all this ?
He 's had several accidents in the past few months .
He had a motorcycle accident , where he said , memorably , when someone said , " What happened ? " he said , " I fell down . "
Well , he fell down again .
And he came out hobbling on crutches , but , still , all the grandeur of a Hollywood spectacle right there in Sacramento , California .
Yes .
And , you know , Maria Shriver introducing her husband -- last night , I think there was like a benefit for him ; $ 1.3 million , backers raised last night .
But he was not there , because he had fallen down and hurt himself .
But then he comes hobbling in .
And she spoke last night .
And , then , now she is speaking today , and , also , the former governor of San Francisco , Willie Brown , introducing the mayor .
Mayor , yes .
The former mayor -- sorry -- of San Francisco .
Thank you , Bill , for -- what do you make -- again , what do you make of such a huge fanfare ?
Do we see this everywhere ?
Is it because he is Arnold Schwarzenegger ?
Well , a lot is because he is Arnold Schwarzenegger .
You know , he is above party .
When you ask people in California , how did a Republican get elected so handily in a very Democratic state , in a very Democratic year , and the answer I keep getting is , Republican-Schmublican .
He 's Arnold .
Everybody knows who Arnold is .
It has very little to do with party .
But the fact is , he is a Republican , and he 's one of the few Republicans this year who thrived , in a very Democratic year .
What did he do ?
He did two things that you would n't say you have seen in Washington .
Number one , having gotten into serious trouble in 2005 , he apologized for his mistakes .
Remember , he had that press conference ...
Right .
Yes .
... after the special election ?
I remember that .
And he said , my wife told me not to do this .
Well , he apologized .
And then he changed course .
He moved right back to the center .
Some people say he is , more or less , becoming a Democrat now .
He adopted a global warming program , the most ambitious of any state .
And , this year , he is going to talk about a very bold care health care initiative .
Oh .
Well , thank you .
You know what ?
We always appreciate your insight .
Thank you , Bill Schneider .
OK .
And , as we look at the governor of California , Arnold Schwarzenegger , with wife Maria Shriver , we are going to take a break .
And we will be right back .
You 're in the CNN NEWSROOM.
Rob Marciano , a lot of severe weather turning up across the country , specifically in Georgia .
Yes , Georgia , Florida , and now South Carolina , Kyra .
We 're getting confirmed reports now .
We showed you a line about an hour ago that had the capability of producing some severe weather and potentially a tornado -- 15 injuries in Liberty -- near Liberty , South Carolina .
That 's in Pickens County -- reports of a small tornado touching down , and eight cars piled up on top of each other near Liberty Elementary School -- so , two people transported -- at least two people transported to the hospital .
