Walter Mears , you won a Pulitzer Prize for your coverage of the era when you were the Washington -- you later became the Washington bureau chief of the Associated Press .
That headline in " The New York Daily News , " " Ford To New York , Drop Dead , " do you agree with Jeff that that was in part responsible for Gerald Ford 's losing New York state ?
No, I have to differ there .
If Gerald Ford could have carried New York , I think , you know , he would have had a landslide .
But the striking thing about that election was that Gerald Ford came within two percentage points of beating Jimmy Carter .
And if you tried to make book on that election a year in advance , you would have had to say the party of the president who would resign , the appointed vice president , the party that in the last 49 House seats in 1974 , that the Republicans were going to go down by a wide margin .
Ford very nearly pulled it off .
Do you think that the decision he made to dump Nelson Rockefeller as his running mate helped or hurt him when all was said and done ?
I think it helped him in the primaries .
He had a really hard time with Ronald Reagan , as you know , in the primaries .
It wound up that Ford won 15 primaries , Reagan won 12 . Ford was nominate by only 117 vote margin at that national convention .
So I think Rocky had to go because the conservatives were too powerful and their enmity toward Rockefeller after all those years was too great .
And , of course , the pardon was always a burden .
Ford never second guessed himself on that .
At the time that he issued it , he told his own people , I know this may cost me politically , but it 's the right thing to do .
And with historic hindsight , a lot of people have come to agree , even those who were very , very adamantly opposed to that pardon at the time .
It 's interesting , Walter , that Nancy Reagan , the former first lady , the widow of the late President Ronald Reagan , has made this journey to Washington .
She does n't come here to Washington very often these days , but she wanted to pay her personal respects as well .
Well , it 's worth remembering that Gerald Ford 's moment on the national stage did not end when he left the White House .
There was that incredible sequence at the Republican convention in Detroit when Ford very narrowly was Reagan 's choice to run with him on the 1980 ticket .
If the Ford people had n't insisted on basically making him co-president , they might have brought that off .
That was a historic note .
Condoleezza Rice , we saw there , Jeff Greenfield .
Now Gerald Ford was the longest serving , the longest -- the oldest ex-president until he passed away .
He beat Ronald Reagan , but not by much .
Now the two oldest former presidents are George Herbert Walker Bush .
He 's a few months older than Jimmy Carter .
Both of whom are there right now as well .
