Were you able to sleep last night ?
D. OWNB
Oh , yes .
Of course .
We were just so relieved we could finally relax .
I just told him when I went to bed , just do n't stay up too late and then ...
What was your first thought when you woke up this morning ?
I went and checked on him .
What do you think your message would be , at this point , ( INAUDIBLE ) to other families who , you know , are in similar situations and have n't had the resolution that you guys have had ?
What do you think that a situation like yours or Shaw n 's , what 's the message ( INAUDIBLE) ?
Well , it 's -- it really seems bleak , but you ca n't quit trying .
You 've got to do go forward and do what you can .
And I just -- and hopefully anyone else in this situation , the community will step forward and support them like this community supported us .
Now you 're trying to put your life back together and move forward , right ?
Right .
I mean ( INAUDIBLE ) just a day by day process .
But how do you do that ?
We do n't know .
We have n't gone through it .
A 41 -year-old man just put this family through hell .
Do you have a message for him right now , because a lot of people ...
Our focus is just , now that we 've got our son back , we 're not going to think about him .
What are Amanda 's thoughts ( INAUDIBLE) ?
I 'm just really glad to have Ben back .
How grateful are you to Mitchell ?
Oh , old man .
What a great kid .
We have n't had a chance to talk to him or anything yet , so , yes .
He 's owed a great big hug from all of us -- so .
Mitchell 's been in our thoughts ever since we found out they had Ben .
D. OWNB
Yes .
Well , even before we knew that he was probably pretty close .
He 's a bright kid and he -- he 's been a -- they 've all been a pretty good friend through all this .
So .
And he had to take a polygraph .
Did you ever for a second doubt that he was telling the truth ?
No.
Oh , Mitchell is a good kid .
We 've known him for years .
No.
could you tell us what your days were like for those four days ?
How much sleep were you getting ?
How would your day begin and how would it end ?
Well , we 'd get up and get ready and just get ready to do whatever we had to do for that day , you know , mostly just , you know , organize flier passing out and searching the roads and just whatever .
How much sleep were you able to get then ?
The first night , none .
Maybe two hours , three hours after that , on and off .
( INAUDIBLE ) obviously then you were ( INAUDIBLE ) what does Ben want ( INAUDIBLE) ?
That he 's happy to be home .
He is happy to be home , happy to be here .
All right .
Appreciate your attention .
And like I said , we appreciate ...
We 've kind of laid the family to rest for a couple of days and thanks ( INAUDIBLE ) privacy .
