She 's not making it up .
I believe it .
Our top stories are straight ahead this morning .
Some new intrigue about who shot that cell phone videotape of Saddam Hussein 's execution .
Plus , can a governor of a liberal state make it in the Republican Party ?
An announcement from Mitt Romney is expected today .
And Operation Hay Lift in the west .
A critical mission to save thousands and thousands of lives .
Livestock that is .
Straight ahead on AMERICAN MORNING.
War plans .
New details overnight about when President Bush might announce a new future for American troops in Iraq .
Rescue mission .
Military helicopters take to the sky in a race to save lives still stranded by those devastating snowstorms .
And a political stunner .
Former Democratic presidential candidate remembers Gerald Ford by blowing the lid off an old election secret .
We 'll tell you what he said right here on AMERICAN MORNING.
Welcome back , everybody .
It is Wednesday , January 3rd .
I 'm Soledad O'Brien .
And I 'm John Roberts , in for Miles O'Brien this week .
It is pretty stunning what McGovern had to tell Larry last night .
Very stunning , actually .
We 'll call that the deep tease and get to it in just a moment .
First , though , happening this morning , President Bush is calling for a new era of bipartisanship in Washington , D.C. It 's in a column in this morning 's " Wall Street Journal . "
Mr. Bush urges Democrats to work with him on major issues from Iraq , to Social Security form , and balancing the budget .
Democrats officially retake control of the House and the Senate tomorrow .
Indonesian authorities are expanding their search for that jetliner that disappeared on New Year 's Day .
Officials now say they 're searching for signs of wreckage at sea .
The government blames rumors from local villagers for those false reports that wreckage and survivors were found in the mountains of eastern Indonesia .
Later today President Gerald Ford is going to be laid to rest on the grounds of his presidential museum in Grand Rapids , Michigan .
The museum was kept open through the night so that mourners could pay their final respects .
In Massachusetts , protesters on both sides of same-sex marriage issue marching outside the state House .
Lawmakers inside are moving ahead with a 2008 ballot measure that could ban it .
They must vote on the measure again before it goes on the ballot .
Massachusetts is the only state where same-sex marriage is legal .
ROBERT
The governor of Massachusetts is leaving one office to seek another .
Mitt Romney will be testing the waters for a presidential run in 2008 .
AMERICAN MORNING 'S Dan Lothian has more .
Later today , Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney will make his final departure from the state House .
His day job is about to end , but he will be one step closer to getting in line for a new one , president of the United States .
By turning in the paperwork to officially form a presidential exploratory committee , he 'll be in a position to raise and spend money .
Last year , Romney spent significant time traveling the country raising money for Republicans and trying to raise his profile .
He was in key states like New Hampshire , Iowa , South Carolina .
