Thank you .
And coming up , how vulnerable is the United States to cyber terrorism ?
I 'll ask the former national counter-terrorism official and best- selling author , Richard Clark .
He 's standing by live .
Plus , President Bush facing growing pressure to act on global warming .
We 're going to show you why there 's speculation he may be about to change his position .
Stay with us .
You 're in THE SITUATION ROOM.
To our viewers , you 're in THE SITUATION ROOM , where new pictures and information are arriving all the time .
Happening now , growing moves on Capitol Hill to influence the war in Iraq .
Senator Hillary Clinton planning a bill to cap U.S. troop levels while a key Republican senator joins two Democrats in unveiling a resolution against the president 's plan to send more troops in .
Also , a controlled burn now underway south of Louisville , Kentucky .
It 's an effort to burn off 90,000 gallons of hazardous chemicals remaining in train cars that derailed yesterday .
The operation expected to last up to 18 hours and keep hundreds of people from returning home .
And a new system to compare airline passenger names with terror watch lists now set to debut next year .
The so-called Secure Flight System will put the burden on the government instead of the airlines .
It was supposed to take effect in 2005 , but has been delayed by privacy concerns .
I 'm Wolf Blitzer .
You 're in THE SITUATION ROOM.
President Bush may feel like he 's behind barricades over at the White House .
Facing a growing backlash over his Iraq troop build-up proposal , he is now backtracking on his domestic surveillance program , a key element of his anti-terror policy .
Let 's go live to our White House correspondent , Ed Henry -- Ed .
Let 's go live to our White House correspondent , Ed Henry -- Ed .
Wolf , these are clear signs that this president , who for five years had a free hand to conduct the war on terror , is now dealing with a much different political reality .
A sharp reversal for President Bush on the issue of warrantless wiretapping , even though press secretary Tony Snow tried to portray it as a situation where the Justice Department has no problem with an independent court monitoring the administration 's controversial domestic spying .
The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court has put together its guidelines and its rules , and those have met administration concerns about speed and agility
A far cry from what the president has repeatedly asserted , that he needed special powers because the 1978 FISA law was outdated .
And I looked .
I said , " Look , is it possible to conduct this program under the old law ? "
And people said , " It does n't work in order to be able to do the job we expect us to do . "
Democrats who have long charged the president 's terrorist surveillance program may have been illegal and unconstitutional declared it was about time the president came around .
They do n't have to follow the law .
They can step outside the law .
They do n't have to follow the checks and balances .
But I 'd say all Americans , no matter what your political leans may be , all Americans ought to ask , why are they doing this ?
