All right .
T.J. , thanks for the update .
After more than five years and several delays , Microsoft 's newest operating system will be available at the stroke of midnight .
Susan Lisovicz is at the New York Stock Exchange with all the details for us .
Lots of people awaiting this , are n't they ?
Yes , a lot of geeks , Don .
I know you were very excited about the ...
Are you calling me a geek ?
Are you calling me a geek ?
That 's all I want to know .
I 'm gauging your interest in this .
Happy Monday to you , too .
It 's good to see you , as usual .
It 's good to see you .
I 'm curious at your reaction to this one .
It is kind of sophisticated , but then , again , it 's coming from Microsoft and Bill Gates .
The latest version of windows is called Vista .
There will be several variations , but Microsoft expects the home premium version to be the attraction for most consumers .
It will sell for $ 300 -- $ 239 .
It can be upgraded from Windows XP for $ 159 .
After spending $ 6 billion to develop Vista , Microsoft is planning one of the biggest marketing blitzes of all time .
It says it 's its biggest launch ever .
Today in New York , for instance , dancers scaled five stories above ground to display images of Vista and Microsoft Office 2007 icons .
Can I just mention it is below freezing here in New York City .
Tomorrow the company 's CEO , Steve Ballmer , will be inside and he 'll greet customers at a Best Buy in Manhattan .
And with Comp USA , Best Buy , Circuit City openings in stores late tonight , the rollout of Vista is being likened to the release of video game consoles .
Many retailers will offer door buster deals and will have NFL players on hand to sign autographs .
Basketball star LeBron James is also lending his celebrity to the ads .
All in all , Ad Age says Microsoft is spending $ 500 million to promote Vista .
So , what do you think , Don ?
It 's a big to-do and let 's hope those -- what is it , dancers -- they have some thermals under those tights .
Because it 's -- it 's really cold .
Well , they 're expending a lot of energy , but , it is -- yes , it is about 17 degrees here in Manhattan .
Yes , and I think one thing , at least -- two things .
They said this is better for children for monitoring .
There they are , those dancers .
For monitoring and keeping children safer on the Internet , at least .
What are the experts saying about this ?
Well , that 's actually a very good point , is the greater security and reliability .
A lot has changed in the last five years .
And one of the big changes is that we 've seen how vulnerable we are when we 're on the computer , and especially children .
This will offer better search capabilities and , for serious gamers -- listen up , Don -- it has more realistic graphics .
But getting the system on to your computer could be tricky , so this is a downside .
One big hurdle : you 'll need serious hardware to take advantage of Vista 's best features .
Only the most expensive versions offer the new graphics and Arrow interface .
So you may have to install more memory or a bigger hard drive .
And even if you have a new PC that is labelled as Vista-ready , it still may not be capable of running on the premium versions .
Any PC , in fact , that 's more than a year or two old , is probably not compatible with Vista .
