Want to go ahead and show you these new pictures now .
You are looking at Haifa Street , as we talk about the battle in Baghdad today , new video coming in .
This is where Iraqi and U.S. troops are battling militants along Haifa street .
And you remember that to be a very , very volatile area .
They have now detained seven suspected insurgents , and also uncovered a fairly large weapons cache , operation being called Operation Tomahawk , strike 11 .
It 's a series of targeted raids to disrupt these illegal militias and their activities there and help restore Iraqi security forces , the control that they are trying to get in the area .
CNN 's Arwa Damon is standing by now live to give us a little bit more information about what we 're seeing .
Arwa , what can you tell us ?
Well , Heidi , we just returned from that battle , the pictures that you are seeing there , taken at about the seventh hour of the firefight .
That was around the time we first arrived at the scene .
At that point in time , the battle still fairly intense .
In fact , moments after we arrived , there was what had been identified as a machine gunner stronghold .
These machine guns that the insurgents were using to fire at U.S. and Iraqi troops were sandbagged into a building .
They tried to call in air support , Apache helicopters , to be able to pinpoint and fire on the target .
At one point , they were unable to do so and finally launched a precision - guided missile to destroy that building .
A lot of the fighting that we saw there today pretty much a replay of the fighting that we saw two weeks ago , the same intensity , very similar tactics used by the insurgents .
But the Americans and the Iraqis are telling us this that this time there were a few differences , mainly in the way that they were operating .
The Iraqi forces that are operating down there were able to take a lot of lessons learned from the first battle for Haifa Street that took place two weeks ago and reapply them to today .
And again , in terms of today 's fight , this was more of an organized operation , a joint operation set in place .
The main aim , we are being told , is to disrupt the insurgency so that eventually other troops can come in as part of this new Baghdad plan to clear , hold and rebuild .
What we also saw was a number of detainees , 19 of them that had been detained .
Two other detainees came in wounded , according to one of the Iraqi troops on the ground .
One of them had been holding a grenade .
He tried to throw it on Iraqi forces from a rooftop .
The other wounded detainee had been firing at them with a machine gun .
Both of them wounded in the battle , taken care of by medics on the ground , and then taken away in an Iraqi army ambulance .
This time , as opposed to last time -- last time the firefight lasted for about 10 hours .
This time for about eight hours .
Pretty much the same intensity , though , Heidi , a clear indication of the many challenges that lie ahead in terms of securing Haifa Street .
