Well , the official name is ghost riding the whip .
Whip , in case you 're not hip , stands for cars .
And these young people are doing these stunts in parking lots and out on neighborhood streets , and then they 're taking and posting video trophies , if you will , on the Internet .
Ghost riding .
Some call it a thrill , an adrenalin rush , but police call it a dangerous stunt .
Leaving a car in gear or in neutral while it 's still moving , then dancing next to it , on the hood , the roof , or the trunk , before getting back behind the wheel .
Sometimes things go wrong .
To leave a vehicle completely uncontrolled and to just trust it to nature , if you will , and the forces of nature and physics , is taking "foolish " to new heights .
Twenty-five-year-old Vip Patel , who lives in northern California , says he started ghost riding about six months ago .
Just saw people doing it , thought it was funny and wanted to try it .
His buddies videotaped the ride , then he posted it on MySpace .
Patel is hooked .
The thrill .
Just doing it and , you know , taking the risk , you know .
It 's dangerous , but , you know , it 's fun at the same time .
Ghost riding home videos have exploded on Internet sites like YouTube .
Some of them mixed with a popular hip hop tune that celebrates this risky ride .
It 's so widespread , police in places like Stockton , California , and San Diego say it 's a disturbing trend .
Well , hopefully it 's a short fad , but it 's already proven to lead to injuries and death .
Like this video we showed earlier .
The driver bails before his truck hits a fire hydrant and crashes into an electric poll .
He was lucky .
But in Stockton , police say 18-year-old Davender Gulley was killed while performing a stunt out the window of his SUV.
Patel says he only pushes his luck so far .
Make sure you do it in a controlled environment and keep it safe and do n't do anything out of control .
But police warn that without anyone behind the wheel , everything is already out of control .
Now out in Stockton , they passed an ordinance specifically targeting these kinds of stunts .
They 've already , according to a police official , telling me they 've already impounded some 400 or so vehicles and handed out more than 1,500 citations -- Soledad .
Is this new , Dan ?
Is this new ?
LOTHIA
Yes , well , this level is relatively new .
There 's been some form of ghost riding -- did n't have a name -- going on for decades .
The difference , though , now is that you have this technology , you have the Internet , so it can get out there , everyone sees it , and you know what they want to do ?
They want to copy it .
Of course , they want to copy it , because they saw it ion the Web.
All right , Dan Lothian for us .
I hope you did n't have to try any of that for your reporting .
I did not try it .
Glad to hear that , because we like you safe or sound .
