Kathleen reporting from the Pentagon .
Thank you very much .
So what does another former Pentagon leader think about this issue ?
Joining us , the former Defense Secretary William Cohen .
He 's our world affairs analyst .
He 's also the chairman and CEO of the Cohen Group here in Washington .
You know General John Shalikashvili , a very formidable military man , a hero in many respects .
What do you make of his article today suggesting it 's time to do away with this "do n't ask , do n't tell " policy ?
Well , I thought it was a very thoughtful piece that he wrote .
But I think we have to also take into account the full article .
It was almost as if St . Augustine declaring , to God , " Dear God , give me chastity , but not just yet . "
And in the Shalikashvili piece , he said it 's time to start rethinking this policy .
And I think it 's important he also said , " Do n't put this at the top of the agenda just yet .
Make sure we do something about our Iraq policy first . "
We 've got gays in the military we 've had from time immemorial .
They 're over there now .
They 're fighting and they 're dying on behalf of the country .
So it 's not the issue of whether they 're gay or not .
To quote the question about conduct , does it undermine good order and discipline ?
But what do you think ?
Does it ?
Because you studied this when you were defense secretary for a long time .
What I 'm saying is I think that Chairman Shalikashvili has put it right , that this is something that is going to change , is going to evolve .
It 's time to start thinking about it and starting to discuss it .
But do not make this at the top of the agenda until we get the Iraq strategy underway .
I think it would be important that military people raise the issue rather than political leaders because this well become another , quote , "wedge issue " .
And I can see it taking place now .
If any one of the political candidates -- presidential candidates were to make this , as Bill Clinton did , one of his top issues , right away it becomes a political issue and it undermines and it divides the country at a time when we need to have some kind of cohesion about where are we over there right now because we 've got so many fighting and dying .
So I think it 's going to come about .
I think it 's important that we have hearings at some point .
I think that Chairmen Levin and others will ask for hearings , listen to testimony .
But I think it 's really important that the initiative come from within the military because the military is the one that has questioned whether or not it would be divisive in terms of really undermining good order and discipline .
That has to be key .
Correct me if I 'm wrong , but when you were defense secretary during the second part of the Clinton administration , you thought about making a change , you canvassed opinion .
What did you hear from within the Army , the Navy , the Air Force , the Marine Corps ?
