Michael Ware in New York for us , getting ready to head back to the war zone .
Michael be careful when you get over there .
Thanks again .
Thanks , Wolf .
And when we come back , we 'll hear what the vice president thinks about the Democratic front-runner for president .
Do you think Hillary Clinton would make a good president ?
No, I do n't .
Why ?
The answer to that question , plus the vice president responding to Senator John McCain 's tough criticism of him .
We 'll have some more tough questions and tough answers in my exclusive interview with the vice president , Dick Cheney .
That 's coming up .
Stay with us .
You 're in THE SITUATION ROOM.
To our viewers , you 're in THE SITUATION ROOM , where new pictures and information are arriving all the time .
Happening now , a rare one-on-one interview with the vice president .
In my exclusive interview with Dick Cheney , I asked him how he feels about his friend and former staffer Lewis " Scooter " Libby saying he 's been set up by White House officials .
That 's coming up .
His critics wo n't have him to kick around anymore , at least not in the 2008 presidential race .
Democratic Senator John Kerry says he will not mount a repeat run for the presidency .
Kerry says he 's tempted , but says it 's not the time .
And regarding O.J. Simpson 's unpublished book " If I Did It , " a federal judge refuses to hear the case aimed at getting the money Simpson was paid for it .
The lawsuit was brought by Fred Goldman , the father of Ron Goldman , who was killed along with Nicole Simpson back in 1994 .
The judge says the case is out of his jurisdiction .
I 'm Wolf Blitzer .
You 're in THE SITUATION ROOM.
Now we return to my exclusive interview with the vice president , Dick Cheney .
We pick up with the CIA leak case and the trial of his former chief of staff , Lewis " Scooter " Libby .
The whole notion of your long-time aide , Lewis " Scooter " Libby -- he 's in the papers , his lawyer now suggesting on opening day of the trial that he was basically set up by people in the White House to protect Karl Rove , the president 's political aide .
What do you make of this ?
Now , Wolf , you knew when we set up the interview , you can ask all the questions you want .
I 'm going to be a witness in that trial within a matter of weeks .
I 'm not going to discuss it .
I have n't discussed it with anybody in the press yet , and I 'm not going to discuss it with you today .
You -- but you are very close friends .
Wolf , you 've got my answer .
You 've got my answer .
Have you contributed to his legal defense fund ?
I 'm a strong friend and supporter of Scooter 's .
I have not contributed to his legal defense fund .
I think he is an extraordinarily talented and capable individual .
Do you think Hillary Clinton would make a good president ?
No, I do n't .
Why ?
CHENE
Because she 's a Democrat .
I do n't agree with her philosophically and from a policy standpoint .
