That is the kind of theme you 're going to continue to hear from him but if you look at his voting record , Tony , he has , it 's pretty slim , because he 's only been here for two years , but he has a pretty liberal voting record .
So , that is certainly another thing that people are going to be looking at , his substance in his voting record versus the kind of message that he sends out .
Our congressional correspondent Dana Bash for us .
Dana , thank you .
COLLIN
A coach at the top of his game .
Then illness strikes .
Now he 's back on the court looking to win the fight of his life .
CNN 's chief medical correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta has this report now from his series , " Saving your Life . "
Mike Sutton was an energetic basketball coach with Tennessee Tech when his health took a stunning turn for the worse .
My hands and feet ached and I was really tired , and collapsed in the parking lot , fell down on my suitcase .
With no warning , Sutton was struck with Guillain-Barre Syndrome or GBS.
GBS causes the body 's immune system to mistakenly attack and destroy the insulation protecting the nerves in your body .
So in just a matter of days , Mike was paralyzed .
He could barely move a muscle .
The thumb and index finger I could move just ever so slightly .
He needed a tracheotomy to breathe .
He could n't talk .
He could just blink .
You have no way to communicate , and that 's probably the most frustrating thing , is you have no way to tell people if there 's pain .
That was almost two years ago .
Today , coach Sutton is making a slow , and what many consider , an unbelievable comeback .
Talk your way through , it talk your way through it .
Talk , Francis , talk Francis .
Sutton is helped a specially designed wheelchair , a walker , and support from his staff , as well as lots of hard work .
Last year , my hands were limp like this .
I could n't hold my hands up at all .
Three times a week , for two hours a session , he undergoes physical and occupational therapy , trying to train new nerves to do the job of the old ones destroyed by the disease .
These are things that , you know , work on to develop the finger dexterity .
He 's having to relearn everything , from grasping a fork to eat to exercising leg muscles to walk .
He says he could n't have done this without his immediate and extended families who cheered him on .
JONATHAN JONES , TENNESSEE TECH BASKETBALL PLAYE
Strong guy .
He 's always been our leader .
He 's always going to be our leader , and I know that disease is n't going to stop him at all .
Even though something unfortunate happened to me , I 'm still blessed , you know , with my family and my lovely wife and I have a great group of kids on the basketball team , a wonderful staff and I work at a wonderful university .
One , two , three .
TCU !
Dr.
Sanjay Gupta , CNN.
And for more information on this series , you can go to CNN.com/saving your life .
It 's a fantastic series , I should say .
And also check out Dr. Gupta 's special on Saturday at 2:00 p.m. Eastern and Sunday 3:00 p.m. Eastern .
