No injuries are reported , but earlier we did mention that authorities were asking folks in the area to evacuate .
Well , that has since changed .
They are now asking folks to stay indoors and put towels under the doors to prevent smoke from the fire from entering their homes , and here is why .
Officials believe butyl acetate is burning at that scene , which is about 34 miles southwest of Lexington .
Just did a quick search here .
Butyl acetate is commonly used as a solvent in the production of lacquer .
So this is very flammable .
And because of the fumes from this , authorities are asking folks in northern Estill County to -- do n't evacuate anymore , but instead , stay inside , put towels and different things underneath your door to make sure that those fumes do n't come inside your home .
But again , the good news , Don , is that no one was injured .
The question now is , how did four railroad cars break loose and plow into a standing engine ?
That 's something we 're going to be following .
Yes .
How did that happen ?
So a stay in place order , right ?
Because this stuff could be possibly hazardous .
Absolutely .
That 's the word .
OK .
Betty , Nguyen , thank you so much for that .
In charge , but not out of touch .
Up next in the NEWSROOM , the commanding officer at Guantanamo Bay talks about going to great lengths to see for himself what it 's like to be a prisoner .
And following Saddam Hussein 's final footsteps , two of his top aides hang today in Iraq .
Their execution , ahead , straight in the CNN newsroom .
A gruesome scene today in the execution room where Saddam Hussein was hanged .
Hussein 's half brother , seen on the left , and another former regime official were put to death .
There was no repeat of the chaos that occurred when the former Iraqi leader was hanged , but the head of his half brother was -- was severed by the noose and fell to the ground with the body .
The two hanged today were convicted of taking part in the revenge killings of 148 Iraqi Shiites in 1982 .
The new head of the United Nations wants the prison to close .
Protesters were at its gates last week .
We 're talking about the prison at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba .
The first detainees captured in Afghanistan and Pakistan began arriving there five years ago this month .
They were classified at enemy combatants .
The detention facility has drawn protests and calls for its closure ever since .
Recently , I sat down with its commander in a rare on-camera interview .
I asked Admiral Harry Harris how prisoners there ' are treated , specifically prisoners who are force fed after long hunger strikes .
I learned quickly he is in charge but not out of touch .
I do n't mean to put you on the spot , but I was talking to some other officers that work side-by-side with you .
And from what I understand , you actually wanted to go through the feeding tube process yourself to indeed test it , to see if you felt that it was torture .
Why did you do this ?
