One is to rejuvenate the dormant or dead peace process in the Middle East after six years of absolutely no effort , not one single day of substantive discussions to bring peace to Israel .
And the second one is to end the abominable and relatively unknown horrible prosecution -- or persecution of the Palestinian people .
And that 's the thrust of the book .
And not a single critic of the book , so far as I have seen , addresses either one of those issues in a negative way .
Most of the criticisms of the book have been the one word in the title , "apartheid , " and the other one is personal attacks on me .
Anybody that goes to Palestine and looks over the plight of the Palestinians will agree that there 's mandatory separation inside Palestinian territory between the Israelis and the Palestinians and terrible persecution and oppression of the Palestinians by the Israelis .
And that 's a basic issue that 's got to be corrected before Israel can have peace .
Here 's what your former adviser , Professor Ken Stein , of Emory University , who worked with you many years at the Carter Center , told us on CNN.
Listen to this .
There 's too much emotion in the Arab-Israel conflict already , and I think this adds heat rather than light .
When you use the word "apartheid , " what you are doing is you 're saying that what Israel is doing to the Palestinians in the territories is equivalent to what happened to the blacks in South Africa .
Is that what you are saying , Mr. President ?
Well , yes , but I make it very clear in the book , as Ken Stein well knows , that this -- this oppression or apartheid separation mandatorily ( ph ) in the West Bank and Gaza is not because of racism , which was the primary motivation in South Africa , but is based on a small minority of Israeli leaders who have agreed for Palestinian territory .
So there 's quite a bit of difference there .
And I 've never alleged that the framework of apartheid existed within Israel at all , and that what does exist in the West Bank is based on trying to take Palestinian land and not on racism .
So it was a very clear distinction .
Mr.
Vice President , I 've known you for many years .
You 've always been a very , very strong supporter of Israel .
Are you comfortable with President Carter 's use of the word "apartheid " in this new book ?
WALTER MONDALE ( D) , FMR.
VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATE
The president and I have n't talked about this .
I have read the book .
I think there 's a lot of good materials in there .
I do have a few problems with it , but if I might , I would like to talk to the president about it first .
This conference is not about the book .
It 's about what we did when we were in office .
And one of the things we did for four years -- and I was involved working with the president almost daily -- was to pursue policies that strengthened the security of the state of Israel in ways that almost have not occurred under any other administration , and I saw the president daily working to achieve those results .
And I admire that .
