As you look back on that one , what are your thoughts ?
At the gall that he had .
You know , I ca n't believe that he would , you know , be in the process of a crime and call the police and draw attention to himself .
Bill , you have been , obviously , thinking about this a lot since this all broke .
What -- what are the emotions that come to mind in a case like this , when you know a suspect that is linked something like this ?
I guess sort of confusion and frustrations are the biggest ones .
I mean , from what I understand , some of Shaw n 's friends in the area confronted him and actually said , " You look like Shawn Hornbeck , " and he sort of blew the whole thing off , and got away with it .
And this apartment complex -- I own one building , but the buildings are close together .
And there are a lot of people out , especially in warmer weather .
And , apparently , this kid was in plain sight -- Michael , you know , obviously , not doing anything much to hide .
In fact , you could see right into the back bedroom driving by some nights .
It 's just kind of frustration over if I could have or should have done anything differently .
And Michael Devlin is awaiting arraignment on one count of first-degree kidnapping .
He 's being held on $ 1 million bail .
Prosecutors say , more charges are likely .
His dream became our dream .
The nation pauses to remember the Reverend Martin Luther King Jr. -- tributes and remembrances straight ahead from the NEWSROOM.
Atlanta Mayor Shirley Franklin is here .
What is she doing to live the dream ?
For starters , she brought a rare , unique collection of MLK 's papers to this city .
Thanks for staying with us , everyone .
I 'm Kyra Phillips live at the CNN world headquarters in Atlanta .
And I 'm Don Lemon .
Priceless pieces of a dream , now a permanent part of Atlanta history .
The writings of the Reverend Martin Luther King Jr. were bound for the auction block until Atlanta Mayor Shirley Franklin got wind of the plan .
She joins us live right here in the CNN NEWSROOM.
Well Utah state lawmakers are working even though today is a state and federal holiday honoring Dr. King .
They say the state constitution requires them to begin their annual session on the third Monday in January .
The president of the state Senate says they 're honoring King by meeting on his holiday with speakers addressing his legacy .
But the head of the Salt Lake City NAACP says that lawmakers should be embarrassed .
Let 's take you out live now to St . Petersburg , Florida .
This is how they 're celebrating the King day .
Hundreds of people , you can see a marching band there in St . Petersburg , Florida .
The weather could not be nicer .
They 're celebrating with a parade and honoring Dr. Martin Luther King , Jr.
Well if MLK Jr. had stuck to his script at the Lincoln Memorial and the March on Washington , it still would have been a speech for the ages .
But it would not have been forever known as the " I Have a Dream " speech .
Dr. King 's inner circle had prepared , worked , and reworked , agonized over a different speech .
