Thank you , Kyra .
You 're doing great things , guys .
Thank you .
Thank you .
Thank you .
Levee alert -- a government report warns , flood protection structures across the U.S. may not be as strong as they should be -- details coming up on this , straight ahead in the CNN NEWSROOM.
And I 'm Sibila Vargas in Hollywood with your entertainment news .
And the actor goes to Eddie Murphy .
I sat down with him the " Dreamgirls " star in a rare one-on-one interview .
And what has got J.Lo up in arms ?
I will tell you straight ahead in the NEWSROOM.
Are you one of those people who do not wait until the last minute ?
Yes .
Not me .
Yes .
Yes .
Are you getting documents together to file your taxes already ?
Well , you may want to hear -- this year , you may want to wait a little bit , because there is something you want to hear from Susan Lisovicz .
Susan , I 'm at the post office at midnight .
The guy is directing traffic .
Or I 'm filing the extension .
I am so in your camp .
I have been there -- I...
... hate to say it -- on more than one occasion .
It is a real circus at the main postal office in Manhattan .
Why do we want to wait , though ?
Why might some people want to wait ?
Well , in this case , there is good reason .
It enables procrastinators , but there is a very good reason : because it could save you some dough and a lot of aggravation .
Some leading financial services companies are warning that their 1099s will be sent out late this year .
And , once they do get mailed , the companies may have to correct them later .
At least five firms , including Morgan Stanley , Merrill Lynch , Wachovia Securities , Edward Jones , and Raymond James , have received one-month extensions from the IRS to send out 1099s .
Those are the tax forms that list the interest you have earned in capital gains .
The usual deadline for companies to mail them out is January 31 .
But , because of a new reporting requirement that became law last year , mutual funds will have more analysis to do , which will take more time .
It 's kind of comforting , Don , to realize that even the big firms have problems ...
... figuring out the tax codes , and , you know , how -- how we should be filling them out .
Yes .
Obvious question : So , what if you have already filed and then you get a revised 1099 ?
What do you do now ?
OK .
So , you have a couple of others .
Tax experts say , if the correction is insignificant , you do n't have to do anything .
It might not be worth it , if you pay someone else to prepare your tax return .
But , if the correction is large , you will need to revise your return .
And , if you end up owing more tax , you should revise before April 15 , because you could face interest charges .
Of course , it 's all relative as to what is significant and what is insignificant .
You can always , of course , file for an extension as well .
