Frank , where do you stand on the idea of a troop surge ?
I ca n't evaluate it , frankly .
Certainly it 's premature to say the president is going to suggest it , but it 's hard to evaluate unless you know what the purpose of it is .
I think that 's a good point , yes .
And how long it 's going to apply .
My feeling about this is , if the president describes his strategy as one that involves addressing a reality that we really have not discussed so far -- and I do n't think this is a civil war we 're dealing with .
I think it 's a proxy war that 's going on in Iraq today , primarily waged by Iran and Syria , on the one hand , and al Qaeda , with its Saudi backers , on the other .
This dimension is what I would hope we might address with surged forces , if we in fact have them and the president decides to deploy them , specifically going after the Iranian assets and infrastructure and personnel in Iraq .
And then without military means at this point , using our ability to help the people of Iran liberate themselves from a very dangerous regime to them and to us across the border .
Frank , what do you mean when you say that ?
You seem to be pointing a lot of -- pointing your finger directly at Iran .
Well , there is no question .
Iran , despite what Larry Korb said earlier , is not trying to work with us to create a stable Iraq , one that will have refugees flows ( ph ) contained and so on .
It 's doing everything it can to destabilize Iraq .
It hopes , I think , to colonize it , much as it has already colonized Syria , for all intents and purposes , and is working to colonize Lebanon .
Iran is very much the problem here .
Yes .
And we 've got to counter that in Iraq and across the border in Iran itself .
And if necessary , did I hear you suggest that you would -- you would be in favor of some kind of military --if I go too far , stop me -- some kind of military action against Iran to make the point , stay out of Iraq ?
I think you are going too far right now .
OK .
I would focus the military action where it is necessary , indisputably , and that is inside Iraq right now .
The Iranian presence , infrastructure and influence operations there .
Across the border , I think what we could do is use non-military means .
Going after in much the same way Ronald Reagan went after the Soviet Union , cutting off the cash flow of the Iranian regime , working to de-legitimate the government and to empower its people to work and hopefully rise up against it .
These are the sorts of things , Tony , that I think would be absolutely undermined , if not completely foreclosed , by this idea that Jim Baker and now Larry Korb have endorsed of negotiating with the Iranians .
Absolutely the wrong thing to do .
So you would be advocating an approach to Iran that the Iraq government ca n't seem to pull off .
So I 'm wondering , what is the role of the Iraqi government in all of this ?
