U.S. troops will be fighting alongside Iraqi forces .
UNIDENTIFIED MAL
We would like the multinational forces to be everywhere within the police , within the army , and the checkpoints and the patrolling , and the combat forces .
The Baghdad security plan would require a massive amount of manpower .
Not just more U.S. troops , but more Iraqi troops as well .
Iraq says it will bring those troops in from outside the Iraqi capital , and in a change from just a couple of months ago , Iraq says it is ready to accept more American troops .
Ryan Chilcote , CNN, Baghdad .
All right , Hala .
We 're going to take a short break here .
When we come back , going to focus on a story making news in the United States , a dispute against neighbors turning a little bit sour .
The construction of a mosque has some in Texas -- some in a Texas town saying , not in my backyard .
Also , internationally , take a look at that trade dispute .
This is a new one between Moscow and Minsk .
And it may leave the rest of Europe literally out in the cold .
And hello , everyone .
I 'm Tony Harris at the CNN Center in Atlanta .
More of YOUR WORLD TODAY in just a few minutes .
But first , a check of some other stories making headlines .
In New York , investigators are trying to track down the source of a pervasive and mysterious odor .
It 's been reported in Manhattan and as far as away as Newark , New Jersey .
Homeland Security says it 's not terrorism .
Air quality tests suggests it 's not hazardous , and leaking gas has not been ruled out .
The things that we know for sure are that the sensors do not show high concentration of natural gas that would be -- that would give us cause to be concerned .
We also have a bizarre story out of Austin , Texas .
Police there shut down 10 blocks in the heart of downtown .
The reason ?
Dozens of birds found dead in the streets .
Experts testing for any sort of environmental problem like a gas or chlorine leak .
Early air quality tests did not turn up any real concerns .
Let 's check in now with Jacqui Jeras in the weather center .
The fight for Iraq and the battle over a new direction in the war .
President Bush is hammering out details of a new strategy Wednesday night .
Stay with CNN and the best political team on television as President Bush unveils his new plan for Iraq .
Live coverage , Wednesday at 9:00 Eastern on CNN.
That 's a look at our top stories .
The " NEWSROOM" continues coming up at 1:00 Eastern .
Kyra Phillips and Don Lemon will take you to Washington , where Condoleezza Rice is expected to make some personnel announcements .
Stay tuned for that when " NEWSROOM" continues at the top of the hour .
I 'm Tony Harris .
Now back to YOUR WORLD TODAY .
Somalia 's president , Abdullahi Yusuf , is in Mogadishu on Monday for the first time since winning office in 2004 .
The remarkable turn of events came after Islamist forces were driven from power by government troops , as well as significantly reinforcements from Ethiopia .
