Yes ( INAUDIBLE) , we did .
And did you recognize your mother` s voice in the film as well ?
Kind of .
( INAUDIBLE ) does n` t actually sound like that , because she` s kind of supposed to be playing a 1,000-year-old lady ( ph ) .
I like that .
I sound very young when I` m 1,000 years old .
Is that what it is ?
Yes .
So ( INAUDIBLE ) new album coming out very soon .
( INAUDIBLE )
( INAUDIBLE )
How` s this album going to sound ?
( INAUDIBLE )
I think more dance music .
More dance music ?
Yes .
Well , no question where she gets her outspokenness from .
Madonna plays a princess who` s 1,000 years old .
But for the record , Madonna` s only 48 in real life , and looking fantastic .
" Arthur and the Invisibles " is in theaters now .
A.J. , did you hear about this one ?
A big music star` s tour bus was stolen ?
I did hear about that .
And if you ask me , it` s a crying shame , Brooke .
A crying shame .
A crying shame .
Well , SHOWBIZ TONIGHT hits the country roads to find out just who did it .
And now , he` s not a groupie .
Also coming up , the super-skinny model debate rages on .
Tonight , a whole bunch of important fashion types get together to talk about the dangerous messages that these rail-thin models are sending .
But will they actually do any thing about it ?
We`ve also got this :
Killed in the woods where your family died .
His face had been eaten .
Why did Hannibal become a cannibal ?
The chilling story behind Hannibal Lecter` s path to becoming a cold-blooded serial killer .
Your first look , in " The SHOWBIZ Showcase . "
Master , stand by to your break .
Go 3 , fade up music under .
Stand by , A.J. Pre-set Camera 1 . Open his mike .
Dissolve .
Go .
Thank you , Gnarls ( ph ) .
And welcome back to SHOWBIZ TONIGHT for a Friday night .
This is TV` s most provocative entertainment news show .
And it is time now for a story that made us say " That` s Ridiculous ! "
Can we roll the music ?
Oh , I love that sound .
Now , if you`re a fugitive on the run , why just swipe a cheap getaway car ?
You want to flee fashionably , right ?
Steal a tour bus perhaps .
Well , in this case , how about Crystal Gayle` s tour bus ?
Yes , police describe the criminal who` s driving around Florida as a Texas prison escapee - as a kind of a shabby-looking dude who could be very well carrying a radio tuned to light country favorites .
Ba da boom .
OK , we do n` t kid around here about this kind of stuff , because this serious business .
But we do hope they catch this guy .
Dude , you`re making Crystal Gayle` s brown eyes blue by allegedly stealing her tour bus .
So we`re crystal clear on this : " That` s Ridiculous ! "
In tonight` s scary " SHOWBIZ Showcase , " " Hannibal Rising , " the story that reveals why Hannibal Lecter became a frightening serial killer who ate his victims .
The story opens in Europe at the end of World War II , as Hannibal sees his parents violently killed .
So grab a can of fava beans and a nice glass of Chianti - here` s your first look .
