But we have to rely on each other , and Americans have to step forward .
It 's only the outrage that -- the righteous outrage of the American people .
They need to call the White House .
They need to say that if Ramos and Compean are not given a pardon , if they go to jail , the president has declared himself on the side of enemy .
I think that 's where we 're going to have to leave it .
Congressman , we thank you .
We thank you for everything you 're trying to do to introduce justice to the Justice Department and to this administration .
We thank you , sir .
Thank you .
To show is your support for Border Patrol Agents Ramos and Compean , you can contact the White House or the Justice Department and you can find that contact information on our website , loudobbs.com .
The Border Patrol this week seized 2,000 pounds of marijuana at the Tahoa-Oadum ( ph ) Reservation in Arizona .
The ton of pot was found in two separate locations on the reservation , the combined street value more than $ 2 million .
As we reported here , one community on that reservation voted to ban the National Guard from using its tribal lands to patrol a section of the U.S. border with Mexico .
The reservation about the size of the state of Connecticut is located on the section of the border with the highest number of illegal crossings and drug smuggling trails .
Those trails , at least one of them , somebody kind of cast aside $ 2 million worth of pot .
I wonder what the connection is .
Border control or borders themselves wo n't be an issue if some business and political elitist groups have their way .
This week a proposal for an expended so-called free trade zone from Alaska to the tip of Argentina .
It 's a plan from those elitists that will cost more American jobs , cost more American sovereignty , but it would fulfill the president 's father 's vision .
Bill Tucker reports .
It 's not a new idea .
President Bush talked about it back in 1991 .
It is a big idea , a new world order where diverse nations are drawn together in common cause .
Now former United States Trade Ambassador Robert Zoellick is talking about it again with renewed vigor , this time a new world order with business at the helm of trade and economic policy , advocating what he calls the Association of American Free Trade Agreements , a separate non government entity which would include North , Central and South America .
What Zoellick is really proposing here is a stealth trade agenda .
It 's not a national agenda .
He 's proposing to set up what 's essentially a private organization to try to achieve what he could n't get done when he was the U.S. trade representative .
And this is a business agenda .
It 's an agenda that goes hand in hand with the United States , Mexico and Canada working quietly and behind the scenes to promote a common market with common deregulation for the benefit of multinational corporations .
It 's an agenda that so far has resulted in an increase in U.S. corporate profits of 45 percent while wages of American workers have risen only three percent from the last five years .
