In China , Dr. Huang told the 68-year-old Dunn he would receive an injection of one million nose and brain cells into his spinal cord .
Before Dunn 's surgery , hospital nurses shot this video of him .
He had a hard time doing simple tasks .
According to his sister 's journal , the operation was dicey .
Dunn stopped breathing .
He flat-lined , almost died .
He was resuscitated .
Awake , he reported feeling sensations in both arms that he did n't have before .
And later , some in his hands and fingers .
Several months later , though , he still ca n't walk .
Huang says he 's not surprised .
For Jim Dunn , I do n't think he can recover to walk .
Jim was stunned .
He never told me that .
It seems kind of incongruous to think that he would take my money knowing that he was n't going to be able to do anything for me , does n't it ?
Still , even today , Dunn holds out hope .
I 'm always going to believe that this venture that I have embarked upon is going to pay the dividends that I want it to .
I got two parachutes left with about 6,000 jumps still left on them .
And I intend to get every one of them .
GUPT
Dr.
Sanjay Gupta , CNN, reporting .
And we should note Jim Dunn receives intense physical therapy , so it 's hard to say whether the movement and the feeling he 's regained were from the surgery or from his own hard work .
New year , old message .
Al Qaeda 's number two preaches an eye for an eye .
What 's behind the words ?
We 're going to tell you in the CNN NEWSROOM.
Scooter says he 's a scapegoat .
Opening statements today in the trial of Dick Cheney 's former chief of staff , Lewis " Scooter " Libby , accused of lying to investigators in the CIA leak case .
CNN Justice Correspondent Kelli Arena was at the D.C. courthouse .
This is day one , the perjury trial of Lewis " Scooter " Libby , formerly Vice President Cheney 's right-hand man .
The prosecution in this case , Patrick Fitzgerald , came out fighting right from the start , presenting a very detailed timeline of when he says that Libby learned of Valerie Wilson 's identity as someone who worked for the CIA .
And he says that knowledge dates back to June of 2003 .
He then played an audiotape , a very unusual move .
An audiotape of Libby 's testimony before the grand jury in which Libby tells those jurors that he did not learn of Plame 's -- Wilson 's identity until late July from a reporter , Tim Russert , of NBC News .
And Fitzgerald , of course , says this contradicts what he learned factually and proves that Libby is lying .
Of course , Libby 's lawyer then gets up in his opening statements , Ted Wells ( ph ) , and says , look , this is a paper-thin , circumstantial , he said-she said case .
There is absolutely no evidence that Libby lied .
This is a very busy man , he was asked about conversations he had three months after the fact .
No one could remember this , especially someone in his position .
And that really is what this case is all about .
That is the crux .
Did Scooter Libby intentionally lie or did , as he claims , his memory fail him ?
