I` m sure that for many of these couples , when the cameras turn off , they still are sort of on .
And it` s hard for them to really tone it down , be genuine with each other , be vulnerable with each and be honest with each other .
Damn !
Damn ! Lord , I just want to be a real person .
They feel like there` s always a third witness there , which is millions of Americans , watching their every move and their every mistake , or every complication in their relationship .
So you`d think today` s crop of reality stars would have learned from their predecessors .
Uh , no .
VH-1` s viewers are seeing a lot of complications in " Breaking Bonaduce , " the reality show on the air now starring Danny Bonaduce and his wife , Gretchen .
I`d be like , God , I need to have a shot right now .
And I made a mistake and I had a drink .
But oddly enough , showing the world their faults , like Danny` s struggle with sobriety , might actually be helping to save their marriage .
This is an incredibly dysfunctional couple , and they would be the first to admit that .
However , they have really used to show to fight to save their marriage .
You`ve always been very open about your addictions .
Right .
But now you guys are also very open about troubles in your marriage .
GRETCHEN BONADUCE , DANNY BONADUCE` S WIF
If we did n` t stay honest and we tried to whitewash it , we would n` t help anybody .
Not all reality relationships turn into reality wrecks .
Rob and Amber , the couple who met on CBS` " Survivor , " are still going strong .
We`re in the reality TV show business , if you will , and our life together is the most important thing to us .
Rob and Amber - Romber - I think they`re going to go public soon .
You can trade these guys on the NASDAQ .
They`re like pork-bellies .
They`re - they`re reality royalty .
Rob and Amber are coming up on their two-year anniversary .
So far , so good .
But get this : they`ve even signed up for yet another reality show .
This time , CBS` " The Amazing Race All Stars , " heading back to " The Amazing Race . "
And we`ve got a great guy for Britney Spears and hook-ups for other newly single stars who are starting over in 2007 .
All that at 45 past the hour .
( INAUDIBLE) , I want to give you a little warning before tonight` s " SHOWBIZ Showcase . "
If you happen to be eating some thing right now , you might want to put it down .
We here at SHOWBIZ TONIGHT absolutely love NBC` s off-the-wall " Scrubs . "
And tonight , the cast is getting all musical with their hilarious but may-not-make-it-to-Broadway song-and-dance routine called " Everything Comes Down to Poo . "
You can certainly bet that Kenny and Cartman over at " South Park " are loving this .
Here now , your first look .
Ah , you liked that , Jay ( ph ) , did n` t you ?
It was perfect for my crew` s sense of humor .
I can only imagine the writers` meeting when they came up with this idea .
You can catch that entire episode of " Scrubs " in song when " Scrubs : My Musical " airs on NBC tomorrow .
