So while it 's been fairly smooth sailing , it has to be said that the Chinese officials and the censors are watching all the time .
David Schlesinger , you were based in Beijing for a number of years in the early '90s .
And you continue to travel there quite frequently .
What changes have you noticed ?
DAVID SCHLESINGER , EDITOR-IN-CHIEF , REUTER
Well , I think there 's been a complete change .
When I was there from '91 through '94 , that was just after the Tiannamen Square problems and amid crackdown on dissidents .
And at that point , it was almost impossible to get people to talk on the record about anything .
We had to register to travel .
We - very difficult to get interviews .
All of our reporting really had to be done with anonymous sources .
I 've never used so many anonymous sources in my entire career .
But now , things - over the years , things have changed .
I was just back there at the end of last year for a summit that Reuters put on .
And we had two dozen very senior business officials , government officials talking on the record , in our offices , but about business and economics .
Politics is still off limits .
And these new rules , that 's simply a continuation of that .
Now correspondents can travel more freely , but there 's a very big difference between having access and really getting information .
So there will still be a problem getting information , be it the entire apparatus of rules about revealing state secrets , the whole national security apparatus .
That has not been dismantled .
And it wo n't be dismantled .
So you can have access , but whether or not you can actually get information and insight , that will be the true question .
Jim Corrigall of the IFJ , is it your belief , then , that this is maybe just a token gesture ahead of the Olympics ?
Or is this something else going - turning on behind the scenes ?
Well , I do n't think it 's a token gesture .
I think we should welcome it .
It 's relaxation , if only from foreign correspondents .
And we welcome it as that .
But it 's - we 'd like to see , obviously , much bigger relaxation of media law in China , so that it does n't just apply to foreign correspondents , but also applies to local journalists , Chinese journalists , who still lay by the enormous restrictions .
Have you had any discussions of any government officials at all ? Has - or have you had complete freedom of movement since you arrived ?
Or has anybody had a quiet word in your ear ?
No, no quiet word in my ear at this stage .
But so far , we have n't embarked upon any of those controversial stories that we 've all been longing to do for quite some time , like land confiscation , like the AIDS patients , like the situation with the environment , the water crisis in many parts of this country .
When we do go onto those stories , I suspect that it will be a different situation when it comes to dealing with the government officials .
And how it plays out on the ground , of course , will be the test for this Chinese government , especially going to be to the Olympics .
Because this government has said that it wants to have the best Olympics ever .
And part of that is giving foreign journalists access to report China and to report it freely .
