TONY BILL , HOLLYWOOD PRODUCER/DIRECTO
You have a fine line in " Airplane ! " ,
aviation movies , between the real and the phony , unless of course you opt for something really funny like the movies -- " Airplane ! "
movies which are just very funny , because they trade on that extreme different between utter reality and utter phoniness .
This is Elaine Dickinson ( ph ) , I 'm the stewardess .
Captain Oveur is passed out on the floor and we have lost the co-pilot , the navigator too .
We are in terrible trouble , over ?
The " Airport " series were ripe for a satire , which is what lead to " Airplane ! " .
" Airport was like an airplane book .
It was sort of like you read it and you do n't really feel proud of yourself .
The inside of a plane is not a bad set for a movie if you keep in mind that what you are doing is creating drama .
And when you have a whole bunch of people crammed into a small space , you have claustrophobia and you have intrigue automatically .
So it is actually kind of a good space for a story .
" The Aviator , " Marty Scorsese 's movie , that is a very interesting movie , because Marty Scorsese hates to fly .
So here is a movie about the love of flight made by a person who hates flying .
That is interesting .
That movie does n't have what an aviator would call realistic flying scenes in it .
The scene where Howard Hughes crashes his airplane is fraught with , you know , airplane shaking and , you know , a lot of great filmmaking , but not reality .
I think it is a dead genre .
I think it is very hard to romanticize flight .
And it is very hard to capture the reality of it for the pilot or for the passengers .
Coming up after the break : Sun , sea , surf , oh , and cycling .
We escape in Southern California .
Welcome back to CNN BUSINESS TRAVELER .
We are in California .
Let 's get to grips with one of your questions .
Chris Anderson ( ph ) has written to me .
He lives in Japan and regularly flies between Tokyo and Melbourne .
He has noticed that the fare is more expensive if he buys the ticket in Melbourne , Australia .
The first thing to remember is that full fare tickets are always the same price .
It does n't matter which direction you travel .
But once the airlines start discounting , that is where the discrepancies come in .
And often it does n't make much sense .
Airlines discount because they want to steal a march ( ph ) on the opposition and build market share .
Often this is when a foreign flag carrier is playing catch-up on the reverse leg of a popular route , as in this case .
For instance , out of Australia , Qantas is the major carrier , and so can charge higher fares ; but on the return out of Japan , it is the minor player , and therefore offers cheaper prices .
The question ( ph ) for our airlines is to be able to get market share .
So when you are on your own side , a trio originating from your own country , you expect a high yield ( ph ) .
And you are not ready to accept larger discounts .
