Songs like this one have been written in their memory .
... the way I miss you more each day
Portraits painted in their honor to help friends and family remember the women for how they lived , not how they died .
Natalie Clancy , CBC News , Vancouver .
That 's going to be a remarkable trial and remarkably painful .
We 'll be watching that , too .
All right .
We 've got to move on .
One of the first rules of warfare , know your enemy .
That 's right .
With that in mind , correspondent Ben Wedeman takes us behind the scenes in Israel when we come back .
Do stay with us .
A former Israeli general with years of experience fighting against Lebanon 's Hezbollah guerrillas now chosen as the new chief of Israel 's armed forces .
That 's right .
This as the army rearms itself to fight future wars by taking some cues from its enemies .
Ben Wedeman catches up with the so-called red units .
Israeli soldiers prepare their weapons for a raid , a mock raid .
The bullets are blanks .
The grenades spew only smoke .
But this is deadly serious business .
The troops are assaulting a house defended by the red unit , a new group mimicking the tactics of Israel 's present and potential battlefield foes , Hezbollah fighters , Palestinian militants , Syrian soldiers .
Many of the red unit troops are women who do n't normally serve in combat units .
We have to learn about the enemy in order to defeat it .
These exercises are being conducted at a new facility that looks remarkably like an ordinary village in Gaza , just a few minutes drive away , or the West Bank .
This is the world 's largest and most sophisticated urban-warfare training center .
There are more than 400 buildings , and it 's designed to simulate the conditions in an obviously Arab town with A population of about 50,000 .
Missing in all of this is the most vulnerable element in modern Middle Eastern warfare , civilians .
Their absence blamed on the budget .
We do n't have civilians .
We do n't have enough money to rent civilians .
They may be in short supply , but not high technology .
Soldiers here wear uniforms with censors that pick up on laser beams shot from specially equipped guns .
And while we only saw Israeli soldiers , others are involved here .
The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers is helping build this facility .
" They 're using the knowledge they 've gained , " combined with our knowledge , says Lieutenant Colonel Ari Moray ( ph ) .
" There 's an intention to do joint exercises with the Americans and create a reservoir of knowledge that can be of service to us and to them . "
WEDEMA
It appears the lessons learned here may have applications elsewhere .
Ben Wedeman , CNN, Za'alim ( ph ) Amry Base , Israel .
A report just published has found that Northern Ireland police officers colluded with loyalist paramilitaries to cover up at least a dozen murders over a 10-year period .
Now the report says loyalists , who worked as police informers , were effectively given immunity for their crimes .
False police notes on crimes were created and searches of suspects homes were frustrated .
And in some cases , killers facing police questioning were baby-sat during police interviews so they avoided incriminating themselves .
