And two men on different sides of the aisle , both paying tribute today to the 38th president of the United States , one of those , the 39th president of the United States , saying , we were both agreed that -- saved by the grace of God through our faith in Jesus Christ -- and , of course , the defense secretary pointing out so eloquently , saying that he was a patriot who knew that freedom is precious .
You 're looking at live pictures now from Grand Rapids , the family of Gerald R. Ford sitting in the front , his children , Michael , Steven , Susan Bales Ford , and then Jack Ford , and , of course , the former first lady , Betty Ford , all paying their final tributes to their dad and their husband and their loved one .
Stay with the CNN NEWSROOM for continuing coverage .
We will be back right after this .
Stunning news coming out of Duke University .
Fredricka Whitfield following all the details for us -- Fredricka .
Well , Don , right now , the attorneys for the lacrosse university students who had been facing those rape charges are in the middle of a press conference right now , making it official that they have been informed by Duke University that two of the students , Reade Seligmann and Collin Finnerty , are being allowed to go back to the university , attend once again to the university , and be in good standing , now that the rape charges against all three of the young men have been dropped .
The reason why you 're not hearing anything about Duke ( sic ) Evans returning to school is because that lacrosse player graduated from Duke University last May , just before being charged with rape , sexual assault and kidnapping involved -- as it relates to the dancer who was at a -- the players ' party , accusing the players of those charges , because she has since changed her story , and said that now she cannot quite remember all the events that night .
That is why those charges of rape have been dropped .
However , the charges of sexual assault and kidnapping still remain , the case still ongoing .
Meantime , Duke University says that it is going to allow these students back to the school .
We heard from the attorney for Collin Finnerty , Wade Smith , a moment ago , who said , this speaks to Duke 's integrity as an institution .
What we want to say today is that , yesterday , we received word that Duke University has changed Collin 's status , from administrative leave to student in good standing , and that Duke has invited him to enroll in the spring 2007 , and to rejoin his fellow students and his lacrosse teammates at the university this spring .
And we feel that this is a very important moment in Duke 's -- in institutional history .
It is certainly an important moment in our client 's life .
Wade Smith , the attorney for Collin Finnerty , says that he has spoken with both Collin and Reade , and says that they are very happy about it and excited about returning back to Duke University -- Don .
Just to clarify , did they say they were going to do it , or we 're not sure yet ?
Are they considering their options ?
What is going on ?
