Get down !
Get down !
Reppenhagen , a former Army scout and sniper , has a descriptive phrase for the year he spent in Baquba going house to house .
It 's an ( INAUDIBLE ) experience .
And that 's only if you get to a house .
Try getting past the roadside bombs first .
Sometimes they 're in trash .
They 'll hide them in animal carcasses .
They 'll hide them in trees or on light posts .
You told me something pretty mind-blowing about the curbs in Iraq .
What did they do ?
Sure .
One of the things we learned to identify is they would make false curbs and have an IED built into the curb .
So as you 're going down the street , you had to find that difference in the curb , otherwise it may explode .
Best to avoid using any vehicles , they say .
To easy to get trapped .
When attacked from a building , Reppenhagen says soldiers have to counter with overwhelming fire , take out the target , then clear the entire building .
It can take hours .
In one chaotic exchange , he describes firing back against a sniper in a building , having to take out another man who was rushing in and out to deliver him ammunition .
At one point , that man took cover behind a car .
His unit , he says , lit up the car , then looked inside .
There were three innocent kids that were kidding in the car .
Not aware that , you know , there was going to be a battle in Baquba that day .
And all three of them were killed .
Just a snapshot of what U.S. and Iraqi forces will continue to go through in the months ahead .
When I asked Powers and Reppenhagen if 21,000 more U.S. troops , plus Iraqis , are enough for those urban operations , they said there really is no right amount for that kind of fighting -- Wolf .
BLITZE
Brian , as you speak to these guys , what 's the bottom line , what is -- is there a sort of consensus emerging ?
The consensus is that taking a city and holding a city , especially one as huge as Baghdad , is going to extremely , extremely difficult .
Just what they described going through block by block .
Even the noises .
When guns go off and you do n't know where it came from in an urban setting , the sound echoes off buildings .
You do n't know whether it came from in front of you , behind you , to the side .
Something as simple as that and you have to react to it and your buddies have to react to it .
That happens almost , you know , block by block .
And in a city as big as Baghdad , how long do you figure that 's going to take ?
Brian Todd reporting for us .
Thank you , Brian .
Good reporting .
President Bush today went on the road to push his new plan for Iraq .
He met with troops at Fort Benning , in Georgia , some of whom will soon be among the more than 20,000 headed to Iraq .
For the troops it 's a case of following orders .
But can the president sell his plan to an increasingly skeptical Congress and public ?
