So will Democrats use the so-called power of the purse to enact the changes many want to see in the war ?
CNN 's Brian Todd is joining us now with this part of the story -- Brian .
Wolf , it 's widely thought that control over the money is the Democrats ' best leverage to bring about change in Iraq .
But having that leverage and using it without political backlash will be difficult .
Just before one of the deadliest months in Iraq for U.S. troops , millions of American voters told Democratic candidates , we 're counting on you to change the course of this war .
Now , as the majority in Congress , Democrats seemingly have an important piece of leverage over the president to do that .
Leverage backed up by the Constitution .
The power of the purse is the Democrats ' main lever here .
They ca n't force the president to change policy .
All they can do is tell him that he ca n't spend any money .
Then why do we hear this from top Democrats ?
No one is going to cut off funding to the troops that I know of .
I see no appetite , and certainly I would not support actually restricting funds .
Comments that earn a scolding from one of the most liberal of Democrats who also ran on an antiwar platform .
We have to realize it is not credible to simultaneously say that you oppose the war in Iraq and continue to fund it .
But analysts say for Democrats , it 's not that simple .
Democrats have the problem of having to balance the fact that their constituency wants the U.S. out of Iraq , and as soon as possible .
Balance that with the fear that Democrats have not always been tough enough for some people on issues like national security .
TOD
The Democrats do n't want to be painted as cutting off money for troops in harm 's way .
So they 're going another route , pressuring the Bush administration to put all of the money for the war into the regular budget , rather than emergency bills where they 've been channeling much of the funds and where there 's less oversight .
This is an enormously expensive engagement .
Somebody 's got to keep a tab on this .
Somebody 's got to ask for justification .
Will the White House go along ?
We will move toward making expenditures in Iraq and in the war in general , including Afghanistan , as transparent as possible .
If the White House does n't do that or does n't follow other Democratic plans for changing course in Iraq , there 's already talk that Democrats will use other leverage , like blocking the president 's judicial nominations .
When I asked incoming House budget chairman John Spratt if he would go along with moves like that , he said he did n't want to respond to a hypothetical -- Wolf .
Brian Todd reporting .
Thank you , Brian , for that .
Newly released FBI documents provide some fresh insight into the harsh interrogation tactics used against detainees at Guantanamo Bay .
Among the alleged incidents , a bearded detainee whose head was wrapped in Duct tape after he refused to stop reciting the Koran .
The report is online and our Jacki Schechner has some details -- Jacki .
