We see the president and Laura Bush walking out right now .
The president and the first lady will be getting in that presidential limo .
They 'll be making the short drive down Pennsylvania Avenue , Paula , from the White House up to Capitol Hill .
He 's been rehearsing , he 's been practicing .
He 's been going through the speech for days now , and clearly he seems ready .
We interrupted Ed with -- we wanted to show our viewers the president and the first lady leaving the White House , Ed , right behind you .
That 's right , he 's heading over .
You know , it 's probably going to take less than 10 minutes .
A short drive , of course .
As I was noting , health care one of the big focuses of this speech .
What the president wants that to do is to cut into the 46 million people who do not have health insurance is to make health benefits a standard tax deduction .
He thinks that will encourage more people actually buy into the system , get their own health insurance .
And what he 's going to say tonight , in part is : " In all we do , we must remember that the best health care decisions are made not by government and insurance companies , but by patients and their doctors . "
Now , Democrats , though , are jumping on this even before this speech is delivered , because they say that by making it a tax deduction , this also makes health benefits taxable income and it 's going to wind up being a tax increase on many Americans -- Wolf .
All right , thanks , Ed .
Ed , stand by .
We 're going to get back to you .
The president goes into tonight 's speech facing some very daunting poll numbers .
Our CNN/" USA Today "/Gallup Poll and CNN/Opinion Research Corporation poll -- that 's a mouthful -- show the president with a 34 percent approval rating right now .
And you can see the steady decline over the past six Januarys , from a high of 84 percent .
That was back in 2002 .
And it 's gone down steadily ever since , as we can see .
Let 's bring in our senior political analyst , Bill Schneider -- historically , Bill , as we take a look at these numbers , the president 's got a major hurdle in front of him .
He certainly does .
That 34 percent figure where he is right now , that is not only the lowest for President Bush , it 's the lowest for any president in at least the last 50 years , going into the next to the last year of his presidency .
If a president 's poll ratings go down like that , he -- it may not make much difference to him He does n't have to face the voters again .
He ca n't run again .
But he needs allies .
And he loses clout with ratings like that , because even the members of his own party start moving away from him , start abandoning his policies .
He 's seeing that happening right now with the Republicans on the Iraq War .
On to some more numbers now .
We 're going to look at another CNN/Opinion Research Corporation showing -- poll showing 64 percent favor a resolution opposing a troop build-up in Iraq .
The bill -- the president has also said he knows that adding troops wo n't be popular .
