And I 'm so glad that I , along with Thelma Carter , have had the opportunity to bring their names to Washington , D.C.
When Thomas Moore found out that James Seale was alive , he brought it to the attention of a U.S. attorney in Jackson , Mississippi .
And the FBI reopened this case , deciding they had enough evidence against James Seale .
And actually , James Seale was arrested for the first time in 1964 .
He was arrested with another man , Charles Edwards , in connection with this case .
Charles Edwards , also a Klansman -- and there are reports that Edwards may have told authorities information that led to this indictment .
Attorney General Alberto Gonzales , Don , saying today that he could n't confirm that .
Yes , and you know the prosecutors are saying , Brianna , if it was n't for the filmmaker and not for the brother , they would never have known about this and this case may not have been solved .
But the big question is why has he only been charged -- I think with kidnapping ?
Why not murder ?
No, and that 's something that 's very glaring .
And when you hear these charges , you really wonder that .
Attorney General Gonzales was asked that today and he said in these cases , these decades ' old cold cases , certain evidence has been degraded , certain witnesses are n't around anymore and it 's really difficult sometimes to pursue those charges .
He said they 're pursuing charges that they 're confident that they can prove .
And sort of the example of this is the conviction of Edgar Ray Killen .
He was -- back in 2005 , he was 80 years old .
And he was put in jail to serve a 60 year sentence for the murders of three civil rights workers , very close in time to this -- these two murders .
And the prosecutors went after murder charges with Edgar Ray Killen .
And in the end , the jury only delivered charges -- or a conviction on manslaughter charges .
Very interesting stuff .
Brianna Keilar , thank you so much .
Well , how the world has changed for Pete Williams .
When he was convicted of rape back in 1985 , Ronald Reagan was president , the Soviet Union was a superpower , the Internet did n't even exist .
After almost 22 years in a Georgia prison , Williams is getting used to a new world .
He was released late Tuesday , cleared finally by DNA evidence .
And this afternoon , he 's going to be talking to us about his ordeal and his new-found freedom .
That 's at 3:30 Eastern .
You do n't want to miss it .
It 's right here in the CNN NEWSROOM.
Terror plot ?
Well , apparently not .
But maybe a wake-up call .
27 year-old Armando Bustamante Miranda ( ph ) was arrested this week .
Authorities say he 's the man in this surveillance video spilling liquid mercury onto a Los Angeles subway platform just before Christmas .
There 's the video there .
He told investigators he found the mercury in a dumpster and was hoping to sell it to buy drugs .
The FBI does not believe he 's a terrorist .
But feds wonder how first responders would have responded to a genuine threat .
It took transit officials eight hours to alert other agencies to that spill .
