The new Democratic House delivered on some of its promises , raising the minimum wage to $ 7.25 an hour , loosening federal restrictions on stem-cell research , and changing the rules for Medicare drug prices .
How much did you see about those issues , especially on television ?
Chances are not very much .
Joining us now to talk about the media 's handling of Congress , the war , and one celebrity food fight , Rachel Maddow , host of " The Rachel Maddow Show " on Air America Radio .
She 's in Springfield , Massachusetts .
And in Seattle , Michael Medved , host of " The Michael Medved Show " on Salem Radio .
Michael Medved , minimum wage , stem cell , Medicare drug prices -- I know the war is the dominant issue , but these very important questions have n't really gotten much coverage , have they ?
MICHAEL MEDVED , HOST , " THE MICHAEL MEDVED SHOW" : Well , they have n't gotten nearly enough .
They 've given more coverage to Nancy Pelosi 's status as the first female speaker of the House of Representatives .
And what really struck me most about the coverage of the first 100 hours of the Democratic House was how different it was from the first 100 hours of the new Republican House back in 1995 when New Gingrich took over .
You may remember , before Newt even came to power , there was a " TIME" cover that said " The Gingrich Who Stole Christmas , " there was a " Newsweek " cover that uses the same pun .
And there was all this talk about Newt Gingrich and the barbarians are going to be coming -- storming Washington and taking lunches away from the poor and destroying America 's social network .
The coverage of Nancy Pelosi has been almost entirely a valentine .
She 's handled it well .
I give her all the credit in the world .
But there 's a very , very striking difference between the negativity toward ...
Right .
... a new Republican House and the very positive , glowing response to a new Democratic House .
We have talked about that contrast on this show .
Rachel Maddow , if you compare the coverage of the House boosting the minimum wage for the first time in nine years , the $ 7.25 an hour , versus David Beckham signing with an L.A. soccer team , not even close , was it ?
Well , David Beckham is really , really cute , and you do have to factor that into this .
So that is important .
I mean ...
If only I had factored that into the equation .
Yes , exactly , the cute factor .
I think that in response to Michael 's point , just briefly , I would say that the " Contract with America " agenda that the Gingrich Republicans came in with in '94 was a much more controversial than the Democrats ' first 100 hours agenda .
If you look at the poll numbers on how Americans feel about what the Democrats wanted to do in their first 100 hours , they 're very , very , very popular steps .
So , politically , I think there 's a little bit of a cost to the Democratic Party in that they 're doing all these very popular things that in partisan terms you would want them to get a lot of credit for , things like the minimum wage , implementing the 9/11 Commission recommendations .
By doing them so quickly , they may be losing a little bit out on their partisan advantage they could gain if they were instead to stretch them out over a long period of time .
