The weather is cold but the controversy is steaming up at the Sundance Film Festival .
A batch of new films are pushing the envelope and a lot of buttons .
We 're going to get the scoop live from Sundance .
You are in the CNN NEWSROOM.
First , though , a controversial jailhouse conversation .
The man accused of kidnapping two Missouri boys talks with a visitor , who turned out to be a reporter .
Michael Devlin 's attorneys are just furious over this .
CNN 's Soledad O'Brien with AMERICAN MORNING has more .
He 's 6'4" , weighs 300 pounds , not the kind of man you 'd think of as timid and scared .
Still , Michael Devlin says that he 's afraid to confront his mother and father now that he 's been arrested .
In two separate 15-minute interviews , the Missouri pizza shop manager , accused of kidnapping two boys , tells the " New York Post , " " I do n't know how I 'm going to explain myself to my parents .
It 's much easier talking to a stranger about these things than your own parents . "
Devlin says he had few friends , telling " The Post , " " I guess you could say I 'm lonely .
All my friends started getting married and having kids .
Hanging out with friends just becomes a lower priority . "
When asked about girlfriends , Devlin says , " I was never really interested in that . "
Did he like women at all ? Devlin says , " I ca n't talk about that because it has to do with the case . "
Shawn Hornbeck 's parents are concerned their son will have to testify in court about his four-year ordeal with Devlin .
It 's something that I am sure Shawn does n't want to do .
I really do n't want to have to put Shawn through that again .
He lived it for four and a half years .
Why make him relive it ?
Michael Devlin says his time in jail is difficult .
He ca n't sleep , he says , and he 's isolated .
They keep me away from everyone because they think I 'm dangerous .
He insists he 's not .
In spite of the trauma Devlin may have inflicted on Shawn Hornbeck for four long years , Devlin claims that for him , at least , life with the boy had been good .
I guess I was relatively happy , he says .
Not happy is Devlin 's attorney .
He 's furious the interview ever happened .
Anytime you have unauthorized , unrestricted access into a jailing facility you have problems , especially with a case like this .
Soledad O'Brien , CNN, reporting .
Now Devlin 's attorneys report him moved to what they consider a more secure location .
But the Franklin County sheriff insists there is no security breach at his jail .
That the woman , who visited Devlin , signed in as required .
And , quote , " Devlin observed the female prior to the interview .
And still granted the visit . "
The statement goes on to read , " The female then left .
It is not known by this office who she told Devlin she was . "
Betty , there are reported sightings in a manhunt for a missing Indiana family .
Police in Elkhart will only say they 've received information that the mother and four children are alive .
Now they are checking every lead .
