Now , as you can see , the red building has a pretty good commanding line of sight , a commanding view of where the U.S. and Iraqi forces are located .
As you orient now and get the insurgent view of the U.S. forces and the Iraqi forces , you can see that they are in a much taller piece of terrain .
That 's commanding terrain in terms of an urban fight .
General , we 've got a couple of pieces of video we want to show you that some of our viewers have been seeing , and maybe with your expertise you can explain to us exactly what 's going on .
This particular video seems to be a long shot .
And you see there seems to be a mesh that seems to be obstructing some kind of view .
Now , there we see some of the soldiers .
What kind of weapon is that that he 's using right there ?
That is a sniper weapon , it 's exceptionally devastating .
It 's a .50
caliber weapon system , it 's a very large bullet .
It will cut a man in half , it does a lot of damage on the business end .
What kind of teamwork is required for a mission like this where you have soldiers in one building , essentially shooting at another building that may be a pretty good distance away ?
Yes , absolutely .
What you want to try to do is you want to set up in teams .
You certainly want to employ weapons systems , small arms , as well as that sniper weapon in teams .
And you want to have spotters , individual soldiers or Marines that are identifying the targets .
And then through radio communications to the firing location , if they 're not co-located , is they start to market targets .
They identify them , and they do it in terms that you and I would use depending on the circumstances .
You see the head pop up in the third window to the left .
You get your frame of reference , you engage .
And if it 's free fire area , if the rules of engagement have been lifted and you can engage , they will , quite readily , once they get a good fix and good sight picture on that target .
As we look at these pictures we start to maybe get a sense of what the president and some of his commanders are going to try to do over the next couple of months by sending in reinforcements and say -- and they say they want to be able to control the streets of Baghdad .
Will we see more scenes like this play out ?
Is this what they mean by essentially taking back the streets of Baghdad ?
Rick , that 's what it means .
But it 's really two things .
First of all , you have to establish security , and that 's what operations like this will provide you .
The second thing is that once you 've achieved that security , even if it 's minimally in very pinpoint areas within a certain district , you begin to expand from that and you provide other forms of governance .
We rely on General Spider Marks to make sense of situations like that .
And there you can see why .
