The birth mother speaks out as she faces kidnapping charges .
That 's coming up .
Plus this :
Everybody will come up and apologize to me , but Tigger .
He wo n't be a man about it , and get out of the costume and come out and apologize to my son .
What ?
Tigger the Tiger is not being a man about it ?
You know , Winnie-the-Pooh 's pal at Disney World ?
What is going on ?
Somehow Tigger is in hot water this morning .
We 'll tell you why the dad is so upset , ahead on CNN SUNDAY MORNING.
" Now in the News " : Two more American soldiers were killed in Iraq this weekend .
The military says they were killed in separate attacks southwest of Baghdad , and in Anbar Province .
That brings to 3,008 the number of U.S. troops killed since the war began .
( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP )
That 's the sound of outrage .
Protestors marching in Somalia 's capitol of Mogadishu this weekend .
The denounced the presence of Ethiopian troops and they condemn the government 's plan to forcibly disarm the city .
The government has announced it will postpone those plans .
Meanwhile , security concerns forced a top U.S. diplomat to cancel an unannounced visit to Mogadishu , today .
There are more warnings about possible avalanche danger in Colorado and this comes in the wake of yesterday 's collapse that swept two cars completely off a mountain road .
Eight people had to be rescued .
Check this out , power crews working overtime near Seattle trying to get the lights back on .
A powerful storm swept through the area and knocked out power to nearly 150,000 homes , but now only about 15,000 are still without power .
House Democratic leaders plan to pass six major pieces of legislation in just a hundred hours of legislative floor time and the clock starts ticking Tuesday .
CNN 's Tom Foreman reports .
The House will come to order .
One-hundred hours to introduce , discuss , and pass legislation .
One-hundred hours to get Washington moving .
Like school kids back from break , the Democrats have sharpened their pencils and say they 're ready to work .
Is a hundred hours enough time ?
Maybe , according to longtime capital watcher Norman Ornstein .
NORMAN ORNSTEIN , American ENTERPRISE INSTITUT
What the Democrats have done is to set out a number that will sounds like it 's going to be a rush of time , but what is actually a fairly long time to process and pass six narrowly-defined bills with no amendments .
Count a strict 100 hours from the drop of the gavel and you run out of time by Monday evening , but this is Washington , nothing here works like that .
The Democrats are launching their hundred-hour push on Tuesday and counting only the hours that Congress is in session .
Those hours have dwindled dramatically in recent years as politicians have abandoned the halls of Congress to spend more time raising money and campaigning for re-election , long-time politicians do n't like it .
Senator Lott and I used to joke that if we wanted everybody here or every important vote the only time we could actually schedule it was Wednesday afternoon .
FOREMAN ( on camera ) : This new congress is promising to get back to something more like a full workweek , but can they make that or anything else stick ?
