That 's what we wanted to ask former powerful chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee , Dan Rostenkowski .
He went to prison for stealing public money .
Now , he gets an estimated $ 126,000 a year federal pension .
Rostenkowski told us no comment on the phone and would n't answer his door .
Duke Cunningham and James Traficant did n't respond to our letters , maybe with good reason .
Over the course of their retirements , Rostenkowski is expected to make $ 2.9 million .
Cunningham may get $ 1.8 million .
And Traficant should hit the $ 1.2 million mark .
Because federal pensions are secret , all of the figures you 've seen in this report are estimates based on the Taxpayers Union 's calculations .
So who is responding to our report ?
You .
Our blog is filled with comments like : " What a scam .
And you wonder why we have such a deficit ? "
" This is un( OBSCENE WORD OMITTED ) believable . "
And : " I thought crime did n't pay .
It obviously pays for these felons . "
Despite several attempts in Congress to stop paying pensions of convicted lawmakers , or at least congressmen convicted of felonies , it has n't happened yet .
But that may be changing .
I think it 's essential that we deny a pension to any member of Congress convicted of a felony .
It 's the law of many states .
Congressman Mark Kirk is from Illinois , the state that just revoked the $ 200,000 a year pension of its former Governor , George Ryan , now convicted of extortion and bribery .
Ryan wo n't be getting any taxpayer funded pension and Kirk says neither should federal lawmakers convicted of crimes .
His bill last year did n't pass the House , nor did a similar bill back in 1996 .
But Kirk says in the new Congress the time may now be right .
Speaker Nancy Pelosi 's office says the speaker has supported the felony conviction clause for pensions before and said it would be considered by the relevant committees of jurisdiction in the 110th Congress .
Kirk , a Republican , says he looks forward to working with Pelosi , a Democrat , to clean a house they both agree needs cleaning .
And she should help pass this very simple , common sense regulation to kill the pension for members of Congress convicted of a felony .
We 're keeping them honest .
Stand by .
Drew Griffin , CNN, Atlanta .
Stormy South -- Louisiana hit by wintertime tornadoes and more menacing weather brewing today .
Forecast , in THE NEWSROOM.
And changes at the top -- military moves among the top brass in Iraq .
We will talk about it with our military analyst .
That 's next in THE NEWSROOM.
President Bush re-assigning the nation 's top spy after less than two years on the job .
The announcement live , 9:50 Eastern , right here in THE NEWSROOM.
We want to take you to the New York Stock Exchange now in New York City .
A pretty important day .
And the people ringing this -- sounding the bell to get the day started of some significance -- executive supporters and sponsors of the Washington , D.C. Martin Luther King , Jr. National Memorial , visiting the New York Stock Exchange to kick off the inaugural year of construction of the national memorial to Dr. King .
The Dow , as we look forward to the rest of the business day , the Dow , of course , gained 6 points at the close yesterday .
Big headlines from General Motors today that we will be following throughout the day , right here in the NEWSROOM , with our Susan Lisovicz .
