And now that Hillary Clinton has announced that she 's running for president , how do New Yorkers feel about it ?
She is their senator .
Reaction from her home state in a bit .
I 'm Elaine Quijano live at the White House .
CNN has learned that President Bush plans to unveil soon a proposal for a new tax deduction for health care .
What might that mean for you and what are critics saying about the idea ?
I 'll have details , coming up .
Thanks so much , Elaine .
Meanwhile , the first -- the confluence of crime fighting and YouTube ?
New York City says it will soon upgrade its 911 system so callers can send pictures from their cell phone cameras to police .
Here 's CNN Internet reporter Abbi Tatton .
Mayor Michael Bloomberg calls it a revolutionary innovation in crime fighting -- 911 meets YouTube .
Equipping 911 call centers to receive digital images and videos New Yorkers send from their cell phones and computers -- something no other city in the world is doing .
New York officials hope sending in images will quickly become standard practice .
Though this plan may be a first , police in many cities have been expanding their use of the Internet .
Last December in Hamilton , Ontario , a man was arrested after police investigating a murder posted surveillance video on YouTube .
A video recently posted online of a beating by school girls led to attempted assault charges .
And in New York City , police used photos of this subway flasher , posted on the Internet , to make an arrest .
But when it comes to reporting incidents as they happen , until now , it 's mainly been news organizations soliciting eyewitness images .
When Yankees ' pitcher Cory Lidle 's plane crashed into a Manhattan building last fall , New Yorkers instantly sent images from the crash site to CNN.
Now , New York City police are hoping to tap into the same technology to help 911 operators prioritize emergencies .
New York City officials do n't think the program will be too costly , as the technology is already in place .
New Yorkers should be able to start using the program in the next two years .
Abbi Tatton , CNN, Washington .
This is CNN breaking news .
It 's always tough news to report something like this .
We told you earlier about 13 soldiers , U.S. soldiers , that lost their lives when a helicopter went down .
Well , we just received more information .
This is about five more U.S. soldiers that have , sadly enough , lost their lives , as well .
The five U.S. soldiers were killed , three were wounded , while trying to repel an attack .
It happened at something called the PJCC.
That 's a provincial joint coordination center , in Karbala .
Now , what they were doing there is they were meeting , trying to figure out a way -- in fact , I 'll give you one of the quotes that 's coming from military officials .
They say a meeting was taking place at the time of the attack to ensure the security of Shiite pilgrims who are participating in one of the commemorations there .
It 's called the Ashura commemoration .
