Moshe Katsav accusing Channel 2 there as well during that news conference of for the last six months letting his blood , essentially .
Letting his blood .
He says they canceled his interview to do a Palestinian , Mohammed Dahlan , the head of Preventive Security .
And you saw this outburst , President Moshe Katsav , according to the attorney general , there 's enough evidence to charge him with rape in some cases .
He had half a dozen former employees , former staff members .
He says these staff members have nurtured grudges for years , it 's all timed , it 's a conspiracy against him .
But today he had to take the humbling move of really begging the Knesset , the Israeli lawmakers , to suspend him rather than having him just resign .
And he did n't sound humble there .
He sounded extremely angry , taking shots at the reporters in the room .
Let 's listen to some more of what happened earlier .
For six months , for the last six months - plus , my family , myself , my friends in Israel and abroad have been subject to a dreadful , venomous campaign and attack -- unprecedented attack with the most loathsome , mendacious information entering every single home in Israel and turning me , my dignity as a human being , as the president into someone whose rights have been trampled on .
Despite of this humiliation in the whole of the last six months , I have complied with the law and have refrained from presenting my version to you , citizens of Israel .
I 've refrained from reacting in order not to interfere with any investigation .
This is a law-abiding country and this is how I am acting , just as I always acted in my good days .
I did not get carried away .
I did not allow myself to become arrogant , even during these difficult days .
I have no intention of bowing my head and giving up on my dignity .
All right .
No intention of bowing his head , says Moshe Katsav , the 61 year-old .
He 's been urged to resign by some .
His seven-year term ends this summer .
But he 's saying that he 's going to stay put .
He 's symbolic really head of state ...
He 's symbolic .
But remember , he 's not the only one in this government that 's in serious trouble from the prime minister on down .
There is a long list of people that are involved in corruption scandals right now .
This government 's in serious crisis .
This is an embarrassment .
Let 's bring in Atika Shubert in Jerusalem for more reaction and background .
What are Israelis saying about this , Atika ?
Well , Israelis are now watching this live on television and I think without a doubt it 's safe to say that many people will be amazed at what they 're hearing the president say .
He has unleashed on the media , on his critics .
He got into a verbal shouting match with one of the press people there , saying that he should not be ashamed , that the television and the media should be ashamed .
He also urged Israelis not to believe the allegations against him , and it is a long list of allegations , everything from rape to sexual misconduct , as well as abuse of funds and obstruction of justice .
