African and U.S. intelligence officials have been coordinating closely for the last many days , apparently coordinating in the run-up to this AC-130 gunship strike against the Ras Kamboni terrorist camp deep in southern Somalia that was hit by the United States .
The U.S. has long wanted to get many of the suspects it believes have been hiding in Somalia , all of them affiliated with attacks in this region , at least three of them said to be affiliated with the 1998 U.S. embassy bombings in Tanzania and here in Kenya .
For the U.S. , however , officials say , while they may have dealt a blow to al Qaeda , no one is yet predicting the end of that terrorist network here in East Africa .
Barbara Starr , CNN, in Nairobi .
All right , Barbara .
Air strike invasion , counterassault .
A lot has happened in Somalia in the past few months .
The latest attack is the first reported U.S. military action there since 1993 's Black Hawk down battle , where 18 U.S. soldiers were killed .
The U.S. has been on the hunt for al Qaeda terrorists who fled Somalia 's capital , Mogadishu , late last month .
That 's when Ethiopian troops invaded Somalia and helped to force out Islamic militants .
Those militants had seized control of Mogadishu and much of the rest of southern Somalia back in June .
They 're accused of harboring key suspects in the 1998 bombings of U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania .
PHILLIP
Straight ahead , up in smoke .
One of California 's swankiest ZIP codes hit hard when the Santa Ana winds meet up with a spark .
A live report from Malibu next from the CNN NEWSROOM.
Hello , everyone , I 'm Kyra Phillips , live at the CNN world headquarters in Atlanta .
And I 'm Don Lemon .
A new gadget promises to reinvent how you get and stay in touch , and it fits right in your pocket .
We 're going to tell you all about it right here , live in the CNN NEWSROOM.
Well , as of today , they 're on the clock .
Those first 100 hours in which House Democrats plan to pass key legislation kicked off at 1:00 p.m. Eastern .
You 're looking at live pictures now from the floor of the U.S. House of Representatives .
You might notice our little count-up clock at the bottom right hand of your screen .
You can keep track of the Democrats first 100 hours right here on CNN.
Also , we 've been listening to Senator Ted Kennedy live at the National Press Club .
We 've been monitoring his speech , .
We talked about it with our Candy Crowley .
As he wraps up this speech , as you know , he 's been highly critical of the president 's Iraq policy .
This comes on the heels of the president 's big speech that we will be taking live as well here on CNN, talking about his new strategy in Iraq .
Now to the White House , where Mr. Bush is preparing to unveil that new Iraq strategy tomorrow night .
Elaine Quijano is there .
Hey , Elaine .
Good afternoon to you , Kyra .
Well , that 's right , White House Press Secretary Tony Snow actually before Senator Kennedy started delivering his speech was actually asked about the proposed legislation about the idea of having congressional approval before an increase of troops is actually finalized .
