Our health providers , doctors and hospitals , they have a responsibility to provide more affordable coverage , more affordable services .
And with the elimination of this hidden tax associated with the uninsured and underinsured , our medical providers will be better positioned to provide more affordable services .
Our health plans in California , under the governor 's plan , will be required to guarantee access to affordable coverage in the individual market .
And finally , employers have a responsibility .
The overwhelming majority of employers in California do provide health coverage .
The governor 's plan insures that all employers are contributing financially to the support of this program .
So , it 's a proposal that recognizes that universal coverage for all , affordable health care , will benefit all Californians and just as everyone will benefit , everyone has a responsibility to contribute .
Kim , can you address one of the -- maybe it looks like an Achilles heel for the plan , which is a fear that some companies that currently provide health care coverage for their employees , maybe they 're small , maybe they 're strapped , maybe it 's hard for them , they might decide not to because of this , let their employees go into the state-run plan and then the plan might get overwhelmed .
So first , what is the likelihood of that and how do you deal with that ?
The majority of California employers provide health benefits today .
And for those employers really nothing should change under this proposal , other than coverage should become more affordable and more available for employers and their employees .
At the same time , the governor believes it 's important that all employers contribute .
And so there is a modest fee on employers who choose not to participate in the program , in terms of providing coverage to their employees .
They 're asked to contribute a modest fee that will help finance coverage for the uninsured .
And we 've endeavored to structure it in a way to ensure that we 're not creating incentives for employers to drop coverage and shift their employees into the pool .
And we really want to make sure that we are leveling the playing field , if you will , between non-offering employers and offering employers .
The governor does n't think it 's fair to ask employers or the government to be subsidizing those employers who are walking away from this issue .
Kim , one sort of flash point on this whole plan is that it covers illegal immigrants as well .
And , you know , there are some people , critics , who say , why are we putting up money to cover people who are here illegally , and then how do you make sure that they 're going to participate in the program the way everybody should ?
You know , how do they enroll ?
How do they get involved ?
Can you explain that a little bit ?
It 's a very important issue .
Governor Schwarzenegger 's plan calls for all Californians to have this responsibility to obtain health insurance .
Under the governor 's plan all children will be eligible for our state 's S-Chip program , which we call Healthy Families , regardless of immigration status .
That has been a long standing commitment of the governor and he really believes that all the children should have access to affordable coverage .
