And weighing in on obesity .
What companies are doing to fight a costly epidemic .
You are watching AMERICAN MORNING , the most news in the morning is right here .
More troops , more money , President Bush laying out his plan to send more than 20,000 additional troops to Iraq .
Democratic leaders of Congress are already firing back .
From the front lines , we hear from troops who will be making the sacrifices .
Emotional reaction to the president 's plan .
And we 'll tell you why your employer might be taking an active interest in your health .
It 's all about the bottom line , yours and theirs , on this AMERICAN MORNING.
Good morning to you .
Thursday , January 11th .
I 'm Miles O'Brien .
And I 'm Soledad O'Brien .
Thanks for being with us .
Happening this morning : The White House planning a full-court press today to buttress the president 's speech .
At 8:45 Eastern , Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice , Defense Secretary Robert Gates and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Peter Pace will field questions from reporters .
We 'll have it for you here on AMERICAN MORNING live , of course .
Later , they 'll face more questions from lawmakers on Capitol Hill .
You will see that as well on CNN.
The race to succeed President Bush getting a little more crowded today .
Senator Chris Dodd has dropped his hat in the ring .
The Connecticut Democrat made the announcement this morning .
Will you hear from Dodd , himself , this afternoon on CNN 's " The Situation Room " with Wolf Blitzer .
And the results are in from Briny Breezes , Florida .
Drum roll , please .
Folks who live in that trailer park by the sea , have voted overwhelmingly to take the cash and run .
Developers offered them a half billion dollars for the land .
Residents will look for a new place to live with about a million bucks burning a hole in their pockets .
Inside the military , there 's lots of debate over the president 's plan to send 20,000 more troops into Iraq .
Whether that will work and whether that 's enough troops .
CNN 's Kathleen Koch is at the Pentagon for us this morning .
Good morning , Kathleen .
Good morning , Soledad .
Everyone here certainly knows this wo n't be easy .
One Pentagon source describing the mood saying it 's like taking a deep breath before you take that roller coaster ride .
But their job here is to follow orders , and that 's what they 're going to do .
The bottom line , 21,500 more U.S. troops will be serving in Iraq .
Five brigades will be sent to Baghdad with the first to arrive within a week .
These troop also work alongside Iraqi units , and be embedded in their formations .
Four-thousand Marines will be sent to Anbar province .
Some of the increases will be new deployments .
Other forces will see their tours of duty extended .
Iraqis forces are expected to up their force levels as well , three new Iraqi brigades , or just over 10,000 troops , are due to be deployed in Baghdad .
One in place by February 1st , the other two by the middle of the month .
There will also be a shift in responsibilities .
Iraqi will take the lead .
U.S. troops , under U.S. command , will support them .
In Baghdad specifically there will be an overall Iraqi commander with two deputies and a commander for each of the nine districts in the city .
A U.S. Army battalion of 400 to 600 troop also work closely with the Iraqi forces in each district .
The U.S. forces will live in the neighborhoods they help to protect , and no area will be off limits .
In other words , no safe havens for insurgents or those carrying out sectarian violence .
