And that 's the latest from Wall Street .
Coming up , electronics retailers could end up big winners in the week before the Super Bowl , but it might come at the expense of employers .
I 'll explain why in the next hour of the NEWSROOM.
You 're watching CNN, the most trusted name in news .
Hello , everyone , I 'm Kyra Phillips , live from the CNN headquarters in Atlanta .
And I 'm Don Lemon .
Trying to kick the habit ?
Well , new research says the solution might be in your head .
If so , it could be a stroke of genius .
You 're in the CNN NEWSROOM.
Air strike on the Taliban .
NATO says a precision guided weapon may have killed a senior Taliban leader and some of his deputies in southern Afghanistan .
It happened yesterday in Helmand province .
No other details were released .
We 'll follow it .
Billions more for America 's other war .
The Bush administration wants to cut a big check to Afghanistan , where U.S. forces toppled the Taliban more than five years ago .
Toppled , it turns out , is n't the same as eradicated .
To fill us in , our State Department correspondent , Zain Verjee -- Zain .
Hey , there , Kyra .
The U.S. wants to increase a substantial amount of aid to Afghanistan , really to give a boost to Afghan President Hamid Karzai .
He 's had a really difficult time controlling the country .
The money is also intended to counter a growing Taliban insurgency ahead of an anticipated spring offensive .
What that basically means is the snow melts and the Taliban come out of the mountains and they fight harder and they target NATO forces .
Let 's take a look at some of the numbers though Kyra that we 're talking about .
The State Department is going to ask Congress for $ 10.6 billion in new aid to Afghanistan .
This is how that breaks down , $ 8.6 billion basically to beef up security , things like training and equipping soldiers and police .
You 're talking $ 2 billion for reconstruction , so things like roads , powers , schools , clinics and other rural projects .
Now , all in all , in addition to this $ 10.6 billion request that 's going to be made , the U.S. has put $ 14 billion in Afghanistan since they toppled the Taliban back in 2001 .
So all of this is going on in a very important context .
Firstly you have the resurgence of the Taliban , you have increasingly fierce attacks on NATO troops .
Also , poppy cultivation is growing and it 's funding the Taliban insurgency .
And finally , you have this whole problematic issue of the differences between Pakistan and Afghanistan that are creating a problem in dealing with the Taliban .
So let 's talk more about the role of NATO troops .
Support for those NATO troops and then having to deal with that drug trafficking and obviously , the money that 's being made off the poppy seed .
Yes , the NATO troop issue is extremely important and that 's something Secretary Rice brought up in Brussels .
Basically , what 's going on is there 's a division within NATO about who has got to handle the burden , the fighting in Afghanistan .
You have a lot of countries in NATO and you only have four countries actually doing the dirty work , going to the south in Afghanistan and digging themselves in and fighting the Taliban and taking a lot of heavy casualties .
