We 're keeping an eye on the story right here in the CNN NEWSROOM.
They were killed in the crash or were shot to death .
Five Americans dead in Iraq , they were n't military , but they looked like it .
They did n't die in a military helicopter , but it looked like it .
They were civilians , privately trained security specialists that have been in Iraq since the first days of the war .
If you did n't know such people existed , do n't feel bad .
Their employer , Blackwater is nothing , if not camera shy .
CNN 's Nic Robertson got unusual access .
The company has never let a TV crew in like this before .
Blackwater Vice President Chris Taylor escorts us around .
He shows us police officers shooting on a practice range .
On mock ships , Blackwater trains sailors in force protection after the bombing of the USS Cole in 2000 .
Would-be private military contractors train to defeat insurgents .
What we 're on right now is the country 's largest tactical driving track .
2.6 miles custom built .
Training here matches daily realities in Baghdad .
We 're going to do a little slalom work here .
Again , imagine that you 're -- you 've been attacked and now you 're weaving in and out of traffic to get your principal off the X , to get to the safe zone .
Blackwater is the brain child of camera-shy , multimillionaire Eric Prince .
After 9/11 , business boomed .
They just built a brand-new headquarters .
See the gun barrels on the doors .
Yes .
A nice touch .
A little bit of the Blackwater motif .
Yes .
And here it is as well , Blackwater .
Wartime demands allowed them to expand .
They 're now the second largest employer in northeastern North Carolina .
8,000 square feet in the original building , 64,000 square feet here .
That 's a big expansion .
It 's a rather big expansion but it 's needed .
Certainly we 've left room for growth .
Growth because , Taylor believes Blackwater has a bright future .
There 's opportunities all over the world .
Where we think that we can make a very big impact immediately is in peacekeeping operations .
The protection of innocence in Darfur , Sudan , is just one of the global hot issues the company says it is ready to tackle .
It 's so committed to expansion in new markets , Blackwater hired 30 - year CIA veteran Cofer Black , who for years headed the U.S. hunt for Osama bin Laden .
COFER BLACK , VICE-CHAIRMAN , BLACKWATER US
My company could deploy a reasonably small force under the guidance and leadership of any established national authority and do a terrific job .
As vice chairman of Blackwater , he 's using his global contacts to search out new lucrative contracts .
And not just in the realm of peacekeeping .
The company is developing airships for surveillance in the aftermath of hurricane Katrina , heavily armed Blackwater protection teams were among the first on the scene .
If you notice the hull is in a v-shape .
And frustrated by the high U.S. troop death toll from roadside bombs , Blackwater has built a prototype for an armored alternative for the humvee .
The company says it can assemble hundreds of battle ready men , a small private army at a moment 's notice .
