Tonight , Oprah is opening up about opening her heat to schoolgirls in South Africa , and the $ 40 million academy she built for them just outside Johannesburg .
The school made worldwide headlines when it opened last week .
And tonight , SHOWBIZ TONIGHT takes you right there to South African and CNN` s Jeff Koinange , who spoke with Oprah about what the school means to her .
I feel like I got married and had 152 children all at the same time .
All right .
I got to ask you this : you visited - you personally insisted on visiting these kids` homes during the interview process .
Why did you do that ?
Because I wanted to not just hear about , but to feel what their environment was like , to have for myself the information that says where you`ve come from , and what is your story .
And what I learned by doing that is that their story is really also my story .
And - and these are the leaders of tomorrow ; these are the girls you want to home ( ph ) to be the leaders ?
Well , I - I have to tell you , some of my friends from the United States were here , and I had all the girls giving tours .
I had 24 girls giving tours .
They said , They`re already leaders .
They`re already leaders .
What is amazing about these girls is that in spite of their circumstances , all of them coming from poor homes , and some from more devastation - sexual abuse , physical abuse - all of them have a spark , a light .
Because that` s what I was looking for .
I was looking for the girls who - life has not already taken them down .
Because , you know , sometimes it just gets to be so hard , that it takes the light out of it .
So I was looking for girls for whom that had not yet happened .
And so every girl has a spark .
Every girl has that ( INAUDIBLE) .
They`re all very different .
You know , some are " strong A" personalities .
And what I realize is , You ca n` t have all A personalities in a classroom .
So some have a quite - quiet strength that - that says , I can .
That` s what I was looking for .
And so , yes , they will be the future leaders .
I have no doubts in my mind that for every girl that comes out of this school , amazing - in the truest sense of the word - amazing things will happen for them .
Our campus is founded on the principle of Mobutu .
It` s an African principle that says , " I am because we are . "
And so I`ve already said to these girls , This is n` t like any other place you`ve ever been , or any other community .
We compete with each other , because we all want to be successful .
We all want to be great .
We all want great grades .
But we compete for the common good .
So our competitive - competitiveness makes us stronger , so that we can together go out in the world and make a difference .
And so it` s founded on community service .
Every single girl here , as a part of her indoctrination , is going to be taught to give back .
