I 'm sorry .
When Jade Goody , the " Big Brother " contestant accused of racially harassing Indian contestant Shilpa Shetty , apologized to the Bollywood star Thursday , the reality TV train wreck over race appeared to be headed on a track towards reconciliation .
On Friday , the British public determines the resolution .
Following " Big Brother " programming format , the public gets to vote either Goody or Shetty off the program .
And Britain 's finance minister , who has been dogged by the controversy while traveling in India , would n't tell reporters who he would vote for .
A vote for Britain is a vote for tolerance and fairness .
Reportedly , neither of the " Big Brother " contestants have any idea of the international attention this year 's " Big Brother " has gotten .
Tens of thousands of voters are expected to call or text in , no surprise , given Britain 's broadcasting regulator has already logged a record number of complaints over the program .
Shut up .
... out and outlaw ...
Shut up .
No, I wo n't shut up .
You shut up .
Bollywood star Shetty has been a target of vicious tirades from Goody and other " Big Brother " contestants .
They have mocked her Indian accent , her name , and her country .
But the program 's producers say they have reviewed the arguments , and say they wo n't pull the plug on " Big Brother , " despite the show 's main sponsor pulling its support .
You can infer what you wish from the remarks made .
We have examined them very carefully .
And we cannot state , with absolute certainty , that the motivation behind the comments was racist .
It was n't .
If the public votes to oust Goody , the government of India is offering a consolation prize .
In an ad running in the British press , the Indian Tourism Office invites Goody to Shetty 's home country to -- quote -- "experience the healing nature of India . "
Now , because of the controversy , Channel 4 and the show 's producers are breaking with tradition .
They have decided not to allow members of the public to be outside the " Big Brother " house when whomever is evicted comes out of the home , they say , because of concerns for security .
And , so , Alphonso , what is the conventional wisdom ?
Who do folks think will be kicked out , evicted ?
Well , it depends on who you talk to .
Those who are supporting the Bollywood actress , there is a big , big , huge Asian community here .
Many of them will be hitting their text phones and phoning in , to be sure that the other person is evicted .
Now , at that same time , there are many people here that support Jade .
A lot of people , they may not agree with what she is saying , but they are saying she is one of their own .
She is a British national .
They want to see a British person win this show .
And many of those folks will be going to their phones , texting in , messaging in , to be sure that ...
Oh , my gosh .
.... the Bollywood actress , Ms. Shetty , is actually evicted .
I mean , everybody is talking about ...
Everybody is talking about it .
You go to the watercooler , you go down the street , you go to McDonald 's , everybody is talking about this .
The -- it 's high drama for television and what many people think is just kind of ordinary TV , or even , you know , navel-gazing television .
