The only thing that saved Cuomo 's life and that of his two ABC crewmembers was the armored plating on their Humvee .
That , and the American soldiers who got him to safety after a group of insurgents opened small arms fire .
The close call came one year after ABC anchor Bob Woodruff was badly injured by a roadside bomb in Iraq .
" I 'm trying to deal with it like a soldier , " Cuomo told me .
" Just do my job . "
A former " New York Post " gossip columnist is off the legal hook .
Jared Paul Stern , who wrote for the tabloid 's " Page Six , " learned this week that he will not be charged for his aggressive dealings with a California billionaire .
Supermarket mogul Ron Burkle secretly taped Stern last year asking for a $ 100,000 payment and a $ 10,000 monthly stipend in exchange for keeping unfavorable mentions of Burkle out of " The Post . "
Stern says he wanted Burkle , who , by the way , is now trying to buy the " L.A. Times , " to invest in a clothing line , but does not deny he offered P.R. advice as well .
The whole thing stunk , but federal prosecutors do n't see a criminal case .
Finally , there 's a whiff of something strange here , but " The Wall Street Journal " is planning some scratch-and-sniff ads .
According to Advertising Age , you use your finger and get the aroma of perfume or chocolate .
Smell funny to you ? Anything for a buck these days .
Ahead in the second half hour of RELIABLE SOURCES , Dick Cheney takes offense at Wolf Blitzer 's question about his gay daughter 's pregnancy .
Is Mary Cheney 's personal life fair game in a vice presidential interview ?
And ABC 's " Grey " problem .
Is the network responsible for a cast member 's anti-gay slurs ?
KURTZ.
Welcome back .
Let 's get right to it .
Joining us now to talk about several television controversies , David Zurawik , television critic for " The Baltimore Sun , " and David Folkenflik , media correspondent for National Public Radio .
You 've probably seen the video by now , Vice President Cheney and Wolf Blitzer in " THE SITUATION ROOM" this week , a contentious interview and some particularly awkward moments prompted by this question ...
Your daughter Mary , she 's pregnant .
All of us are happy .
She 's going to have a baby .
You 're going to have another grandchild .
Some of the -- some critics , though , are suggesting -- for example , a statement from someone representing Focus on the Family , " Mary Cheney 's pregnancy raises the question of what 's best for children .
Just because it 's possible to conceive a child outside of the relationship of a married mother and father does n't mean it 's best for the child . "
Do you want to respond to that ?
No, I do n't .
She 's obviously a good daughter .
I 've interviewed her .
I 'm delighted -- I 'm delighted I 'm about to have a sixth grandchild , Wolf , and obviously I think the world of both my daughters and all of my grandchildren .
And I think , frankly , you 're out of line with that question .
David Zurich , was Wolf Blitzer out of bounds ?
DAVID ZURAWIK , "BALTIMORE SUN" : I do n't think he was .
You know , and the thing that I was reminded as soon as I heard this was , back in October , just on the eve of the midterm elections , when Lynne Cheney did the same thing essentially with Wolf Blitzer -- and it was a very contentious thing -- you know , I think this is a political strategy .
If you heard that exchange and then saw the blogs the next day , right - wing blogs saw the same pattern this time .
