Well , my neighbor was standing in her garden and all of a sudden something fell from the sky and she went looking .
She sees something lying in the bushes .
It turns out it 's the woman whose parachute did n't open .
She started screaming .
Authorities say they turned their attention on the suspect after she attempted suicide just before she was scheduled to make a statement to police .
The case continues on February 16th .
That 's right .
Now , whether the police investigation leads to charges or even an eventual conviction , the true tragedy here is that somebody died a very tragic , very scary and very frightening death -- Don .
So , Alphonso , real quick , no charges for the woman or the other person , the man , right ?
No charges filed yet ?
Well , at this point we know that the case will continue on February 16th .
What will be probably be key to this case is this video , the video of -- the actual victim herself had a camera on her as she was falling to the earth .
Police are taking a look at that video .
It has n't been made available to the public or to reporters at this point .
But that will probably be key in determining just the process she went through , again , before she hit the ground at over 200 kilometers , over 120 miles per hour .
Alphonso , I think they said they were ruling out suicide , because it looks like the woman was in distress when she was trying to open her parachute , and if she were going to commit suicide , she would not have been in distress that way , so that video will be a key in determining that .
Alphonso Van Marsh in London .
Thank you so much .
Well , a military curfew is in effect in the volatile capitol of Lebanon .
Earlier today what started as a fight among students turned into a series of deadly attacks spreading beyond Beirut University .
Sunnis and Shiites battled for hours -- you 're looking at some of it now -- leaving several people dead and dozens wounded , also prompting pleas for calm from across the political spectrum .
On Tuesday Iran-backed Hezbollah led a general strike against the Sunni-led Lebanese government supported by Washington .
Today , though , the group 's leader called for an end to the confrontation .
Well , friends of Lebanon passed the hat today in Paris .
French President Jacques Chirac hosted a donor 's meeting that brought in $ 7.6 billion in pledges , more than expected .
Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice told the conference told the conference Lebanon 's too important to lose .
The future of Lebanon is important not only to the people of Lebanon , but also to the future of a troubled region because , Mr. Prime Minister , we know that the people of Lebanon want a Lebanon that is peaceful , unified , that respects Lebanon 's great cultural and religious diversity and that shows that people who are different do not take that difference as a license to kill , but rather as a license to live together in peace , in honor and prosperity .
That is a message that is important not just for Lebanon , but for the region .
