Well , you definitely want to be thinking about pipes when it 's very , very cold out .
One thing you do , turn on the hot and cold faucets just a little bit so that water is constantly dripping .
This keeps water moving and protects your pipes .
You can also improve the circulation of heated air near your pipes by opening kitchen cabinet doors beneath your kitchen sink .
OK .
So rock salt , not always the greatest idea .
I mean if you live in an area that freezes all the time , you might be able to do better .
The devil 's in the details here .
If you live in colder areas prone to ice and heavy snowfall , you need the strong de-icer , calcium chloride .
But if you live in a moderate climate , you 're better off just stocking up on rock salt .
Whatever you do , though , do n't over salt .
Both rock salt and calcium chloride can be corrosive to concrete that has n't been mixed or finished properly .
And to get the best results from these de-icers , you 'll want to put it on the ground before the first flakes start to form .
And being a Minnesota girl a long , long time ago -- I 'm very wimpy now but you 've got to have things in your car .
Because if you 're going to go out and about , we 've seen some video where people probably should n't have been driving , you want to be prepared inside .
And you can also winterize your car , right ?
You bet .
Right .
So as we 've all seen , driving in the winter can take a serious toll on your car .
A number one , check the tire pressure because lower temperatures cause a drop in the air pressure and that means you 'll have less grip on the road .
More dangerous .
You should check the battery , too .
Very cold temperatures can cut a car 's battery power by up to 50 percent .
And , of course , you 'll want to stock up on supplies you keep in the car .
And I 'm talking here sand , kitty litter in case you get into a scrape and you 're having a hard time moving your car , it can help .
Yes , Hershey bars and chocolate too .
Hershey bars ?
Yes , Hershey bars and . . .
Does it take a lot of Hershey bars ?
Well , it depends .
It depends on how long you 're going to be out and how hungry you are .
This gives me an excuse to carry Hershey bars .
Yes , exactly .
There you go .
There you go .
This is my point .
All right .
We also have " Open House " coming up this weekend .
We want to hear what it 's going to be about .
9:30 a.m.
Saturday morning , join us .
We will take a closer look at the extreme weather .
We even have a month long forecast for you .
Conserving energy in your home by timing your activities .
And we will also bring you the latest on mortgage fraud .
OK .
We 'll be watching all of that good information , as usual , on " Open House . "
Gerri Willis , personal finance editor .
Thank you .
