The State of our Union is strong .
Our cause in the world is right .
And tonight that cause goes on .
God bless .
He seemed kind of humbled tonight , not as forceful in the way that he made his ideas and his viewpoints across .
And I think -he 's finally getting the message that the two parties need to work together in order to get anything solved .
Cautious calm in Beruit .
The Lebanese Capitol cleaning up one day after Hezbollah led protesters burned tires , cars and clash we 'd government supporters .
Three people were killed in the chaos .
It was the worst violence yet in Hezbollah 's campaign to topple Lebanon 's U.S.-backed government .
The attacks show how quickly tensions between Sunnis , Shiites and Christians there can explode .
Meanwhile , Lebanon 's embattled prime minister was now in France for an international donor 's conference .
He 's hoping to raise billions of dollars in aid to rebuild after last summer 's battles between Israel and Hezbollah .
Free at last , a Georgia man wrongly convicted in a rape case is released .
The moment they told me , well we found your DNA , it was like , oh , my God , you know , I 'm going home .
His 22-year ordeal ahead in the NEWSROOM.
And look at this , it 's not a horror movie prop .
This thing is real .
Pretty neat .
Looks like one of those computer- generated images , one of those CGI effects .
Mystery from the deep .
We show it all here in the NEWSROOM.
I want get back to the story we just mentioned regarding the Duke rape case .
The Durham County district attorney Michael Nifong , former prosecutor in this case , going to be some more charges here .
And this is the case -- CNN has confirmed that the North Carolina State Bar has added additional ethics charges now to these complaints filed against him .
This was in regard to , if you remember , sexual assault charges against three Duke lacrosse players .
These new charges are accusing him of withholding DNA and making misleading statements to the court .
Again , CNN confirming this information .
These charge just made public today .
Very shortly before Nifong was scheduled to appear at a conference to discuss the details of ethics case .
And possibly , this could lead , these additional charges could lead to Nifong 's removal from the bar .
So we will continue to follow it for you .
We 'll bring you anything new if we hear it .
And take a look at these pictures .
Pretty dramatic from what I 'm told .
Oh , from the short time ago , new video in to CNN out of Long Beach , California .
A horrible accident there .
A jackknifed big rig collided with a passenger car on the Long Beach Freeway this morning .
Lighting up as you can see for a while there .
Earlier pictures had the rig on fire .
All lanes southbound had been shut down .
No injuries reported , if you can believe that .
But here 's the thing , the truck driver was missing at the scene .
We will continue to follow developments on this story and let you know when the traffic starts to move for our friends in Southern California .
