That 's right , Don , and we heard about layoffs very recently from the same company .
This is a bitter pill to swallow for Pfizer workers , especially on a day when the company is reporting better than expected profits .
The company says it plans to slash about 10,000 jobs or 10 percent of its global work force .
That includes the elimination of more than 2,000 U.S. sales positions that Pfizer disclosed two month ago .
The announcement made by Pfizer 's CEO , Jeffrey Kindler , about an hour ago comes as part of a broad restructuring , which includes the closure of two plants and three research sites .
Three of those plants in Michigan .
One is in Brooklyn , New York , and one is in Omaha , Nebraska .
Pfizer 's goal : to save up to $ 2 billion a year by the end of '08 .
Saving money is something Pfizer needs to do .
It 's been struggling with the loss of patents on key drugs , including its blockbuster anti- depressant , Zoloft .
Zoloft sales plunged nearly 80 percent in the fourth quarter , causing Pfizer 's overall quarterly revenue to come in flat .
And something we talked about late last year , Don , is that its most hopeful drug was pulled very late in the experiment -- in late trials because of some very serious injuries and health problems associated with it .
Wow .
And they 're also in the news for another reason today , as well .
Legal reason .
That 's right .
Something we talked about this morning , because there was a press conference this morning by a major AIDS treatment group which is suing Pfizer over the way the company markets its blockbuster impotence pill , Viagra .
The AIDS Health Care Foundation says Pfizer irresponsibly and illegally promotes the recreational use of the little purple pill .
The group says that practice has led to risky behavior by men and an increase in HIV and other sexually transmitted diseases .
Basically says it 's become sort of a party drug .
Pfizer sees it very differently .
It denies the group 's claim and says it 's , quote , " committed to the safe and appropriate use of Viagra , " end quote .
And it encourages men to see a doctor for proper diagnosis .
That is threat latest from Wall Street .
Coming up , drivers got some relief at the pumps this month .
I 'll tell you if that trend is likely to continue .
Oh , my ears perked up with that one .
And you keep abreast of everything .
You notice how all of these political candidates are going online to make their announcements .
Pretty interesting .
The question is , Susan , will the mouse roar in '08 ?
Some presidential candidates see the Internet as their ticket to the White House .
We 're spinning a political web next in the NEWSROOM.
Hello , everyone .
I 'm Don Lemon , live at the CNN world headquarters in Atlanta .
And I 'm Betty Nguyen , in for Kyra Philips today .
A bunch of new Internet launches that have nothing to with the tech industry and everything to do with presidential politics .
We 're going to talk about cyber campaigns and whether they 'll click with voters .
