I look forward to it .
Thanks very much .
And coming up , the delicate balance between free speech and terror concerns .
We 'll talk about it with our own Christiane Amanpour .
She has a new CNN special investigation that you 're going to want to see .
Christiane from London , coming up .
Also , coming up in our 7:00 p.m. Eastern hour , how race could impact Senator Barack Obama as he decides whether to run for president .
Stay with us .
You 're in THE SITUATION ROOM.
To our viewers , you 're in THE SITUATION ROOM , where new pictures and information are arriving all the time .
Happening now , the Pentagon releasing details of new rules for trying terror detainees .
Officials say it includes the presumption of innocence and the right of appeal , but it also allows controversial hearsay evidence and coerced testimony .
Also , House Democrats on the verge of going six for six .
Lawmakers are nearing a vote on a bill that would recoup billions of dollars in fees , taxes and royalties from the oil companies .
The final item in the House Democrats ' agenda for their first 100 legislative hours .
And " Consumer Reports " now withdrawing a warning about infant car seats that left parents frightened and manufacturers outraged .
The magazine had reported that most rear-facing seats failed disastrously in crash tests at 38 miles an hour .
It turns out those tests represented crashes at 70 miles an hour .
A huge difference .
" Consumer Reports " says it will retest the car seats .
I 'm Wolf Blitzer .
You 're in THE SITUATION ROOM.
A growing number of Republican rebels are breaking ranks with the president over the planned troop buildup in Iraq .
But Senator John Kyl of Arizona is one Republican who remains firmly behind the president .
Senator Kyl is joining us now from Capitol Hill .
Is that true what I just said , Senator , you stand firmly behind the president ?
Yes , I do , Wolf .
I think everybody said that the president needed to announce a new strategy .
He 's done that .
It seems to me we ought to give it a chance to work .
Senator Sam Brownback , not necessarily a flame thrower or a rebel , the Republican senator from Kansas , says something very different .
Listen to this .
At the present time , the United States seems to care more about a peaceful Iraq than Iraqis do .
If that is the case , it is difficult to understand why more U.S. troops would make a difference .
What do you say to your friend and colleague from Kansas ?
I would ask him to give the president 's strategy a chance to succeed .
I have n't -- and with all due respect to Sam Brownback , who 's a great friend of mine and a good man , none of the president 's critics have proposed an alternative that would work .
They have a lot of different ideas about how to leave , to leave in six months , to start now and phase it in , to leave within a year .
A lot of different plans to leave .
No other plan to win .
And I would suggest that if they really be that we ca n't win , or that we 've already lost , the we ought to be getting out today .
