So is it important to probe and get that information out , or do you just need to take your time with it and let him talk about it when he 's ready ?
Well , Ed Smart is probably the best psychologist on this , the daughter ( sic ) of Elizabeth Smart , and I agree with him 100 percent .
You let things evolve .
You do n't push .
You let him slowly open up and tell when he needs -- when he needs to talk about the things he needs to talk about .
But the problem is , law enforcement is going to need him to get through the story fairly quickly .
And that 's always the conflict between the needs of the police and law enforcement and psychological recommendations .
That 's a balance that needs to be made there .
But the good news today , Doctor , obviously , is that both Shawn and Ben are alive and well .
And we appreciate your insight .
Thank you .
Thank you , Betty .
We do want to tell you now what 's going to be coming up here at CNN throughout the day , really .
We are expecting at the top of the hour , at about 45 minutes , I guess now , 11:00 a.m.
Eastern Time , we are expecting a press conference from the sheriff 's officials there , the sheriff 's department there in Franklin County .
They are going to talk about this case and about the suspect , hopefully .
We are hoping to learn more .
Michael Devlin is the same , a 41-year-old man that we understand did not have a criminal history .
Expecting to hear from the sheriff 's department , maybe get more information on that suspect and really everything surrounding finding these two boys .
Also , need to let you know that at 12:30 Eastern Time , we 're going to show you this press conference that we just -- you ca n't get away from -- the parents .
It is definitely worth seeing again .
And what an emotional press conference .
Four years .
And just to hear from the family .
And they said they did it because they wanted to give hope to others out there who are waiting for their children to come back home .
But yes , going to have that replay for you of that news conference in its entirety coming up at 12:30 Eastern Time .
You 'll certainly want to stick around and see that if you did miss it .
Or if you did see it , it 's worth seeing again .
It is .
Four years , they say it finally paid off , paid off in a big way for them today .
Stay here with CNN.
We 've got much more coverage to come on this major breaking story today .
All right .
Here it is , our other big story of the day .
The entire state of Oklahoma under a state of emergency this morning .
The reason ?
Well , you see it right there , a major ice storm that is moving across the nation 's midsection .
Oklahoma 's governor has already issued emergency declarations for all of the state 's 77 counties .
At least four deaths are blamed on the storm .
All four the result of traffic accidents on icy roads .
