But U.S. officials have been careful to say that they do n't know that 's the case .
They have not been able to confirm that yet .
And , so , they are not saying .
And , of course , they 're looking for more than just those three people .
They believe that there are many al Qaeda operatives , including some fairly high-level , including the ones you mentioned .
All right , Jamie McIntyre at the Pentagon with new information -- thank you , Jamie .
Minimum wage , maximum arguing -- as Democrats vow to push through an increase , Republicans gripe that they 're being shut out of amendments .
We 're expecting a vote this hour -- live coverage in the CNN NEWSROOM.
When is this story going to end ?
One more view ...
... oh , no -- of a battle royal , the latest on Rosie , Donald and Barbara .
Man , " The View " 's ratings should be really up after all this publicity .
Hope they are .
We hope they are .
Plus , we got a new dressing-down from one of the guys who tells us about the worst and best dressed .
Hey , how you doing , A.J. ?
I 'm all right , Don .
And it has seemed like the public feud that was never going to go away .
But I 'm hopeful .
This could , in fact , be the final chapter in the saga of Rosie O'Donnell , Barbara Walters , and Donald Trump .
ROSIE O'DONNELL , CO-HOS
Well , he 's at it again .
( LAUGHTER )
How about that , Barbara ?
You OK , Barbara ?
BARBARA WALTERS , CO-HOS
I 'm OK , darling .
You OK ?
I 'm OK , too .
We 're both OK ?
OK .
You know ...
OK .
What can you say about that guy ?
That poor , pathetic man .
Yes !
Yes , that 's Barbara and Rosie on " The View " this morning responding to an open letter to Rosie released by Trump yesterday .
In that letter , Trump detailed , one more time , his allegations that Barbara Walters does n't like Rosie , does n't want her on " The View . "
Well , this show of unity this morning also comes after reports of a rift between the two " View " co-hosts over how Barbara has responded to Trump in the past .
Both Barbara and Rosie said that they are moving on .
Hopefully , this time , they mean it .
But , Trump , of course , has already responded to today 's show with a statement , calling Walters a liar , and saying , " Barbara has become a figurehead dominated by a third-rate comedian . "
However , Don , I believe their conviction this morning , when they said , " We 're moving on , " I believe , by that , they actually did mean it .
Oh , well , we will see .
Oh , I 'm getting an e-mail from Donald Trump here and Barbara .
" Thanks for the publicity , " they said .
Yes .
LEMO
Yes .
Yes .
Yes , right .
All right , well , let 's move on from this .
Please , let us move on .
If they are going to move on , we will move on .
I hear Mr. Blackwell has come up with his list of the worst and best dressed ?
Yes .
This is the 47th year in a row this guy is doing it .
Of course , he was the '60s fashion designer known as Mr. Blackwell .
And he has snarkily told us throughout the years which celebrities are poorly dressed .
