Happening now , a rare one-on-one interview with the vice president .
We 'll have more of this exclusive interview with Dick Cheney .
That 's coming up .
I asked him some hard questions , questions you want answered , including whether or not he thinks Hillary Clinton would make a good president .
Also , a fierce fight in the streets of Baghdad .
Iraqi and U.S. troops battled militants along the capital 's dangerous Haifa Street .
An Iraqi Defense Ministry official saying at least 30 insurgents are dead and that the situation has been calmed down .
And as Iraq explodes with violence , the U.S. Congress brims with debate over the war .
Today , a Senate committee approved a non-binding resolution opposing more U.S. troops being sent to Iraq , saying it 's not in the national interests of the United States .
The vote in the Foreign Relations Committee , 12-9.
I 'm Wolf Blitzer .
You 're in THE SITUATION ROOM.
Let 's get more of my exclusive interview now with the vice president .
It 's not often that Dick Cheney grants interviews , so today it was clear , at least to me , he was eager to address some strongly felt issues , issues he feels very strongly about .
The whole notion of your long-time aide , Scooter -- Lewis " Scooter " Libby -- he 's in the papers , his lawyer now , suggesting on opening day of the trial that he was basically set up by people in the White House to protect Karl Rove , the president 's political aide .
What do you -- what do you make of that ?
Now , Wolf , you knew when we set up the interview -- you can ask all the questions you want .
I 'm going to be a witness in that trial within a matter of weeks .
I 'm not going to discuss it .
I have n't discussed it with anybody in the press yet , I 'm not going to discuss it with you today .
Are you -- but you -- you 're very close friends .
Wolf , you got my answer .
You got my answer .
Have you contributed to his legal defense fund ?
I 'm a strong friend and supporter of Scooter 's .
I have not contributed to his legal defense fund .
I think he is an extraordinarily talented and capable individual .
Let 's talk about illegal immigration right now , because a lot of your conservative Republican base , they 're upset at the president and at you for supporting a pathway to citizenship for millions of illegal immigrants right now .
What do you say to them , who are worried that you 're going to team up with a lot of Democrats and moderate Republicans and pass this legislation ?
Well , we think we need immigration legislation passed .
And it would be irresponsible for us not to try to deal with that problem .
It 's a serious problem .
It 's very important from the standpoint of the millions of illegals who are already here , from those segments of our economy that depend upon them .
But it 's also important that we have secure borders and that we have control over our borders .
And we 've done a lot already to move in that direction .
We 've doubled or tripled the size of the Border Patrol force in the budget .
We 've got border security measures adopted in the last Congress .
