And I 'm Alina Cho , in for Soledad this morning .
Thanks for joining us .
Happening this morning , a rocket-propelled grenade fired at the U.S. Embassy in Athens .
U.S. and Greek investigators treating it as a possible terror attack .
No one was hurt .
The shell hit the third floor near the ambassador 's office and did n't cause too much damage .
The ambassador says it 's still a very serious attack .
Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice leaving today for the Middle East and Europe .
Israel , Egypt , Saudi Arabia and Britain just a few of the stops she 'll make trying to build support for President Bush 's new Iraq war plan .
Defense Secretary Robert Gates will also be selling the president 's plan today .
It 's day two for Gates and the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , General Peter Pace , on Capitol Hill , answering questions today from the Senate Armed Services Committee .
Lawmakers were critical of the new strategy , to say the least , in Thursday 's session .
Later today , three leading senators will introduce a new bill on global warming .
The measure from senators John McCain , Barack Obama and Joe Lieberman will demand mandatory caps on greenhouse emissions for power plants , industry and oil refineries .
Winter weather is making news again .
Storm warnings , freezing rain , wind chills , flooding , and a new warning this morning about a massive ice storm brewing .
CNN 's Rob Marciano is in Steamboat Springs , Colorado , for us , and severe weather expert Chad Myers at the CNN weather center in Atlanta .
In Colorado , bitter cold and the fourth snowstorm in a month .
Let 's begin with Rob .
Rob , good morning .
Good morning , Alina .
Yet another snowstorm , as you mentioned .
They 're just lining up here across the Colorado Rockies , and the snow is falling here in the high country .
Still some three and four feet of snow across the high plateau in southeastern Colorado , where we told you that some are still without power .
And the ranchers down there still just hurting badly .
Five thousand head of cattle now confirmed dead .
They 're even having a problem with removing some of the carcasses .
And some government officials are saying now with this latest storm coming down , another 5,000 , potentially 10,000 head of cattle , could be lost .
And that would be a total of $ 10 million lost to that very important industry down to the South .
So not so much a blizzard expected for those folks , but Chad will tell you it 's more of a snow and ice , and a very cold storm coming in for that part of the state .
Up in the road in the Mile High City , in Denver right now , the temperature is one degree .
Likely not going to get much above that .
They will see some snow , maybe three to six inches , mixed in with some freezing rain .
In the high country here , six to 12 inches of snow expected , and then 12 inches or more expected in parts of the San Juan Mountains with this storm as it continues to drop snow here in the high country .
And with that snow , Alina , there will be a threat for avalanche , especially on the western slopes in the -- in the wind-blown areas as snow begins to load at the higher peeks .
