All right , Gerri Willis , good to see you .
Thank you .
Live in the CNN NEWSROOM , Tony Harris and Heidi Collins .
Among our top stories this morning , slipping an sliding from coast to coast , really .
Ice , snow , freezing rain and bitter cold making for another miserable day across a big part of the country .
Wow .
That 's a lot of snow .
Not much comfort in Comfort , Texas .
That town and many others in the lone star state paralyzed by a blast of ice and snow .
A 300-mile stretch of Interstate 10 shut down after snow started falling over a layer of ice .
And more misery in the Midwest .
Nearly a foot of snow has fallen so far on parts of Indiana .
And to New Hampshire .
A struggle just to stay warm .
Thousands of homes and businesses still without power after Monday 's ice storm there .
A slippery mess .
Ice and snow causing a lot of problems in Portland , Oregon .
Schools shut down and a rash of car crashes .
KATU 's Brian Barker reports .
In Tiger ( ph ) , this may be the only reliable way to navigate the roads .
Nearby a cash smashes through a fence .
On Shoals Ferry ( ph ) , some car just spin their wheels .
And everywhere you look , cars and trucks are stopped and traffic is snarled .
I was coming this way on Walnut and this SUV, that one right there , was coming down 135th sideways , so I stopped in time .
Wherever there is even the slightest of hills , cars careen out of control .
This SUV ( INAUDIBLE ) bounces back and forth in a slow-motion , out-of-control slide .
Boulevard .
All of these cars are stacked up here along the shoulder , because they ca n't make it up the off-ramp .
This is too steep for them .
This is hardly any hill at all .
Can't go up the hill , at all .
Have you seen a plow come through here ?
Nope .
Reporter : Not one plow ?
UNIDENTIFIED MAL
No.
And you 've been sitting here two hours ?
Two-and-a-half hours .
Olivia Helmet ( ph ) sat stuck on this off ramp for four hours .
It 's 12:20 .
You 've been here since 7:00 in the morning ?
yes .
You morons !
Stay home .
Driving anywhere is treacherous .
Folks should stay home and stay off the road .
And even as snowplows bat to clear the roads , the city worries about the next 24 hours .
Our concern is that about the time it gets dark , it 's going to get really icy .
And I really think that the mayor is making the right call in terms of sending people home .
As snow on the roads melts in places , it 's already beginning to freeze again , and the sliding has never stopped .
We 've been telling you about the school bus accident in Grant County , Kentucky this morning .
Want to get an update on the rail there .
Nancy Howe is on the line with us from Grant County schools .
Nancy , good morning to you .
Good morning .
Nancy , thanks for your time .
What can you tell us about this accident ?
Just to confirm that , yes , we did have an accident this morning .
It was a bus that was transporting 17 students from Pritna ( ph ) Mount Zion Elementary to the Grant County Middle School .
All 17 students were Grant County middle school students .
We did take everyone to our local hospital , which is St . Elizabeth Hospital , Grant County , where they were checked out , and we had three students that moved on to larger hospitals .
HARRI
