Exactly .
Well , this is -- this is a great point .
I mean , Kennedy , of course , we were going to make a big fuss over because he 's assassinated while he 's president of the United States .
So that , of course , we were going to -- we were going to have a big event there .
But we did n't begin having major events of these funerals until Eisenhower died .
That was the first modern funeral where the country stopped , looked , listened , where you had the president going to the Rotunda , then to the National Cathedral .
Back to the National Cathedral , twice , even , service there , another service in Abilene .
This was a major event .
President Nixon gave an oration , a eulogy on behalf of Eisenhower .
And then after Eisenhower , almost all the presidents who have passed away have been given this royal treatment .
All of them except for Harry Truman .
Harry Truman had planned to have a five-day national funeral .
He was going to have a big event .
In fact , he used to tell his friends in advance of his death , he 'd say , " Well , my only regret is I 'm not going to be there to witness this thing .
It 's going to be grand .
It 's going to be fantastic .
It 's going to be a five-day festival remembering Harry Truman . "
Well , after he died , Bess decided that she wanted to simplify things .
So instead , they may do simply with one service at the Truman Library .
That was it .
Yes .
You know , we 've been -- lots of dignitaries we 've seen , you know , the Clintons , we 've seen the Carters , and a lot of very famous political figures .
But probably the most moving moment and the most pictures have been pictures of the family , and especially Betty Ford and the children .
The children , of course , very saddened by this .
But we 're also getting glimpses of the grandchildren .
This is all -- his children -- remember this -- they were almost adults , or at least teenagers when he was in the White House .
But for his grandkids , this is something quite new for them .
Sure .
This is a new experience for them .
I 'm suspecting that today we 'll see a little bit more of the family , perhaps they 'll be talking to us .
And that 's common at these modern funerals now .
If you remember back to the Reagan funeral , we had the president 's family talking .
Ron Reagan Jr. was talking at this point in the proceedings .
This is more of a small , intimate service .
And we 'll probably feel the family 's pain a little bit more than I think we have over the last six days .
And Richard , you know what ?
The former first lady deciding that she wanted this time for quiet contemplation , which we can all understand , and that she will join later for the funeral services .
Let 's talk about her legacy , because she was -- you know , words that have described her that I 've been reading , " trendsetter , " " trailblazer , " "role model , " starting the Betty Ford Clinic , talking about women 's rights and equal rights , dealing with breast cancer .
