They asked him to drop it .
He refused .
And they tasered him .
Really ?
He 's now charged with felony , aggravated assault with a deadly weapon .
All right .
Moving on to Long Island , New York , now .
A 14-year-old boy who is hearing impaired is barred from taking his assistance dog to school .
His parents have been fighting the issue for more than a year .
School officials say the boy does n't need the dog to attend classes .
The state is looking into whether the school is violating his rights .
And just in case you were wondering , the 2006 word of year -- Plutoed .
Yes , that is according to the American Dialect Society .
This year , some big-time astronomers decided Pluto is no longer a planet .
So now if something loses its value , it 's Plutoed out of there .
You 're so Plutoed .
Well , we want to know what your pick for the word of year would be .
Would it be Plutoed ?
Or do you have something better ?
But just a note to the wise , keep it clean .
Would you ?
This is a family show .
E-mail us those words at weekends@cnn.com .
A family show .
Did you see the video of the barber shop ?
Yes , but ...
OK .
... it 's not X-rated .
I do need a haircut though .
Stop it .
OK .
Well , if you are in one of the few places with snow this winter , you 've got a great workout just outside your door .
Carol Costello shows us in today 's " Bod Squad . "
Snowshoeing , anybody can do it and it 's a lot of fun .
Are you having fun , Amy ?
I 'm having a great time .
Snowshoeing is a total body workout , and it 's ideal for people who love to be outdoors .
And anybody can do it , including Amy Smith , who is six months pregnant .
It looks like a lot of fun , especially since I ca n't ski right now .
So it looks like a good way to get some low-impact exercise .
Today , snowshoes are designed to be lighter and more comfortable .
Most people can burn a minimum of 600 calories per hour .
It 's easy to increase the intensity of your workout just by hiking up a hill .
You 're working your upper body , your lower body .
Your working your buns , you 're working your hamstrings , you 're working your calves .
And Joel 's ( ph ) best beginner tip , keep your feet pointed straight ahead and stand tall with good posture .
If you have knee problems or ski injuries , snowshoeing is a good low-impact workout .
But perhaps the best reason to go snowshoeing is the fun factor .
Yeah !
All right !
Carol Costello , CNN, New York .
Well , he has been deployed overseas six times and received three Bronze Stars .
Check him out .
And now Sergeant 1st Class Michael Fouse is getting thanked on a national stage this weekend .
You can smile , Sergeant .
Hey , there he is .
We 're going to talk to him next .
Also , still ahead , why your bathroom medicine cabinet is actually one of the worst places to keep your pills .
And then , also coming up a little later this morning ...
