Yes .
That 's how they gather intelligence , if , in fact , that 's what they 're doing .
Deb , one final question .
Why did it take -- boy , this feels like the outrage of outrages with this story -- why did it take authorities eight hours to respond and clean this up ?
We were told by a commander with the sheriff 's department that , in fact , that is one thing that they 're looking into .
The call was placed moments after the mercury was spilled .
They have n't determined that , however , whether it was because it was the Friday of Christmas weekend , not clear .
But they did n't respond to it until a second call was placed the next morning .
So eight hours , more than eight hours passed .
That 's hardly acceptable .
Deb Feyerick for us in New York .
Deb , great to see you .
Thanks .
And stay tuned to CNN day and night for the most reliable news about your security .
Feared dead , but held in a secret CIA prison .
Now this alleged American terrorist pleads for his rights .
His family shares his letters with CNN ahead in the NEWSROOM.
Tough talk from Iraq 's prime minister .
He says Iraqis can control the violence in his country with more guns and money from the United States , but on the ground in Iraq another day of violence .
CNN 's Arwa Damon reports from Baghdad .
The latest round of violence in the capital saw five car bombs explode in a span of just three hours .
The deadliest of those attacks coming during a triple bombing at one of Baghdad 's open air marketplaces where farmers come to sell fresh produce every morning .
That attack left at least 10 Iraqis dead and wounded another 30 .
Earlier in the morning , during rush hour in the capital , another car bomb .
This time targeting an Iraqi police patrol , exploding on a busy commercial street .
At least four Iraqis were killed in that attack , another 10 were wounded .
This is the violence that resonates with the Iraq people .
Not any sort of plans that are being put forward by the American and Iraqi governments .
However , we did hear tough talk from Iraq 's prime minister , Nuri al-Maliki , during a press briefing he gave to print journalists earlier .
In that , he said that if the United States provided the Iraqi security forces with adequate training and weapons , that they would be able to take over security in the next three to six months .
We have , however , heard this sort of talk from Iraq 's prime minister in the past , as recently as the end of October , when he gave a very similar statement to another news agency .
But when it comes down to reality on the ground , the Iraqi security forces themselves do tell us that they prefer to conduct operations alongside their American counterpart .
They are still very much reliant on U.S. military guidance from the lowest , all the way up to the highest levels , in terms of military operations .
Arwa Damon , CNN, Baghdad .
Pawns in the deadly violence in Iraq .
They said he was screaming the whole time , " I am booby-trapped !
I am booby-trapped ! "
