It sounds , Mr. Vice President -- excuse me ...
Yes .
... for interrupting -- that that 's an implied criticism , if not a direct criticism , of the current president ...
Well ...
... and vice president .
That 's -- well , that 's acceptable to me , if you want to draw that conclusion .
But the fact of it is that ours was an honest administration .
You could believe what you were told .
We never played games with the law .
We were true -- we were true to that oath of office .
And we did everything we could to enhance American power , based on our principles , and try to avoid war .
And we accomplished that .
And I feel good about it .
Is this a dishonest administration ?
You know , let me just say this .
A lot of the things -- I never use that word .
A lot of the things we were told proved not to be true .
But it -- was that a deliberate -- was the president and the vice president -- here is the question , Mr. Vice President .
Was the president and the vice president -- did they mislead the American people , or were they misled themselves ?
I have been very careful about avoiding words like deceit or lying and so on .
What I 'm talking about is our four years , during which I 'm absolutely positive we told the truth , we obeyed the law , and we kept the peace .
That 's what I 'm talking about .
We now have an administration that stumbled over these values , and is having its own great difficulties trying to sustain public leadership , in part because of things they said that got us into this war .
They surely have been contemptuous of enforcing the law .
And they have been -- they have dumped , basically , the whole foreign intelligence surveillance system .
They may be bringing it back .
And it seemed , for a while , they just recklessly wanted to get involved in international military conflicts .
And I think it 's been at great cost to our country .
Mr.
Mondale , about Dick Cheney , you have been critical of him , the relationship he 's had with the president .
Contrast that to the relationship you had when you were vice president with President Carter .
Carter is credited by all historians , I think , for having established a unique , new relationship with his vice president .
I was brought into the White House .
I was privy to the same information .
We met repeatedly .
I was involved as an adviser and worked for the president in many , many different ways .
And I think future vice presidents have all followed that example , including the Cheney example .
But I think one of the problems now is that this vice president , the current vice president , seems to have stepped across the line that we thought was important in our time .
In other words , I tried to work as a representative of the president .
I did n't go around volunteering my own policies .
I considered myself that kind of officeholder , and not a prime minister , not a deputy president or something like that .
