Even as President Bush was calling himself the decision-maker on Iraq today , we learned new details about one of his decisions .
A U.S. national security official says , the Bush administration has authorized the U.S. military to capture or kill Iranian agents in Iraq .
That is if American forces have good information that those Iranians are plotting attacks against the United States or coalition forces .
Let 's bring in our chief national correspondent , John King .
This is a major development , potentially , in ratcheting up the tension between the United States and Iran .
Certainly in ratcheting up the pressure and the tension .
There are many in Washington , though , asking questions about this .
You just had Jamie McIntyre on a bit earlier in the program .
The new defense secretary , Bob Gates , says he is not sure there is anything new here , that U.S. offices have always had the authority to take on someone who they believe is threatening them .
So , on the one hand , the Pentagon says , well , it 's not all that new .
But , at the White House , they 're saying it is new .
And many around Washington are asking that question .
And some on Capitol Hill are quite skeptical .
They 're saying , have the rules of engagement tied the hands of U.S. troops ?
If they needed this new power now , why did n't they have it six months ago or a year ago or two years ago ?
Because the administration for a long time , as you know , has been saying there is Iranian meddling in Iraq .
So , look , General George Casey is up next week , I believe .
It 's his confirmation hearing to be the new Army chief of staff .
Look for some tough , skeptical questioning from lawmakers who want to know , do you need new rules of engagement or this is just blustery talk ?
And the president 's use of the "decision-maker " today -- " I 'm the decision-maker .
I have to come up with a new strategy .
This is the strategy , and -- and I 'm going forward with it "-- what do you make of this ?
I make of it that the bipartisan tone of the State of the Union address lasted just a few days .
And that 's probably not unexpected , given they are moving quickly in Congress .
Nancy Pelosi is in Iraq today , the new speaker .
Even Republicans are backing the resolutions condemning the president 's decision to send in more troops .
The president is trying to reassert his authority .
And even the Democrats will tell you privately he has the power , as commander in chief , to send in these troops .
They will be there before anyone can cut off the money , even if they decided to do that .
So , you have some political posturing going right now -- the president asserting himself .
If there 's one thing , to me , that jumps out today , Wolf , if you 're looking for the biggest news in politics today , what I was most struck by is , the president 's top ally in the Senate , the Republican leader , Mitch McConnell , saying , this is it .
This is the last chance for the Iraqi government , and , implicit in that , the last chance for the president -- Senator McConnell going on to say that , in a democracy , you cannot ignore public opinion .
