This so worries the United States that it sent its ambassador , Robert Tuttle , and his wife Maria , to reach out to Muslims here in Britain .
Today they 're visiting Birmingham 's central mosque .
If I was to strap a bomb into myself and go into Birmingham 's city center and blow innocent people up I 'm not practicing what my preaching .
My religion is Islam , the religion of peace .
Likewise what America preaches , and its actions do n't go together .
At the end of the day , until you can have free elections and open dialogue like we 're having here now , then that 's when you truly have peace .
You ca n't bring democracy to Iraq if you bomb cities and kill children and men and women .
They 're not going to love you .
If you 're killing my child , I 'm not going to love you .
I 'm going to hate you .
And this is what he has done .
Sorry , Mr. Ambassador , you know , you 're a nice man .
How can you defend Mr. George Bush 's policy ?
And I hope as soon as he goes , Mr. Bush , somebody sensible comes in power in America it will be very beautiful .
Let me say first let the record show he said I was a nice man , let 's not forget that , all right ?
I 've known President Bush for 25 -- almost 25 years .
He 's not anti-Muslim .
He 's not anti-Islam .
But the ambassador can see he 's facing a tough audience , still , he cannot afford to ignore them .
TUTTL
This is the largest mosque in the United Kingdom , the largest mosque in Western Europe .
I think the reaching out and the discussion and the dialogue is what really counts here .
And that gets more critical by the day .
Especially in Birmingham , Britain 's second largest city with its largest Muslim minority .
Mohamed Ali is a Birmingham artist , also known as Aerosol Arabic .
Transforming a wall into a piece of art , in itself , you know this is so exciting .
He rose from painting graffiti on city walls to displaying his art in museums and stately halls .
This is actually a chap , a guy , who is making the round , the call for prayer .
God has given me a gift which is the ability to paint , so I 'm using my skills which I might have to be able to change in society .
You see something negative and you actively go to change that .
Mohammed Ali 's reaction to the negative atmosphere is to practice what he paints .
People are increasingly becoming disillusioned or they are being led astray .
This is not the way .
I mean , I 've done workshops for kids and I say to them , if you 've got issues , put it onto a canvas , you know , paint , express yourself .
And that is quite literally the aim of Mohammed Ali 's new project , a giant street mural that he 'll be painting on the side of an Islamic nursery , along with students from a multi-faith high school .
The whole mural supported by the Reverend John , he 's a chaplain of the local college , and the head headmaster here of the faith-based Islamic nursery .
Everybody engaging together to work on the mural together to me it 's a powerful thing .
