But the first thing he said to me as he sat down , he said to me , " Tom , how are you ? "
And I said , " How are you , Mr. President ? "
And he said , " The doctors wo n't let me into the pool .
They wo n't let me swim . "
He was very angry about that .
He said it 's -- he said , " I do n't like being on this leash . "
And he was very worked up .
He was almost 93 years old at the time .
And he was really fighting doctors who obviously were trying their best to save his life and prolong his life but who also were cutting into his exercise routine , and he did n't like that one little bit .
Tom DeFrank , stay with us .
We 've got to take a short break .
Tom DeFrank with the " New York Daily News " had a chance to conduct Ford 's last interview .
We 're going to talk more about his life , his story , as we take the final journey from the museum to his Episcopal church , where he worshipped since the 1940s .
We 're following the life and legacy of former president , Gerald Ford .
We 'll be right back .
You 're looking at live pictures from the Grace Episcopal Church in Grand Rapids , Michigan .
This is where a memorial service will be held very shortly for the former president .
Some 57,000 people , unprecedented , according to our Jeanne Meserve , showed up at the Ford Presidential Museum in Grand Rapids to pay their respects for the former president .
We saw pictures earlier , very poignant pictures , of the four children , Michael , Steven , Susan Bailes ( ph ) Ford and Jack Ford .
Just seemed very sad .
And according to the wires here , the first lady , Betty Ford , wanted this time for some quiet reflection , and she will join the family a little bit later on .
But we will have continuing coverage of this , of the services and then the burial , throughout the day , right here on the CNN NEWSROOM.
Well , battling cancer and watching the clock .
A new study figures out the high price patients pay in time .
Here 's chief medical correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta on the hidden cost of cancer .
We know that it 's very expensive to treat cancer .
There are a lot of direct medical costs involved .
But a new study from the National Cancer Institute looking specifically at what cancer costs are in terms of time .
Time is money as well .
And there are a lot of costs specifically with how long it takes for patients to actually get their care .
What the study looked at specifically was the costs associated with time spent getting to and from appointments , waiting for treatments , waiting during treatments , tests , checkups and other time commitments , as well .
They sort of average about $ 15.23 an hour for all those things .
And they came up with some pretty remarkable numbers .
Anybody who spent time waiting in a doctor 's waiting room knows specifically what I 'm talking about here .
Look at some of the numbers .
Some of the costs of fighting the cancers , in terms of time spent .
In the first 12 month , $ 5,300 essentially for gastric cancer ; $ 5,600 for ovarian cancer .
