Coming up , a conspiracy theory that wo n't go away .
I 've reached a conclusion that a missile hit the airplane .
I can understand why I want to continue the investigation .
It was misinformation cubed .
We ended up looking like a moron .
And the search for a cause -- could it happen again ?
We are overdue .
Wow .
David Mattingly and I work out of the same unit .
I know he researched this story for almost a full year .
What he 's about to show you as this continues is amazing .
I 'm Rick Sanchez .
Let 's try and catch you up now on some of the other stories that we 're following for you .
A massive avalanche outside of Denver , Colorado .
A wall of snow , 200 feet wide , 15 feet deep crashes on a highway .
It 's near Berthoud Pass .
Two cars knocked down a steep slope , six people inside .
They were able to finally get out after rescue workers arrived at the scene .
Also , this story .
It feels like springtime on the East Coast .
Even though it 's January , temperatures approach 70 degrees from Washington , D.C. up through the New York area .
But the National Weather Service is n't blaming the warmup on global warming .
It 's crediting the weather phenomenon known as el Nino .
President Bush summoned advisers to the White House as he puts the final wraps on a plan to salvage Iraq over objections by Congressional Democrats .
He 's expected to announce that he will increase the troops .
And he 'll make that announcement possibly over the next couple of days .
Eighteen hundred Army National Guardsmen heading to Afghanistan , but now before a heck of a send-off in Columbia , South Carolina .
Friends , family and local politicians turned out to wish them well .
Known as the 218th Brigade Combat Team , single largest unit deployment for the Palmetto State 's National Guard since World War II .
The " Chicago Sun-Times " says a man has been s charged with trying to extort $ 1.5 million from Oprah Winfrey .
The man reportedly threatened to release recorded conversations in which an employee of Winfrey 's company supposedly badmouths the talk show host .
He 's set to appear at a Monday hearing after being arrested and released on bail last month .
Neither Winfrey nor the company are commenting tonight on this case .
So , what are the lessons that need to be learned from that horrific TWA plane crash ?
Well , that 's what my colleague David Mattingly is about to show you .
I 'm Rick Sanchez .
News breaks , we 'll be right back .
TWA 800 .
We just had an explosion out there about five miles away .
Deep down , I think it was a missile .
Probably friendly fire .
It just went down in the water .
The recorder told us nothing .
An airline wo n't fly if they ca n't do it safely .
You show me a vapor , and god will find an ignition source .
16-year-old Cheryl Nibert boarded the flight to Paris after making jokes with her friends from Montoursville about the stains on her fingers .
She had spent most of the summer picking raspberries on the family farm to help pay for her trip .
