And with Democrats set to take control of Congress this week , that message , that Pelosi places a premium on family values , is one that she , and her party , hope will resonate with middle-class America , John .
Interesting story .
Andrea Koppel , thanks very much .
In our next hour we 'll go home to Searchlight , Nevada with Senator Majority Leader Harry Reid -- Soledad .
Coming up this morning , another major chain joins in the transfat revolution .
Ali Velshi is " Minding Your Business " , straight ahead with that story .
And the show of support for those New Orleans police officers now charged in the deaths of two men in the chaos after Hurricane Katrina .
That story is straight ahead .
Stay with us .
Well , first it was doughnuts , then fried chicken , now your favorite Starbucks muffin will be transfat free .
It 's 25 after the hour , Ali Velshi is here serving up some tasty business news .
We love a guy who brings food , in the morning , Ali .
Some folks may not like this whole move to transfat , but I do .
Because this is a gratuitous reason to bring food on television , and eat it whenever you want .
Bring it on , man .
And here 's the thing , I ca n't tell you which ones of these are transfat .
This is Starbucks .
Starbucks announced that as of today , at half of its stand-alone stores --
Usually if they bounce , they 're transfat .
I ca n't tell the difference .
But at half of its stand - alone stores , 5,600 Starbucks stores in the United States , half of them -- the ones that Starbucks operates --
Definitely transfat free .
This is really transfat free ?
Because as of today --
It 's either that , or it 's stale .
No, we just got them .
I ca n't imagine it 's stale .
This is good .
Got it across the road , they are making the move to getting rid of transfat , which is partially hydrogenated oil , which I grew thinking was OK , but apparently raises the bad cholesterol , lowers the good cholesterol .
And , you know , in New York City , they 're banning these things anyway .
Wendy 's is turned off of transfat .
KFC and Taco Bell are going off of it .
And in all the major cities , Starbucks stand-alone units , in all the major cities , as of today , should have transfat-free muffins , doughnuts , pastries , that sort of thing .
The rest of them , hopefully , by the end of year .
You know , they 're just trying to save us from ourselves , and I 'm not sure that we need that .
You necessarily want to be saved .
I do n't want to be saved .
I do n't need to be saved .
The problem is --
Do you need to be saved ?
Absolutely .
I definitely need to be saved .
Anybody who 's watched me eat through a couple pregnancies knows that .
And you know what ?
It is so much better for you , it 's going to save a lot of money , eventually , hopefully in health care costs .
I 'm all for it .
There you go .
Enjoy the transfat , we 've got a little show to go still .
I do n't know if it 's transfat free or not , but it 's really good .
