And what 's it like to run against Hillary Rodham Clinton ?
She 's a very disciplined campaigner .
She 's a very cautious campaigner .
She 'll be well briefed .
Tips for current political rivals from a past opponent .
That 's coming up in THE NEWSROOM.
Michael Devlin speaks -- the man charged with kidnapping two Missouri teens now tells snippets of his story .
CNN 's Rick Sanchez has more .
The accused kidnapper talked to the " New York Post " in two 15-minute interviews given from the Franklin County Jail .
Michael Devlin admitted to the " Post " that he has n't talked to his parents yet , saying , " It 's much easier talking to a stranger about these things than your own parents . "
Devlin , who comes from a large family , told the paper the only visitors he 's had in jail were his attorneys .
He also told the reporter that he became lonely and withdrawn in 2002 when he was diagnosed with diabetes .
When talking about the past four years , the amount of time that Shawn Hornbeck was missing , Devlin told the " Post , " and we quote , " I guess I was relatively happy . "
The newspaper reports when asked if he was attracted to women , Devlin answered , " I ca n't talk about that because it has to do with the case . "
Last week , Sean Hornbeck 's parents told Oprah they thought their son was sexual abused during his captivity .
Devlin has pleaded not guilty to one charge of felony kidnapping in regards to Ben Ownby and he is expected to be arraigned on kidnapping charges in the case of Shawn Hornbeck as well .
Rick Sanchez , CNN, Atlanta .
Michael Devlin 's attorneys are taking exception with the " New York Post " interview , saying their reporter deceived their client .
They 're expected to file a motion today to have Devlin moved to another facility .
I think the media is always going to try and do their job .
And their job is to try and gain access to people of interest , people that -- and he 's obviously an interesting character .
I mean nobody really knows anything about him .
Nevertheless , I think it 's the jail 's fault .
There are several inaccuracies and they are grave inaccuracies .
And we are , of course , you know , worried that things of an inflammatory nature will have an impact on people who are -- on how people view this case and potential jury people .
Ambulances rushing in for another round of wounded .
Insurgents pulling off a sneak attack against American G.I.s .
Iraq 's latest in THE NEWSROOM.
It is getting crowded out there -- 17 so far eyeing the Oval Office exactly a year before New Hampshire .
We 're looking for elbow room here in THE NEWSROOM.
And hold on -- it is -- hang in there -- it 's treacherous out there .
More miserable winter weather to tell you about in THE NEWSROOM.
We 're right back .
Let 's get the business day started , what do you say ?
Ring-ring , ring the bell .
Come on , come on , Jeff Turner .
There you go , Jeff Turner ringing the bell to get the business day going , from Spirit Aerosystems .
Well , thank you , for the question about Spirit Aerosystems , Heidi .
