Look , John Edwards has a good deal of credibility when it comes to speaking up about the war .
He 's been outspoken now for over a year .
And he 's urging Hillary Clinton and all the other so-called top-tier candidates to also come out force -- forcefully against a war .
I do believe that Mrs. Clinton made a strong statement last week , but we 're awaiting for her to return from Iraq and Afghanistan to tell us exactly what she would do next .
She 's going to be speaking out tomorrow , we take it , about her trip .
Does she have a problem right now , given her track record on Iraq ?
Yes .
I think there 's no doubt about it .
Hillary Clinton voted for the war in Iraq , Wolf .
And she went down to the Senate floor -- that anybody can look up in the congressional record , and I 'm sure some of her Democratic opponents will be looking up during the primary campaign -- where she forcefully made the case for removing Saddam Hussein .
She forcefully made the case for military intervention in that country .
So , Hillary is trying to recreate herself now , anticipating that the anti-war movement is going to be very strong in the Democratic primaries .
And she positioned herself wrongly from the beginning ...
A lot of susp -- anticipation -- that 's the word -- that . .
Right .
... Senator Clinton is going to announce very soon that she is running for president .
What are you hearing ?
I 'm hearing right now that she 's picking up a -- a great deal of staff people , also support .
She 's raising money .
Look , I think I 'm imminent that both Mrs. Clinton , as well as Senator Obama and others , will be announcing in the coming weeks .
Why ?
Because they want to get an early start , not just in Iowa and New Hampshire .
Clearly , they have got to -- they must get prepared for CNN 's debate , scheduled for April 4 .
April 4 and April 5 , the first -- we mentioned that was the first -- the first two debates ...
Absolutely .
... of the season .
We did .
There is pressure on all these Democrats and Republicans not to waste any time , to throw their hats into the ring , and get going .
Yes .
Well , listen , one year from now , we are going to be voting on this .
By the time we get to February of next year , this is going to be decided .
There 's going to be a Republican and Democratic candidate by the time we get to March 1 .
There 's no time to waste for these campaigns .
What do you make of this James Dobson statement the other day , saying he does n't like Senator McCain ?
Well , Wolf , you know , you talk to conservative activists all around the country , and what they see in the Republican field right now are leading candidates , in McCain , Giuliani and Romney , who do not necessarily represent the Reagan conservative vision .
Each of them has their own problems .
There is a vacuum in the Republican field right now for someone who has the Reagan vision and is a viable candidate .
Right now , that other candidate is n't there .
I 'm not sure ...
