Geek heaven today in Las Vegas .
The International Consumer Electronics Show opens this morning .
There are a lot of cool gadgets to see and play with .
CNN 's Renay San Miguel is there with a look at that .
And gosh , we 've got another VHS-Betamax kind of thing going on right now .
He 'll tell us about that .
Good morning , Renay .
Good morning , Miles .
Yes , VHS versus Betamax 2.0.
Microsoft and half of the industry supporting HD DVD for the next generation DVD technology , the other half of the industry , including Sony , supporting Blu-ray .
And right smack in the middle is the consumer .
So , I sat down with Gates for a one-on-one interview yesterday , talked to Bill Gates about this , and I asked a question about whether or not he felt bad for the consumer , who 's going to have to make a very expensive choice here .
And he kind of gave me a standard answer , so I tried to dig in deeper with a follow-up .
Here 's how that part of the conversation went .
( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP )
If you had your way , you would be putting everybody into the same room and saying , can we please come up with something that would make the consumer not have to make that choice ?
If you had the way ...
That 's right .
No, that 's absolutely right .
It 's too bad , but , you know , HD DVD has a lot of great things going for it .
And , you know , I 'm sure that there may be some technology things that can happen .
But for now , you know , I think we 've got a lot of happy users , and that number will just go up .
That 's what everybody in the industry is hoping .
Now , Gates is really here to talk about the next generation of his Windows operating system , Vista , which comes out at the end of this month .
One of the products that will be supporting Vista is this HP touch-smart PC .
Very interactive here -- you just touch and you can manage all your media , your movies , your music , your -- your digital photos , as well as get on the Internet .
All of it touch screen .
One of the products that 's supported here .
Jim Barry with the Consumer Electronics Association joins us now to talk about some of the other products .
And -- and he talked about technology maybe coming to the rescue in this HD DVD battle .
Here 's an example .
You 're right , Renay .
Nice to see you again .
This is the LG Super Multi Blue player .
This will play both Blu- ray and HD DVD disks .
So this will play both of them , solve that consumer 's dilemma .
This is going to be about $ 1,200 , available in the second quarter .
Yes .
Remember those first VCRs cost that much 30 years ago .
I know .
It 's still an expensive solution , but a solution nonetheless .
Exactly .
Speaking of HD , this new from Panasonic , a high-definition camcorder , that it will record either on these little DVDs to about 40 minutes of HD on one of those , or on those little postage stamp-sized SD cards .
SAN MIGUE
