And the president 's hard sell .
President Bush saying he 's determined to send more than 20,000 more troops .
That issue and a lot of others next as Jesse Jackson , Georgette Mosbacher and Errol Louis join me .
Stay with us .
This is LOU DOBBS THIS WEEK.
News , debate and opinion .
Here again , Lou Dobbs .
The wife of imprisoned Border Patrol agent Ignacio Ramos attended the president 's State of the Union address .
Monica Ramos the guest of Congressman Dana Rohrabacher of California .
Rohrabacher is a leading advocate for those agents who are serving lengthy prison sentences convicted on the evidence by a drug smuggler given immunity by the U.S. Justice Department .
The drug smuggler testified , of course , against those agents and it was the basis for the entire prosecution .
Several Republican congressmen this week called for a closer look into that case .
But they say they 're being stonewalled by the Department of Homeland Security .
One of the congressmen is Michael McCaul , a member of the homeland security committee .
I asked the congressman why the inspector general is n't turning over that report as promised .
Well , as you know , when I was chairman of the investigation subcommittee , when this came to our attention , we requested a meeting with the Inspector General 's office .
He made several assertions as to the guilt of the agents .
And then after which requested the report of investigation .
They gave us assurances for months that this would be turned over .
As we entered into the new Congress , he told me that my request had expired with the old Congress .
That it would not be honored now .
And that the only way I could obtain the report was to go through the Freedom of Information Act .
Wait a minute .
A U.S. congressman being told by the Department of Homeland security you have to file a freedom of information request ?
That 's what we were told .
And Lou , this defies not only the Homeland Security Committee , it defies the will of the Congress and it defies the will of the people who are entitled to the truth in this case .
Well , Congressman Culverson ( ph ) said point blank he thinks it 's a cover-up .
What do you think ?
We wo n't know till we know the evidence .
As I former federal prosecutor , I reserve judgment till we get evidence .
You have to ask the question , why are they being so reluctant to turn over such important information .
And either it 's total arrogance or it 's gross incompetent .
Well , you 're a former federal prosecutor .
Let me ask you something .
And I think it 's admirable you 're trying to get the facts .
That 's what we 're all trying to do .
But the facts as they are established right now to the advantage of the prosecution , to the disadvantage of the defense , are based on the testimony of a legal alien , Mexican drug smuggler given immunity to testify against the agents .
As a prosecutor , does that make any sense to you ?
It 's an extraordinary case .
Typically you have someone plead guilty to a charge and then cooperate in an investigation or in a case .
This is an extraordinary set of facts here .
In addition the judge not allowing the agents out on bond , in my view , when the real issue is risk of flight , these are law enforcement officers .
There is no risk of flight .
Where are they going to flee to , Mexico ?
That was an absurd result , I believe .
And I think the judge should have let them out on bond .
