You all right ?
I know you do n't want us to question -- does he want to say anything , make a statement and ask him anything ?
Does he want to talk to us ?
No.
We 'd rather not at this time .
That will come .
It will come .
I promise you that will come .
And when he 's ready , we will have the opportunity to do that in his good time .
When he 's ready , he 'll let us know , and we 'll let you know .
Any more questions ?
Mr.
Akers , we have a lot more questions , but you probably want to be with your family .
And we really , really appreciate that .
That 's why yesterday we decided that probably our smartest move was to do this here this morning , get everybody together in one place .
You know , we 've been totally overwhelmed with calls from all across the country , from every news media in the country , as well as , you know , just people , well-wishers , people that we 've run across .
And we are going to ask that , after this press conference , if you would please give us some time to sit down and get back together and let -- let Shawn absorb all this , let us absorb all this .
And like I said , as soon as -- as soon as Shawn is ready , we 'll give you guys a call , and we 'll be more than happy to sit down and do this again .
And when Shaw n 's ready , you know , he 'll be able to talk to you and tell us what he wants to tell you .
But if you would just please give us a little bit of time to get to that place , we would definitely appreciate it .
You know , we need some time to be together as a family and to deal with all of this .
Craig , can I ask you a yes or no ?
A lot of people here are wondering , did Shawn post things on Web sites ?
We -- we do n't know .
I know what you 're referring to .
It was brought to my attention just a couple -- an hour or so ago .
And we do n't -- we do n't know the origin of those posts yet .
It is something that we 'll be discussing and looking into .
Yes .
At this point , we have n't asked Shawn that yet .
Like we said , we 've just been trying to take him all in , not ask any questions .
All the answers will come later .
Right now we 're just trying to absorb that he 's home .
( INAUDIBLE) .
Yes .
The Web site , as soon as I can get to it , we 'll be updating the Web site .
And updated information will be put on the Web site as it becomes available .
And I really do n't see any reason why any of those Web sites will go away any time soon .
Last night we were trying to get someone in to make some changes and updates on the Web site , but there was so much traffic to the server that we could n't even get logged on to the server to make any changes .
So it 's still the same way that it was .
Hopefully sometime today we 'll get in there and make some updates and let everyone else know what we know .
