To say the least .
Clinton 's announcement comes just days after Illinois Senator Barack Obama indicated he 'll mount a challenge for the Democratic presidential nomination .
Our Bob Franken reports the field is already very crowded .
I 'll be filing papers today to create a presidential exploratory committee .
He may be considered inexperienced , but Barack Obama has already learned how to milk publicity .
On February 10th at the end of these discussions and in my home state of Illinois , I 'll share my plans with my friends , neighbors , and fellow Americans .
The nation waits .
In the meantime , Republican Sam Brownback will be diving in from the right .
His campaign slogan , I 'm not John McCain .
Take the addition of more troops to Iraq .
Not the answer , says Brownback .
The answer , argues McCain .
I believe it 's necessary , and I hope we can move forward .
McCain has n't officially moved forward with his presidential candidacy , but there are few surer things in this life .
That 's probably true on the Democratic side of Hillary Rodham Clinton 's plans .
Clinton aides are complaining that John Edwards has been throwing some hardballs at her , departing from his we 're all in this together mantra .
We 're going to have to do , all of us together .
The presidential candidate landscape is already cluttered .
Among Democrats , Congressman Dennis Kucinich , Senator Christopher Dodd , former Iowa Governor Tom Vilsack , who at least does n't have to travel far .
Among the big name Republicans in the hunt , there 's Giuliani and Romney .
Small names include Duncan Hunter and now GOP Congressman Tom Tancredo , who 's hoping his restrictive immigration leadership produces a groundswell on this side of the border .
And in both parties there are literally dozens threatening to run .
This is a time to realize the American dream , you know .
If you 're brought up to believe that anybody can be president , this is the type of election cycle to realize that .
We do n't need a scorecard , we probably need an inventory .
If you 're wondering if somebody is running , the answer is probably yes .
Bob Franken , CNN, Washington .
So do all the politicians throwing their hats into the ring really think they have a great chance of winning , or are some of them just making a statement ?
And who does have the best chance of ending up in the Oval Office ?
CNN 's senior political analyst Bill Schneider joins us from Washington .
Good to see you .
Hi , Fred .
WHITFIEL
Boy , talk about a field .
I mean , we 're losing count .
So perhaps to narrow the field , maybe people want to know that candidate for one , and want to know their policy .
Perhaps for Senator Clinton , people feel like they know her .
And now she 's inviting people on her Web site to say , let 's have dialogue .
Let 's talk .
Does this bode well in her favor for people who are saying , maybe I do n't really know who you are ?
Well , certainly people have a long experience with Senator Clinton as first lady , the healthcare plan back in the early 1990s , her various troubles , her husband 's experiences .
She 's a very well-known quantity , which is an advantage in many ways because she can raise a lot of money .
She has raised a lot of money in her Senate campaign .
