Some of that work started Thursday , when UConn Law held a forum closed to cameras to help enlighten students .
At Tarleton State , a similar discussion helped change Jeremy Pelz 's perspective .
We have to look at what we do and how we do it , how something in our eyes may not be bad or discriminatory , but , in others' , it 's very much so .
Parties that had been planned simply for a good time are now becoming lessons in respect for other cultures , as valuable as any time spent in the classroom .
Allan Chernoff , CNN, Hartford , Connecticut .
You definitely want to check this out .
A street battle rages , a sinister plot is revealed .
Iraqi officials say hundreds are dead and even more lives hung in the balance .
We have hose details in the NEWSROOM.
A Senate committee in New Orleans right now to get a first-hand look at how the city is recovering from hurricanes Katrina and Rita .
And they have already gotten an earful this morning .
The story in the NEWSROOM.
No doubt his heart is in his hometown .
Harry Connick Jr. doing a lot to help New Orleans recover from Hurricane Katrina .
Ahead in the NEWSROOM , he 's going to join us live to talk about a project to benefit New Orleans ' musicians .
Let 's talk now about recovery from Hurricane Katrina , still agonizingly slow in much of New Orleans and parts of the Mississippi Gulf Coast .
The storm struck a year and a half ago , and this morning a Senate committee is holding a field hearing in New Orleans .
There 's a live look .
The topic , the government 's response to that storm , and Hurricane Rita , and that stirred the anger of one young man .
I never realized --
Help the victims of Hurricane Katrina why you wo n't probe the White House .
I 'll be glad to -- UNIDENTIFIED MAL
I have a hundred signatures of victims of Hurricane Katrina , why do n't you tell them why you wo n't probe the White House .
Probe the White House !
We want justice !
We want somebody to stand up for justice !
Probe the White House !
We will be happy to accept those petitions and glad to deal with that question as this hearing goes on .
The frustration is clearly evident and that hearing continues just for a little while longer .
And then committee members will head out to a tour of the devastated areas around New Orleans , including the Ninth Ward and Lakeview neighbors .
Our coverage continues at 1 p.m. Eastern in the NEWSROOM.
I do want to let you know coming up in minutes , Harry Connick , Jr. , from the area , has two new albums out and all it benefits New Orleanians .
We 'll talk about that , and why he 's wanting musicians come back .
Stay tuned for that .
Iraq , the death toll grows and the religious divisions deepen .
We begin with the bloody battle in Najaf .
Iraqi officials say militants were planning to attack Shiite pilgrims and kill their top leaders .
Iraq says at least 200 insurgents were killed including the leader of their cult .
