And a view from the battlefield .
U.S. troops on the ground in Iraq respond to the president 's new plan .
What they have to say ahead in the NEWSROOM.
Plus , Iraq strategy shifts : we 'll get a general view of the president 's strategy coming up next .
Meanwhile now , I want to get to the NEWSROOM now , where Fredricka Whitfield is standing by .
Some interesting news coming out of Jacksonville , Florida , Fred .
Interesting to say the least , Heidi .
Well , this is a scene you do n't see everyday .
Two Navy helicopters , one that you 're seeing right now , landing in downtown Jacksonville , Florida .
The two had to make an emergency landing .
They were doing a flyover , in formation over St . John 's River , when they had to make these emergency landings .
One chopper landing on the south bank , the other on the north .
No injuries , no fires .
So why did they have to land ?
What was the emergency ?
Well , apparently , the blades touched .
And as a precaution , the pilots decided to go ahead and land those choppers ?
But fortunately , they made a safe landing .
No injuries , and right now they 're still assessing any potential damage to the aircraft -- Heidi .
When you fly information , you 're pretty , pretty close .
A difficult thing to do .
All right , good news there .
Fredricka Whitfield , thank you .
The commander in chief lays out his plan , President Bush calls for sending more than 20,000 additional troops to Iraq .
Their mission , secure and hold neighborhoods in Baghdad and track down terrorists in a troubled province .
Joining us from Washington with perspective on the plan , CNN military , retired Air Force Major General Don Shepperd .
Don , great to see you this morning .
Thanks for your time .
You bet , Tony .
Don , if you would , describe this mission for all of us , and how significant a departure is this , from the old mission ?
Well , it 's not a significant departure from the old mission , but it does add 21,000 troops that ca n't bring security to Iraq , ca n't bring security to Baghdad , ca n't even bring security to Sadr City , but should help in many ways .
Let me go to the map and show you a couple of things .
Here 's the scenario , if you will , with inside Iraq .
In the north , you have the Kurdish area .
In the west , you have the Sunni area .
In the south , you have the Shia area .
You have oil in the north .
You have oil in the south .
You have sand in the west .
For Iraq to succeed , the Sunnis must stop the insurgency , join the government and there must be a sharing of these oil revenues .
Now , the real problem of course that we 're dealing with right now is in Baghdad , Tony .
Let 's zoom on in on Baghdad and show you several things there .
Basically , you have Shia and Sunni neighborhoods very , very close to each other there .
All of these Adhamiyah , Kadimiyah , Mansour are Sunni neighborhoods , over here , you have a Shia neighborhood in Sadr City .
Sadr City , the home of the mighty militia of Muqtada al-Sadr , 20,000 .
Lots of death squads , lots of sectarian violence coming out of here .
They 're fighting each other .
This is the situation that our troops are walking into .
Now , they 're not going to walk in and solve this themselves .
