And I 'm Miles O'Brien .
Thanks for being with us .
Here 's what 's happening this morning .
President Bush is working on his speech to announce a new direction in Iraq .
The speech is tomorrow night .
He is expected to say that he 's sending 20,000 to 40,000 more troops into Iraq .
Republican observers say it 's absolutely critical that the president convince the American people that his strategy will work .
Right now , the American people are weighing in .
A poll from " USA Today"-Gallup over the weekend shows that 61 percent of those surveyed are opposed to a troop increase , 37 percent say they 're in favor , 72 percent say the president does n't have a clear plan for handling the situation in Iraq .
At noon today , the clock starts ticking on the Democrats ' first 100 hours in Congress .
During last year 's election campaign they promised to pass six major pieces of legislation in the first 100 hours .
So first up today is a bill to implement the 9/11 Commission 's recommendations for homeland security -- Miles .
Breaking news unfolding from Iraq .
A major gun battle erupting right in the middle of the city .
CNN 's Ryan Chilcote joining us live with more -- Ryan .
Miles , it 's been a dramatic series of events here in the Iraqi capital .
It began with a gun battle on Haifa Street about 3:00 , 4:00 in the morning here .
It has been going on for nine hours .
And just over the last couple of hours , we saw some very rare scenes of U.S. aircraft moving over the Iraqi capital .
We saw fixed-wing aircraft , almost certainly F-18s , and we saw Apache attack helicopters .
The Apache attack helicopters also hovering over the city .
I can hear them now coming back on to the scene .
Both the fixed-wing aircraft and the Apache attack helicopters left this particular part of central Baghdad and moved towards western Baghdad .
Now I hear the Apache attack helicopters coming right back to central Baghdad .
That 's where this gun battle has been going on , right in heart of the Iraqi capital .
A group of U.S. and Iraqi troops op one side , fighting an unknown number of insurgents in an area called Haifa Street .
It was late last night that an Iraqi patrol in that area came under fire .
They got pinned down , they called for support .
That 's when these U.S. and Iraqi troops came in , in support of them .
And just over the last couple of hours , weighing in on that battle , if you want , moving in , in support .
We 've had Apache attack helicopters and fixed-wing .
It has been very unusual , very unprecedented to see so much air power and such a fierce gun battle right in the heart of Baghdad -- Miles .
I should say , Ryan .
And at this point , do the forces on the ground there have the sense that this is a coordinated attack on the part of the insurgents ?
It certainly sounds like a coordinated attack , because what we understand from what has been going on in Haifa Street , where this gun battle is under way , is that there has been mortar fire , there has been heavy machinegun fire .
There has been small arms fire .
