Forgive me .
Go ahead .
. so even though that community has been established there for quite a while , it has internal problems to do with leadership .
It has a sense of actually thinking that many of the first generation did n't actually want to accept this as their country .
They came for a specific reason and then to go back .
And so two generations on , we 've inherited a little bit of kind of unclear ideas about who we are , and into that , that ideology , those seeds have been planted .
People have arrived with those ideologies .
They 're not inherently something that the people locally came up with , the younger people , came up with those conclusions themselves , but it 's a badge that 's been given to them .
What should Muslims of all stripes expect from non-Muslims ?
Should the rest of Britain wait patiently while a tiny handful -- and once again , it 's a tiny handful -- of young men decide whose side they want to be on ?
I think the first thing we need to do is consider ourselves as Britons or we need to consider ourselves as human beings , and there is a sense of this is not going to be tackled by actually saying , well , the Muslims are on this side or the British public is on the other side .
I am also a member of the British public , and I think I do n't expect anybody to wait for a generation to grow up .
We are facing a crisis .
We have seen what happened last year .
We have to deal with these things now .
The politicians are very aware , community leaders are very aware , of where the wart is and where they have n't even focused on that .
I think what you are going to see , and I think it 's already beginning , is there is an empowerment of younger voices , and women in particular , and that 's where the natural leadership will emerge , and then from within those communities , workable solutions will arrive , not committees and groups that meet in White Hall or kind of issue edicts in terms of how people should behave or integrate .
That has to come from those people themselves , and I think it is beginning to happen .
I 'm quite confident about that .
Navid Akhtar , thanks so much for this .
We 're going to take a break .
When we come back , on that very point , talking to someone who is trying to ease tensions around a pool table .
Stay with us .
Walthamstow is an ordinary working-class community in northeast London , but after last August 's discovery of the plot to blow up airliners traveling from the U.K. , police descended .
They arrested 14 men with a raid that startled the neighborhood , to say the least .
Welcome back .
Like the rest of London , Muslims make up about 15 percent of that corner of the city .
Most of them were born in Britain of Pakistani descent .
Muslims have been elected to the mayor 's office of Walthamstow and to parliament there .
But it too found itself some kind of battleground in the war on terror and it 's where one youth worker , Hanif Qadir , went to work .
