We hope you 'll be a frequent guest here in THE SITUATION ROOM.
I look forward to it .
Harold Ford , Jr. thanks very much .
Thank you , sir .
And up next , Hollywood 's big shots breaking out their checkbooks for the Democratic presidential field .
Who will get the biggest chunk of their cash ?
Our Bill Schneider standing by with a report .
And four big states , very big states , are planning to move their presidential primaries up on the calendar .
Which candidates would that help , which would it hurt ?
John King standing by .
Stay with us .
You 're in THE SITUATION ROOM.
To our viewers , you 're in THE SITUATION ROOM , where new pictures and information are arriving all the time .
Happening now : A new effort to crack down on insurgents in Baghdad is n't stemming the violence .
Thirty-eight people were killed in various attacks across the Iraqi capital today , including one more American soldier .
A 71-year-old former sheriff 's deputy is behind bars in Mississippi .
Reputed Ku Klux Klansman James Seale is charged with kidnapping in connection with the 1964 killing of two men .
Seale has pleaded not guilty .
Attorney General Alberto Gonzales says , authorities are dedicated to tracking down criminals , even if the case dates back decades .
And Senator Barack Obama now is calling for universal health care coverage within the next six years .
He is joining fellow Democratic presidential hopefuls Hillary Clinton and John Edwards in promoting health care for all .
I 'm Wolf Blitzer .
You 're in THE SITUATION ROOM.
In the early race for the White House , Democrats right now scrambling to try to lock in support from important elements of their political base .
Let 's turn to our senior political analyst , Bill Schneider -- Bill .
Wolf , almost all the Democratic candidates have declared .
Next issue : Who is supporting them ?
Just about all the horses are now lined up , but the big Democratic race does n't start for a year .
First comes the preliminary heats , where the candidates compete for money , endorsements and support from key Democratic constituencies , like African-Americans .
Does Barack Obama have the black vote locked up ?
REVEREND JESSE JACKSON , FOUNDER , RAINBOW/PUSH COALITIO
He will have to get to know a lot of people he just does not know .
Right now , Hillary Clinton is the front-runner among minority Democrat .
Al Sharpton went to the Senate to meet with Clinton and Obama , as well as Christopher Dodd and Joe Biden .
Well , I do n't want to speculate until after I talked to everybody .
There 's a Hispanic candidate , but he says :
I would n't run as a Hispanic candidate .
I would run as an American proud to be Hispanic .
Hillary Clinton has already endorsed by EMILY 's List , a prominent network that supports pro-abortion-rights Democratic women .
Right now , the New York senator has a strong lead among Democratic women .
Unions provide legwork , money , and organization , all important in the early caucus states .
John Edwards has been outspoken on bread - and-butter issues .
Investments to end poverty , universal health care , which I 'm completely committed to .
Liberals ?
They 're for Clinton , too .
But the netroots activists want to hear strong anti-war language .
