Thanks , Heidi .
All right .
We 're focused on it now .
So , once again , let 's go back to the Senate chambers .
The Senate Homeland Security committee is taking testimony today what it would take to implement the rest of the 9/11 Commission recommendations .
Co-chair of the 9/11 Commission , Lee Hamilton , is testifying .
New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg also testifying .
And , as you know , passing a bill to implement the complete slate of the 9/11 Commission recommendations is part of the 100 hour legislative blitz for the Democrats .
So we will continue to follow these developments throughout the morning and afternoon here in the NEWSROOM.
Still to come , a raging wildfire sweeps through Malibu .
The rich and famous losing oceanfront homes .
That is ahead in the NEWSROOM.
Steve Jobs .
What surprise might he reveal at this year 's Macworld expo .
A live report ahead in the NEWSROOM.
And the new report card for kids that has some parents fighting mad .
They 're saying children are obese that are not obese .
The outrage ahead in the NEWSROOM ,
Heidi , what 's happening with the New York Stock Exchange ?
I ca n't see that far .
Well , the numbers are up a little bit by about , oh , say , 22 .
It was 23 a second ago .
But still sitting there at 12,446 .
What did we talk about earlier today , oil .
Low , low , low .
Yes .
Steve Jobs , bringing you iPods .
Steve Jobs .
Some big business stories today we 'll be following a little bit later on .
So your child comes home from school with a letter warning you about their weight .
A valid school concern or something best left to parents and their child 's doctor ?
It certainly would be a heated debate , I think .
Surbani Banangi ( ph ) of affiliate WHDH has our story .
If your child was overweight or underweight , for that matter , by national standards , would you want to know ?
And we know that there 's a correlation between juvenile diabetes and adult diabetes .
Obesity and diabetes .
Obesity and chronic heart disease .
So we 're sharing this information , just like we would share any other information we gather about a child .
Hienas ( ph ) Elementary School has sent home letters to parents about their child 's weight , screened along with vision , hearing and signs of Scoliosis .
Something meant to be a helpful hand taken by many as an unwanted nose in their business .
Yes , I do n't think that pointing out a child 's obesity or skinniness is really -- I mean it 's something that parents should be concerned with , but I do n't think it 's something that the school should outwardly have to make known .
I think it 's horrible .
They 're saying children are obese that are not obese .
The letter , sent home in sealed envelopes , give each child 's body mass index .
Computer generated using age , gender , height and weight .
Children 's weight and obesity has increased three times .
It has tripled since 1970 .
Despite the spike , many parents seem more worried about children 's self-esteem and body image than body fat .
I feel as though it stigmatisms the children very much .
I think it makes the child feel , the child stands out from everybody else .
