At risk for President Bush is legacy .
Success could revive his presidency .
Another failure could seal his place in history .
There 's no question that the one line after his entry in the encyclopedia , George W. Bush , 43rd president of the United States , who chose to invade Iraq , and then whatever the consequences may be .
And if it does n't work , what then ?
If this does n't work , we leave Iraq , we put the best face on it we can , and we stand by for the next big event .
And we be very , very careful and very steadied about committing ourselves to combat anywhere again .
But some experts believe that if this plan does n't work , the Iraq war is going to be passed off to the next administration and they 're warning Democrats who are planning all of this symbolic wrist-slapping over the next week that they should consider they may just end up inheriting this whole mess -- Wolf .
Thanks very much for that .
John Roberts reporting .
We want to get a little bit more now on the president 's address , what he plans to do , how he plans to sell his new plan for Iraq .
Joining us in tonight 's strategy session , two CNN political analysts .
Paul Begala is a Democratic strategist and Bay Buchanan is president of American Cause .
We 're just learning right now -- we just got a statement from Rudy Giuliani , the former mayor of New York and potential presidential candidate .
He now says this : " I support the president 's increase in troops .
Even more importantly , I support the change in strategy , the focus on security and the emphasis on a political and economical solution as being even more important than a military solution . "
So like John McCain , a Republican presidential hopefully , certainly like Mitt Romney who supports the president , now Rudy Giuliani does as well .
And those are the three probably top tier Republican candidates running .
I did notice that Sam Brownback , who 's also considering a run for the presidency , very strong with social conservatives , today expressed great doubt about the escalation in Iraq .
So that Republicans ... ( CROSSTALK)
Remarkable for someone who 's not -- this is not -- you saw on the air a minute ago , Norm Coleman , who is sort of a very vulnerable guy from Minnesota , might lose in 2008 .
Sam Brownback could keep his Senate seat as long as he likes , and he is running for president , in a very conservative Republican primary , and he 's speaking out against this .
It 's terrible news for the president and the timing could n't be worse for the president .
It 's not terrible news for the president .
This is one isolated case .
You 're going to have a number of Republican senators ...
Well , he 'd rather have them on his side .
Well , sure he would , but you 've got -- you 're going to have -- the majority of Republican leaders in this country are going to come out tomorrow and support the president 's plan .
He will have the overwhelming number of them .
The key here is , the party , as Republicans , will support the president .
What are the Democrats going to do ? Are they just going to talk about it ?
This is a nation at war .
They 've got to make their decision .
