Oh , of course it 's going to go on a few more years .
And the real question that we have to ask ourselves , Wolf , is what America 's role is going to be in that next step that the Iraqis are going to have to take .
They are going to be the ones that will determine the fate of their country .
We ca n't do that .
We can help them .
A number of the Baker-Hamilton Commission recommendations put forward , I thought , was representative of a good , new bipartisan foundation the president could have seized upon , using diplomacy , using our military force , using our influence to bring together a new framework , a new frame of reference for the future .
How this all plays out in Iraq , I do n't know .
But I think what some of us are saying here , we 're no longer going to just quietly stand by , as we have done , literally , for four years , and let more of our young Americans be thrown into this battle when they cannot change the outcome .
This is an internal issue and the Iraqis themselves are going to have to sort this out .
They must want their own freedom , their own future , more than we want it for them .
All right , Senator , the White House has already said today that the resolution that you and Senator Levin and Senator Biden want to put forward is not going to affect the president 's policies .
They 're going to go forward with their surge , as they call it , the increase of the U.S. troops .
What else should be done if they ignore this symbolic , non - binding resolution ?
Well , let 's start with the fact that we have a form of government , Wolf , that represents co-equal branches of government .
Article 1 of the Constitution is not the presidency , it 's the Congress .
We have separation of powers , as it should be .
But we have a co-equal branch of government .
We need to be part of any resolution in foreign policy or any policy for our country .
We have essentially walked away from that the last four years .
So when the president talks about or his administration spokesmen say that regardless of what the Senate does or the Congress does in any resolution , we 're not going to pay heed to that , I think they 'll want to review that , because here is the way a democracy works , if people have forgotten .
November 7th , the people of this country changed the management in Congress .
It was over one issue more than any other , and it was Iraq .
Seventy-three percent that I 've seen in the last poll , and I believe it was your poll , last week , 73 percent of the people of America said that they disapproved of this administration 's handling of
Iraq .
That should tell everyone something .
There 's accountability in leadership .
There should be .
There is accountability in politics .
Right .
Now , this is just the beginning , Wolf .
This thing is going to play out over the next few months , with appropriations , more resolutions .
You saw Senator Clinton 's introduction of a bill today .
This is just the beginning .
