TIM RUSSERT , " MEET THE PRESS" : Are you running for president of the United States ?
Tim , tomorrow I 'll be filing papers to launch an exploratory committee .
And yes , I 'll be out there .
Somebody 's got to win this race .
And , you know , I think that -- I think my messages of a strong national defense , secure border , bring some of those high-paying manufacturing jobs back that we 've given away ...
This is a marathon .
If people learn my story , learn my record , I think I can compete .
The question is , can I raise the money ?
I 'm open to supporting a Democrat , a Republican , or even an Independent , if there 's a strong one .
You 're saying you might vote Republican in 2008 ?
I am , because we have so much on the line both in terms of the Islamist terrorists who are an enemy as brutal as the fascists and communists we faced in the last century ...
A tree limb and an ink pen hardly seem like something you would stop a mountain lion with , but a California woman used both to save her husband 's life .
Eric Koch with CNN 's Eureka affiliate KIEM spoke to the victim and his hero , his wife .
And she got herself a limb , a big limb , and I was trying to fight .
Seventy-year-old Jim Hamm describes his encounter with a mountain lion just days after he was attacked at Prairie Creek Redwood State Park in northern California .
Hamm is in fair condition at a local hospital .
On Wednesday , Hamm and his wife were hiking when a lion jumped on his back .
Hamm instinctively fought back .
When he was n't able do anymore , his wife Nell stepped in .
So I told her to get my pen from my pocket .
So I went in my pants pocket and jammed it in his eye .
So she jammed it in his eye and it crumbled .
So it would n't work .
She got the club and started to club it again .
She did that and it backed off and laid it 's ears back .
She was yelling and screaming at it .
And it just turned around and went off into the ferns and left .
Jim and his wife say they 're experienced hikers , doing it three times a week for the past two years .
They 've asked park rangers before what to do if they were ever to come across a lion .
Their answer was to fight back .
And that 's what Jim and I did , just what the rangers told us to do , never thinking we would have to use that information .
If you do n't , you 'd be dead .
I mean , you have to fight .
And you have to focus .
Jim had surgery to repair lacerations to his head , face and arms following the attack .
Officials say they are n't sure when he might be released .
Hamm is calling his wife a hero , adding it 's because of her that he 's still alive .
She stood in there the whole time .
And if she had n't have , I would be gone .
You know , you hear remarks of "hero " and all this .
It was n't that .
It 's we love each other very much and we have been together for 50 years now .
And it was just a matter -- his life was in jeopardy .
And we were fighting for his life .
