To allow this to happen would be to ignore the lessons of September the 11th and invite tragedy .
Ladies and gentlemen , nothing is more important at this moment in our history than for America to succeed in the Middle East , to succeed in Iraq , and to spare the American people from this danger .
This is where matters stand tonight , in the here and now .
I 've spoken with many of you in person .
I respect you and the arguments you 've made .
We went into this largely united in our assumptions and in our convictions .
And whatever you voted for , you did not vote for failure .
Our country is pursuing a new strategy in Iraq , and I ask you to give it a chance to work .
And I ask you to support our troops in the field and those on their way .
The war on terror we fight today is a generational struggle that will continue long after you and I have turned our duties over to others .
And that 's why it 's important to work together , so our nation can see this great effort through .
Both parties and both branches should work in close consultation .
That 's why I 've proposed to establish a special advisory council on the war on terror , made up of leaders in Congress from both political parties .
We will share ideas for how to position America to meet every challenge that confronts us .
We 'll show our enemies abroad that we 're united in the goal of victory .
And one of the first steps we can take together is to add to the ranks of our military , so that the American armed forces are ready for all of the challenges ahead .
Tonight I ask the Congress to authorize an increase in the size of our active Army and Marine Corps by 92,000 in the next five years .
A second task we can take on together is to design and establish a volunteer civilian reserve corps .
Such a corps would function much like our military reserve .
Such a corps would function much like our military reserve .
It would ease the burden on the armed forces by allowing us to hire civilians with critical skills to serve on missions abroad when America needs them .
It would give people across America who do not wear the uniform a chance to serve in the defining struggle of our time .
Americans can have confidence in the outcome of this struggle because we are not in this struggle alone .
We have a diplomatic strategy that is rallying the world to join in the fight against extremism .
In Iraq , multnational forces are operating under a mandate from the United Nations .
We 're are working with Jordan and Saudi Arabia and Egypt and the Gulf States to increase support for Iraq 's government .
The United Nations has imposed sanctions on Iran and made it clear that the world will not allow the regime in Tehran to acquire nuclear weapons .
With the other members of the quartet -- the U.N. , the European Union and Russia -- we are pursuing diplomacy to help bring peace to the Holy Land and pursuing the establishment of a democratic Palestinian state living side-by-side with Israel in peace and security .
