And oranges , lemon , limes will soon cost you more .
A wintry blast hits the groves ahead in the NEWSROOM.
Slipping and a sliding from coast to coast .
Ice , snow , freezing rain , bitter cold making for another miserable day across a big part of the country .
Not much comfort here .
This is Comfort , Texas .
That town , many others in the Lone Star State paralyzed by a blast of ice and snow .
A 300 mile stretch of Interstate-10 shut down after snow started falling on a layer of ice .
In the Pacific Northwest , schools and businesses across western Oregon shut down .
The state legislature called off its session .
And the snow and ice called a rash of traffic accidents .
More misery in the Midwest .
Nearly a foot of snow has fallen so far on parts of Indiana .
And in New Hampshire , a struggle just to stay warm .
Thousands of homes and businesses still without power after Monday 's ice storm there .
And frozen fruit .
The cold snap in California taking a bite out of the citrus crop which could mean higher prices for you .
CNN 's Greg Hunter takes a look .
These frozen oranges may lead to some chilling prices for consumers this winter .
California officials fear that up to three-quarters of the state 's citrus crop has been destroyed by this week 's cold weather .
We do n't really know exactly what the financial damage is yet , but we know that it is probably close to -- just the citrus industry alone , close to $ 1 billion .
Some California citrus growers say the market may not recover this year .
Richard Pidduck has an 80-acre lemon and avocado farm in Santa Paula ( ph ) .
He says the freeze has already cost him hundreds of thousands of dollars in lost crops .
This avocado , instead of being guacamole for some nice customer somewhere in the country is going to be on the ground and maybe feed a bear or one of my dogs .
The growers have been using every method they know to save their crops .
A.G.
KAWAMURA , CALIF.
FOOD & AG .
SECY. : Many area that temperature just goes a little too low or the wind machine , the helicopters , the irrigation systems , and they ca n't bring that temperature up enough to save the crop .
It 's simple supply and demand .
With less fruit available , this $ 1 orange could end up costing you $ 2.
I expect , like , maybe 50 percent to 100 percent increase .
The last time California was hit by such a deep freeze was in 1998 .
Prices for navel oranges jumped 40 percent .
These days many suppliers get their citrus from other countries , like Brazil , helping to offset high prices caused by such a freeze .
But even with high prices , some consumers wo n't change their produce shopping habits so quickly .
UNIDENTIFIED MAL
I probably still buy it , but maybe not in the amount that I normally do .
Officials and growers say it 's too soon to tell just how bad the damage is , how many crops were lost , and whether the cold has harmed the citrus trees , not just the fruit that grows on them .
