Really ?
... yes .
Food is one of the many attractions at Google , from food to fitness .
Google has 11 gourmet cafeterias in its Mountain View , California , headquarters ...
Wow .
... plus break rooms stocked with cereal , yogurt , and other snacks .
Susan ?
Yes ?
You know what they call it here at the CNN Center ?
What ?
The freshman 25 , because of the cafeteria .
I think you 're eating too much fried food there .
And you know about that place downstairs , right ?
Yes .
Very convenient .
That 's a satellite dish , right ?
Yes .
There you go .
Yes .
Right .
LISOVIC
Yes , I have frequented that as well .
The company offers , as you noted , some entertainment , a Wi-Fi-enabled shuttled bus service , on-site car washes , laundry services and gyms to work off that Google 15 .
And Google employees are eligible for cash rewards in everything from referring a friend for paying for takeout food after having a baby .
And , if you miss your dog , by the way , no problem .
You can bring him or her with you .
Google allows pets on a temporary basis .
The policies seem to be paying off .
Google is just eight years old , but it 's expected to surpass $ 10 billion in sales for '06 .
And its stock , which debuted at $ 85 less than two-and-a-half years ago , now trades at nearly $ 500 a share .
So , that 's nice for your 401(k ) , too , right ?
Yes .
I know our bosses are listening , and they feel very guilty .
And they 're going to do all the same things that Google ...
Yes .
... is doing right there .
You should see Kyra 's face .
She 's like , oh , my Gosh , must be nice .
I 'm Dan Simon at the Macworld Conference in San Francisco .
Well , it 's called the iPhone , and it is Apple 's entry into the cell phone market .
We will tell you about it coming up after the break .
Hello everyone .
I 'm Kyra Phillips in the CNN World Headquarters in Atlanta .
And I 'm Don Lemon .
December 21st , 1970 , a day that will live in pop culture infamy and we 've got the story from the man who was there .
If you do n't stick around for this , you ai n't nothing but a hound dog .
You are live in the CNN NEWSROOM
Well , we start with this .
A new front in America 's war on terror or in al Qaeda 's jihad .
Somalia may be both .
You just want proof of that , listen to the latest terror tapes our senior editor of Arab Affairs has for us .
Octavia Nasr joins us now .
Airstrikes over the weekend and now these tapes .
What are they saying ?
You know , the intelligence community of course is not surprised -- this makes perfect sense .
Of course , as our Barbara Starr has been reporting all day , information saying that U.S. intelligence with African intelligence have led to belief that target was , indeed , a place where al Qaeda members have been meeting .
But all we needed to do is really go back to the tapes from al Qaeda leader , Osama bin Laden , back in June of 2006 , and also a message from Ayman al-Zawahiri , the number two man in al Qaeda , which was posted on the internet only a week ago at the beginning of this year .
