Hi , everybody .
I 'm Heidi Collins at the CNN Center in Atlanta .
More of YOUR WORLD TODAY in just a few moments .
But first , we want to check the headlines making news here in the U.S.
Severe weather tearing across the South today .
In Louisiana , residents in shock after tornadoes tore through the southern part of their state .
Roofs were ripped off .
Mobile homes were heavily damaged .
At least two people were killed , 15 others injured .
One uplifting piece of news , though , three children who were missing after the storm blew through have now been found .
A state of emergency has been declared in four parishes .
Today , residents are being warned about the possibility of flash flooding .
Rob Marciano 's in the weather center now to keep track of it all .
Personnel changes ahead of a major announcement on Iraq .
President Bush announcing shifts in his diplomatic and intelligence lineups .
Mike McConnell is his pick to be director of National Intelligence , replacing John Negroponte , who is in line to become deputy secretary of state .
The past 20 months , I believe that our intelligence community has embraced the challenge of functioning as a single unified enterprise and reaffirmed the fact that it is the best intelligence community in the world .
Second to none .
Some military moves also in the works .
According to two high-ranking military sources , Admiral William Fallon has been tabbed to replace General John Abizaid as top commander in the Middle East .
Fallon currently overseas U.S. forces in the Pacific .
And according to one of those sources , Lieutenant General David Petraeus has been chosen to replace General George Casey as chief commander in Iraq .
The moves come as the president finalizes his new Iraq plan .
New Congress , new business .
The Democratic-controlled House flexing muscle on pocketbook items and ethics .
This , as new House Speaker Nancy Pelosi weighs in on word the president may send thousands more troops into Iraq .
Madam Speaker , congratulations .
Hi .
Thank you .
Do you support a surge in U.S. troops in Iraq ?
No.
Democrats have been pushing to get troops out of Iraq .
The new leadership says any plan to send more U.S. troops to Iraq will get a cool reception .
Ken Barnes ' dream , sail solo around the world .
But that dream turned into a nightmare .
A violent storm left his 44-foot yacht adrift at sea for three days .
Then today a fishing boat came to his aid off the coast of Chile .
Barnes ' girlfriend and twin daughters are delaying their celebrations until he gets home .
I think it 's just because I 'm tired and I 'm -- have n't had much , you know , sleep at all .
And I 'm hungry and my stomach is still in knots .
I wo n't feel totally good until I can actually see his picture and I can hear his voice .
It was really scary .
It was hard to hear him in pain and wanting to come home , because that 's not like him at all .
He 's a very strong person .
And he would n't have done this trip if he was n't certain that he could do it .
So with the weather , that 's the only thing that stopped him .
