You know , I 'm not with this legacy business .
It 's not my job to decide these things , and frankly what I say about it -- you guys will have your comments on it .
All I know is what I believe in , and I believe that these issues that we put upfront at Gleneagles -- climate change , the biggest long-term threat to our environment and planet , and Africa , the biggest moral cause , I think , in the world today - are things that I believe in passionately .
And I will carry on working to promote them , before I leave office and after I leave office .
Time for break right now .
But when we come back -- after being expelled by Idi Amin decades ago , Asians are now back in Uganda and making their mark on the business world .
Stay with us .
Hello again .
You 're watching INSIDE AFRICA from Johannesburg , South Africa .
Some of ( inaudible ) recently accelerated trade and investments with Asia holds a lot of promise for Africa 's economic growth .
One of the biggest investors is China .
Political connections between China and some African nations have been strong since Cold War days , but it 's the trade ties that are exciting Beijing and dozens of African capitals .
China sees Africa as a major source of its future oil needs , and is aggressively courting all rich African nations .
In fact , official Chinese figures report that trade between China and African nations jumped a record 39 percent in the first 10 months of last year .
Asians influence on the continent is not new .
In Uganda , for instance , Asians have played a very important role , which came to an end during the rule of Idi Amin .
But Asian entrepreneurs are now back in Uganda , and once more helping to push the economy forward .
Nick Valencia reports from Kampala .
Winston Churchill called Uganda the pearl of Africa .
And the Asians who arrived there in the days of the British Empire quickly became its leading entrepreneurs .
They became a thriving community of 80,000 professionals , merchants and farmers .
And they were very instrumental in the establishment of the new order , and their history was inextricably linked with the history of Uganda .
But that all ended in 1972 , one year after dictator Idi Amin seized power .
Amin said that God had spoken to him in a dream and had told him to expel the Asians .
Amin 's dream quickly became Ugandan Asians ' worst nightmare .
I still remember once we went to ( inaudible ) and we found some dead bodies there .
So that kind of things were creating the kind of terror in the minds of the people .
So it was a very confused environment , as I said .
You see , it was all uncertainties .
You were not sure what was going to happen to you .
The expulsion came as a surprise because many Ugandan Asians considered themselves friends of Amin .
His decision to expel them was intended to shift economic power away from foreigners and into the hands of Africans .
But Uganda 's economy crumbled .
