But I also believe that when you are attacked , you have to deck your opponent .
Senator Hillary Clinton may be the last of the big name pillars to show up in Iowa , but when she finally got here , it was , at ever level , a tour de force .
This was not your standard have a cup of coffee with a dozen people in the living room kind of campaigning one generally sees in Iowa .
Rarely , if ever , have so many shown up so early with so much enthusiasm .
I stopped at the overflow room and another gymnasium and the principal told me there were a thousand people there .
And I was so sorry that they could n't get in here , but we would have had to layer people on top of you .
I did n't think that was a good idea .
She packed them into a high school gym to converse on subjects ranging from foster care -- she favors nationalized regulations -- to health care .
She wants universal coverage .
She talked about being a woman .
I do n't think I 'm the only woman here who feels that sometimes you have to work even harder .
She talked about whether the country is ready for a woman president .
I do n't think we 'll know until we try .
I was very impressed with her presentation .
I was impressed with how she handled the questions and her -- the topic .
Her celebrity status serves her well , drawing in the crowds , pumping up the volume .
But the polls show she has work to do outside this room of the entranced .
Several Iowa state polls in past months have shown Clinton running behind John Edwards .
Clinton aides attribute that to the fact that she has not been in the state and Edwards has been here many times .
There is , of course , plenty of time for her to make up that gap .
It is just about , Rick , one year until the Iowa caucuses .
I almost think , Candy , she 'd have like the Super Bowl effect .
You know all those people who never watch a football game during the entire season , but then they sit down to watch the Super Bowl at the end of the season ?
Yes .
People who are maybe not in for politics , but , boy , if she 's in town , you know Hillary Clinton is going to gather a crowd .
I guess the question then would be because they show up and she 'll always gather a big crowd , will that translate into big votes ?
No, absolutely not .
And you 're right .
And , in fact , it is -- a lot of the people that I talked to said we 're here to listen .
We have n't made up our minds .
You heard the two people in the piece saying that I was really impressed , but they 're not necessarily ready to vote for her .
There are plenty of people here that come through here , presidential candidates .
And Iowa , like New Hampshire , is one of those places that likes to talk to their candidates several times before they make up their minds .
