But Armstrong and the American Cancer Society do n't agree , saying funding for next year has been cut 30 percent because cancer is n't sexy .
When you come along and you talk about cancer and talk about funding , it 's not , for lack of a better word , it 's not sexy anymore .
But , you know , we can all remember the frenzy around the bird flu .
We can all remember the frenzy around SARS.
People were freaking out .
But what we need now is we need people to re-engage in the fight against cancer .
And that means an Armstrong-led grassroots effort at making the Feds re-engage , like this one on Capitol Hill back in September .
But again those critics , who say celebrity clout sometimes clouds the issue , directing money where it does n't deserve to go .
Take a look .
According to the National Institutes of Health , $ 5.6 billion federal goes toward cancer research .
That compares to $ 2.3 billion for cardiovascular disease , which kills twice as many people in this country , and $ 1.1 million for diabetes , a growing health care crisis in the country .
And as for HIV-AIDS research , that clocks in at $ 2.9 billion .
We are calling for a redistribution of some of that 10 percent that now goes to HIV to other diseases .
But , Wolf , the American Cancer Society says this is n't a contest and there certainly is no denying this -- 1.3 million Americans are diagnosed with cancer every year .
And we know many of them .
Thank you very much , Carol , for that .
So can the Tour de France champion win this uphill race and get the federal government to increase cancer funding ?
And joining us now is Lance Armstrong .
Lance , thanks very much for coming in .
Thanks for what you 're doing .
Absolutely .
Thanks for having me , Wolf .
You wrote a piece on CNN.com this week .
It 's got an incredible number of hits .
Among other things what you said is this .
" What are we going to do to effectively fight cancer ?
Millions of Americans with cancer are asking , ' I 'm not known for my patience when it comes to cancer , I hope you are n't , either . '"
What 's going on ?
Tell us what your new initiative is all about .
Well , it 's -- you know , it 's really a 10-year initiative for me .
I mean , I was diagnosed more than 10 years ago .
And , you know , looking back to that day , if you just said to me at the time , you know , what 's cancer going to look like 10 years from now ?
I probably would n't have guessed that it looks the way it does today .
You know , having said that , we 've had success stories .
I mean , I 'm obviously sitting here , came back to win seven tours .
You know , there 's 10 million cancer survivors in this country .
But the fact of the matter is that we lose 600,000 American lives every year to cancer , and so , you know , that is a huge number .
And if that happened on one single day in an act of terrorism , this country would go absolutely crazy .
