And to talk about all the details , some of the stuff that you touched on , T.J. , to talk about details on security at the Port of Miami , our very own Susan Candiotti .
Susan , you have followed lots of stories involving security at the port .
What can you tell us now ?
Well , certainly , they have these routine inspections , as the Coast Guard indicated , as Miami-Dade Police indicated .
They have -- they all have stations , of course , right there at the Port of Miami , be it checking out people who drive onto the port .
They check out the cargo that is coming in from out at sea , checking the manifest before it even enters the port .
So , that might be interesting , in this particular situation , to find out where this cargo came in from , whether it came in from sea , whether it came in by land , and then determine precisely what kind of ship 's merchandise this was .
And we have to keep in mind that , in fact , when they conduct tests for , let 's say , anthrax , for example , or C-4 , there is such a thing as a false positive .
That 's why they 're being very careful .
The -- once the Coast Guard tested it multiple times -- and even though , each time , it tested positive -- they wanted to bring in additional testing .
And , in this case , they brought in bomb-sniffing dogs .
And they did not pick up the same scent .
Yes .
That 's why they are cautiously calling this possible C-4 , as they continue to investigate .
And -- and , Susan , you know what I want to you ask , just to sort of break it down to our viewers , is this -- when they test for C-4 , is this similar to what they do when you go through the airport , and they run the thing across your laptop , or what have you ?
Same sort of testing here , or is this a much more intricate sort of testing system ?
I ca n't answer that for you , precisely .
So , I would ...
OK .
I would rather not get it wrong .
I would rather get it right for you ...
All right .
... in any case .
So , we will -- we will find that out for you , though , and get the answer for you as -- as soon as we can .
Yes .
And that -- you know , pardon me .
That question may be better posed to Mike Brooks , who is our security expert , who can talk to us about that .
But , Susan Candiotti , we appreciate -- we appreciate your insight on all this .
Again , at the Port of Miami , some sort of suspicious device , or device that tested positive for C-4 explosives .
The Miami bomb squad is on the scene .
The Coast Guard is also surrounding the cruise ship there that -- where this was found .
According to someone with the U.S. Coast Guard we just spoke to just a short while ago -- our T.J. Holmes spoke to -- said that it was from products , or merchandise , that was -- that were to be sold on this ship once it got out to sea , apparently to wherever it was going .
