Here is what the president said last night .
We can expect an epic battle between Shia extremists backed by Iran , and Sunni extremists aided by Al Qaida and supporters of the old regime .
The contagion of violence would spill out across the country and , in time , the entire region could be drawn into the conflict .
For America , this is a nightmare scenario .
He was talking about the consequences of failure in Iraq .
Right .
How much responsibility do you have , though -- do you and the administration -- for this potential scenario ?
Well , you know , this is the argument that there would n't be any problem if we had n't gone into Iraq .
Now ...
Well , Saddam Hussein would still be in power .
Saddam Hussein would still be in power .
He would , at this point , be engaged in a nuclear arms race with Ahmadinejad , his blood enemy next door in Iran .
But he was being contained as you well know ...
He was not being contained .
... by the no-fly zones in the north ...
He was not being contained .
... and in the south .
Wolf , the entire sanctions regime had been undermined by Saddam Hussein .
But he did n't have stockpiles of weapons of...
He had corrupted the entire effort to try to keep him contained .
He was bribing senior officials of other governments .
The Oil For Food Program had been totally undermined .
And he had , in fact , produced and used weapons of mass destruction previously , and he retained the capability to produce that kind of stuff in the future .
But that was in the '80s .
You can go back and argue the whole thing all over again , Wolf .
But what we did in Iraq in taking down Saddam Hussein was exactly the right thing to do .
The world is much safer today because of it .
There have been three national elections in Iraq .
There 's a democracy established there , a constitution , a new democratically- elected government .
Saddam has been brought to justice and executed .
His sons are dead .
His government is gone and the world is better off for it .
You can argue about that all you want .
That 's history .
That 's what we did and you and I can have this debate .
We 've had it before .
But the fact of the matter is , in terms of threats to the United States from al-Qaida , for example , attacks on the United States , they did n't need an excuse .
We were n't in Iraq when they hit us on 9/11 .
The fact of the matter was ...
But the current situation there is ...
The fact of the matter was that al-Qaida was out to kill Americans before we ever went into Iraq .
The current situation there is very unstable .
The president himself speaks about a nightmare scenario right now .
He was contained , as you repeatedly said throughout the '90s after the first Gulf War , in a box , Saddam Hussein .
He was , after the first Gulf War , had managed to kick out all the inspectors .
He was providing payments to the families of suicide bombers .
