And there on the ground is our very own Jeanne Meserve .
Hello , Jeanne .
Hi , Don .
The crowds are waiting out of the Grand Rapids airport , where we are expecting the plane carrying President Ford 's remains and his family to land in about a half hour 's time .
We are told that before it lands it will be doing a flyover of the University of Michigan stadium where President Ford played football and a good game of football .
He was offered two contracts with professional teams when he finished up there , but chose instead to go to law school .
Also the University of Michigan band on hand to greet the family and friends and the body when it returns to the airport , that band having appeared at the Rose Bowl yesterday and flown in overnight .
Grand Rapids , we have heard , over and over again in the last few days , very much made this man .
This is where he was raised .
This is where he became an Eagle Scout .
This is where he was elected to Congress 13 times , never with less than 60 percent of the vote .
And this is where he has decided he wants to be buried .
And so the body will be brought here .
There will be a brief ceremony here inside the the museum involving the family , also the president of the University of Michigan , the president of Yale , the governor of the state of Michigan .
And then the body will be left here to lie in repose and the public will be able to come by and pay its respects .
They 're expecting a large crowd .
There has been a condolence book here in the museum since Ford died .
As of last night , 50,000 people had signed it or thereabouts , an indication that not only did Gerald Ford love Grand Rapids , Grand Rapids very much loved Gerald Ford -- Don .
And you mentioned the governor , who else might be attending this event tonight , Jeanne ?
Well , people great and people small .
President Jimmy Carter and his wife are on that plane carrying President Ford 's remains .
They will be here for the ceremonies today .
As I mentioned , the governor will .
But there will also be common folk .
Many years ago , 1930 , President Ford was on the south high football team here in Grand Rapids .
They won the state championship .
There were 30 guys on the team .
They called themselves the 30/30 club .
They have gotten together every year at Thanksgiving , including at the White House when President Ford was president .
And the surviving members of that team will be here today .
One of them is Leon Joslin .
I spoke with him earlier today about his reminiscences of Gerald Ford .
Oh , gosh .
I ca n't say enough about Gerry .
Just a down to earth sort of guy .
From high school on .
And if you were a friend of his , you stayed a friend of his for a long -- for life .
Leon Joslin now 94 years old , one of three surviving members of the 30/30 club .
They will all be here for these ceremonies this afternoon .
Back to you , Don .
