Every week , Jane and Grace drive the dusty and desolate back roads of Baker County in southwest Georgia .
Cotton , peanuts and poverty have long defined this region , which has one of the highest cancer rates in the United States .
Do you have health insurance ?
No.
Jane and Grace 's message is simple : A cancer screening could save your life .
Fear , financial limitations and a growing obesity problem contribute to the cancer crisis in southwest Georgia .
Colon cancer is of particular concern .
It was almost too late for Sally Hammond .
She lives just up the road in Terrell County , which has the highest mortality rate for colon cancer in the country .
Since she was over 60 , Sally 's doctor insisted she get screened for colon cancer .
I was against having this colonoscopy .
But doctors found cancer , dangerously close to spreading .
I really thought I was going to die .
After taking chemotherapy and radiation , Sally is now cancer tree .
The American Cancer Society says nine in 10 colon cancer patients survive , if the cancer caught early .
But early diagnosis happens less than 40 percent of the time .
The survival rate for most cancers increases dramatically if they are detected early .
If you look at the greatest populations at risk and who gets screened the least , it 's poor people .
Dr.
Jim Hotz has practiced medicine for nearly 30 years .
He 's considered one of the leading experts on rural healthcare in the country .
People should n't die from cancer if there 's a way of screening for it and picking it up early .
Picking it up early , to increase the odds of surviving into old age .
Dr.
Sanjay Gupta , CNN, reporting .
And Dr. Gupta will have more stories about saving your life at the top of the hour in a one-hour special report .
Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton says she 's in the race for president .
You may be surprised to find out she once supported a conservative Republican for the job .
That and other facts about Senator Clinton straight ahead .
Also , a complete look at the winter storm forecast .
Long expected and now it 's official .
New York Democratic Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton announced on her Web site today that she is running for president .
I announced today that I 'm forming a presidential exploratory committee .
I 'm not just starting a campaign , though .
I 'm beginning a conversation with you , with America , because we all need to be part of the discussion if we are all going to be part of the solution .
And here are some facts about Senator Clinton that you may not know .
She is the first , first lady to be elected to public office .
Clinton was born into a middle class family in Chicago of 1947 .
She is a graduate of the all-women 's Wellesley College and Yale Law School .
She met Bill Clinton in the Yale Law library .
As a teenager , she worked for Republican president candidate Barry Goldwater and before becoming the nation 's first lady , Mrs. Clinton was a practicing attorney and professor at the University of Arkansas Law School .
