Oh , good .
And , plus , who will strike gold ?
Do n't ever let somebody tell you you ca n't do something .
The awards season officially gets underway with tonight 's Golden Globes .
A look at who may have the inside track , ahead in THE NEWSROOM.
So who did you give those gift cards to this holiday season ?
Your parents ?
Children ?
Your spouse , maybe ?
Well , how about your favorite retailer ?
Ali Velshi is Minding Your Business this morning -- Ali , good morning .
Good morning , Tony .
I do n't give these things .
I do n't get these things .
Yes , I 'm with you .
I 'm with you .
VELSH
But I was surprised to find out about how big a seller they were .
This was the biggest seller this holiday season .
Take a look at this .
It was n't PlayStation 3. It was n't even TMX Tickle Me Elmo .
The hottest gift this past holiday season ca n't be plugged in , played or cuddled .
It was the gift card .
But getting a gift card and actually using it are apparently two different things .
Americans spent $ 82 billion on gift cards in 2006 , according to the research and advisory firm TowerGroup .
We know that most of the cards get used , say about 60 percent get used in the first 30 days they 're received .
OK , so what happens to the other 40 percent ?
Well , some eventually get used , some expire , others get lost or simply forgotten .
TowerGroup estimates that more than $ 8 billion worth of cards bought in 2006 will never be redeemed .
This is n't a gift card specific problem .
Despite the best of intentions , gym memberships go unused , too .
Imagine what would happen if you got a gift card to the gym ?
And , by the way , like gym memberships , when you do n't use your gift card , the company wins .
A large example is Best Buy , who was able to actuarially show that , over the course of three years , large numbers of these did not get used and they were able to recoup them into their revenue stream .
That was a $ 40 million gift for Best Buy courtesy of the lazy , forgetful American consumer .
$ 40 million for Home Depot , as well .
$ 30 million for Limited Brands , which owns Victoria 's Secret and some other companies .
Now , I do n't mean anything by calling the American consumer lazy and forgetful .
I 'm totally one of them .
I routinely find these little gift cards in my closets and drawers and do n't even know what they 're for or how much -- I actually just took one the other day to J. Crew and said what 's on this card ?
Exactly .
Exactly .
But I have to ask you , what -- what can you do if someone gives you one of these gift cards and to a store that you do n't care for ?
Or it is n't close to you or something like that ?
I hear you .
I 've got those .
HARRI
Yes .
You can regift them , I suppose .
In some of my research I found -- I found some Web sites where you can actually swap these things or trade them in .
I make no warrantee as to what they are ...
