Our justice correspondent , Kelli Arena , has more on opening statements in Libby 's perjury and obstruction of justice trial -- Kelli .
Wolf , the government came out swinging right from the start today , alleging that Louis " Scooter " Libby lied about conversations he had about former covert CIA operative Valerie Plame .
Prosecutor Patrick Fitzgerald told jurors the defendant knowingly and intentionally lied to the FBI .
He says this is not a case of bad memory and not a case of forgetfulness .
In fact , Fitzgerald even played an audiotape of Libby 's testimony before the grand jury .
That is a very unusual move .
Of course , he says this is going to help prove his case .
Libby 's defense , of course , arguing the exact opposite .
Ted Wells , who is Libby 's lawyer , told jurors that Libby was asked about conversations he had about Valerie Plame Wilson months after the fact , that he 's known for having a notoriously bad memory .
Wells told jurors that the case is a weak paper thin , circumstantial he said/she said type of case .
Wells argued that Libby had absolutely no motive to lie , and , in fact , he suggests that Libby was being used as a scapegoat to protect someone who was far more essential to the White House , namely Karl Rove .
And so , Wolf , the airing of the dirty laundry begins .
The trial is going to last to at least a month , Wolf .
And this is just day one -- back to you .
All right , Kelli , at the courthouse .
Thank you for that .
Whoa , what a bombshell that is .
We 're going to stay on top of this trial and watch it for you every day and update you on what is going on .
Tonight , the president will do something he has not had to do during his presidency -- actually stand before a Congress in which both houses are controlled by Democrats .
Let 's get more from our senior analyst , Jeff Greenfield -- Jeff .
Wolf , suppose you 're the president who has to describe the State of the Union to a Congress controlled by the other party ?
What do you do ?
Well , most post-war presidents have found themselves in this position .
And here is what some of them did .
Mr.
President , Mr. Speaker , members of the Congress of the United States ...
Well , you can start off on a light note , as Harry Truman did in 1947 , speaking to a less than enthralled Republican majority .
It looks like a good many of you have moved over to the left since I was here last .
Or as Bill Clinton did in 1995 .
If we agree on nothing else tonight , we must agree that the American people certainly voted for change in 1992 and in 1994 .
As I look out at you , I know how some of you must have felt in 1992 .
If you 're in trouble over a burgeoning crisis , as Ronald Reagan was in 1987 over Iran-Contra , just after the Senate went Democratic , you can offer a forthright apology .
I have one major regret .
I took a risk with regard to our action in Iran .
It did not work .
And , for that , I assume full responsibility .
