Sorry to interrupt .
We 're hearing we just have video now , a similar tactic that Senator Barack Obama used on his Web site .
This is some video from Senator Hillary Clinton 's Web site .
A videotape message from her . Lets listen .
I announced today that I 'm forming a Presidential Exploratory Committee .
I 'm not just starting a campaign though ; I 'm beginning conversation with you , with America , because we all need to be part of the discussion if we 're all going to be part of the solution .
And all of us have to be part of the solution .
Let 's talk about how to bring the right end to the war in Iraq and to restore respect for America around the world , how to make us energy independent and free of foreign oil , how to end the deficits that threatens Social Security and Medicare .
And let 's definitely talk about how every American can have quality affordable health care .
You know , after six years of George Bush , it is time to renew the promise of America .
Our basic bargain that no matter who you are or where you live , if you work hard and play by the rules , you can build a good life for yourself and your family .
I grew up in a middle class family in the middle of America , and we believed in that promise .
I still do .
I 've spent my entire life trying to make good on it .
Whether it was fighting for women 's basic rights or children 's basic health care , protecting our Social Security or protecting our soldiers , it 's a kind of basic bargain , and we 've got to keep up .
Video now is just cutting out as we try to download more of it , Candy .
I 'm not sure if you had a chance to see it , but it 's Senator Hillary Clinton .
She 's on a couch .
Sort of a nice neutral- colored living room , a nice lamp on behind her , some soft lighting .
She 's kind of reclining very comfortably .
What do you make of that sort of image she 's trying to project on this message ?
Well , clearly , you know , you hit it .
It 's sort of the warm image , just a comfortable chat between you and me , and my supporters .
And , again , what 's interesting , we got a little bit of the vision thing and a little bit of the biography .
So it is officially launched .
Those are the first two things that you do , regardless of whether you call this an exploratory committee or a campaign .
It 's a done deal .
Also interesting , her saying , you and I have to have a conversation .
Again , this is a mirror of her fight for the U.S. Senate seat from New York , where she did , if you recall , a listening tour .
So expect Hillary Clinton to be in Iowa , where she has n't gone , and New Hampshire , where she has n't gone , and begin what will essentially mirror her listening tour from the Senate .
So we understand , Senator Barack Obama will be officially announcing whether or not he 's going to run on February 10th .
How do you think that will play with Senator Clinton ?
Will it play ?
Are they going to be sort of competing for the spotlight here ?
