They sure do .
Let 's talk about what 's happening in America this morning .
In California , Norovirus is striking again .
This time it 's on the Queen Elizabeth 2 , which is now docked in San Francisco .
The QE2 was on a global cruise when more than 300 of the 1,600 passengers on board and some members of the crew , too , came down with the stomach virus .
That virus is highly contagious .
Well , it spread right through all those passengers .
Right now the Centers for Disease Control says only four passengers are still sick .
At the St . Louis Auto Show , a big rewards for that 15-year-old boy whose tip helped police find the two missing boys in Missouri .
Mitchell Hults .
Look at this .
Here 's why he has a big smile on his face today .
He is the new owner of a new Dodge Ram pickup .
That 's courtesy of DaimlerChrysler .
Hults , you 'll remember , provided that crucial tip that he noticed the white pickup near the spot where Ben Ownby was last seen .
And it was that tip that eventually helped find both Ownby and Shawn Hornbeck .
Might be a new millionaire in Missouri .
Somebody is holding a Powerball ticket worth $ 254 million .
Only one ticket matched all six numbers .
There has not been a top winner in the multi-state Powerball game since last November .
Tiger Woods , eat your heart out .
Take a look at this .
This is AJ the parakeet .
Watch AJ playing golf .
Yes , his owner spent months -- there you go .
What a beautiful shot .
Plays like Miles .
No, I would miss it .
Spent months training him on a miniature golf putting green .
Oh , and he does basketball , too .
Yes , he does .
And gymnastics .
And he can play dead apparently as well .
That AJ.
That 's that a triple threat , quadruple threat ?
I think he is .
Oh , I like that move there , too .
All right .
Very talented ( ph ) .
That 's an owner with a lot of time on his hands .
Yes , I should say .
Not to sound like a broken record , but the Dow broke another record .
Twenty-five minutes past the hour , Carrie Lee in for Ali Velshi .
Good morning , Carrie .
Good morning to you , Miles .
That 's right , another record on the Dow , so good news here for the bulls closing at 12,621 points last night .
And it 's looking like a slightly bullish start for this morning 's session as well with technology stocks leading the way thanks , in large part , to eBay .
Last night the company blew past Wall Street estimates .
Profits up 24 percent during the quarter .
During the holiday season , over 81 million registered users exchanged over $ 14 billion worth of goods .
So eBay shares gained 5 percent during the session yesterday ahead of the report and then added another 13 percent after hours .
So that 's going to be a hot stock to watch today .
Also , after 95 years , Crisco is going on a diet .
The company 's shortening products will now have zero grams of transfat per serving .
That 's well below the FDA guidelines .
Of course , last month , New York City was the first city to ban transfats in its restaurants and fast food outlets .
And , Miles , other cities are considering a similar measure .
