Hi , Tony .
I 'm in a passenger loading area at one of the concourses at Hartsfield-Jackson .
A storm came through very quickly within the last half-hour .
About a half-hour ago , there were planes landing and taking off with just a dark line in the distance .
And all of a sudden , it just blew in , sheets of rain , heavy wind .
A lot of planes just stayed on the ground .
It came through as quickly as it arrived .
And right now , they 're starting to board flights again .
Flight delays , but at the world 's busiest airport they do n't like to delay very long .
Yes .
They did , however , tell people to move away from the windows in the passenger concourses at one point .
And a lot of travelers that I saw , very blase about it , might have inched back just a bit , but stayed right where they were .
Any sense on what kind of travel delays we 're talking about here ?
As we know , living in this area , I mean , these storms do come in .
They tend to move quickly .
They pop .
They really explode , in some cases .
And then they move out just as quickly .
What kind of delays are we talking about now ?
I looked at the departure board just a moment ago , Tony , and it just seemed that fairly minor delays at this point .
At least that 's what they 're reporting .
More of a bottleneck at this point than anything else .
A lot of the on-time indicators .
I went to a sign that said " At gate , " but it did n't say , you know , " Big delay " or " New time " or anything like that .
Yes .
They 're trying to get them through and out of here as fast as they can .
And flights that are coming in are being landed as quickly as possible .
Well , that was my next question .
Any indication from the officials there at Hartsfield that planes were actually diverted around this storm ?
Have n't had a chance to talk to the officials here at Hartsfield .
OK .
But it appears that they were getting a lot of folks in , particularly flights that were coming in as the storm was moving .
They may have held them up just a bit .
Yes .
There were planes taxiing just as the storm passed through .
And Denis , it sounds like people there at the gates understand that this is a storm , it happens all the time .
And , you know , you just sort of take it in stride .
You take it in stride , you wait , and then you hurry out .
And then you hurry out .
All right .
Denis O'Hayre for us from WXIA , one of our affiliate stations here in Atlanta .
Denis , appreciate it .
Thank you .
Thank you , Tony .
A new sitcom with a twist .
Take a look at this .
What 's the charge , flying while Muslim ?
" Little Mosque on the Prairie , " a real show that could really touch a nerve .
Tune in , in the NEWSROOM.
Troops with trinkets .
A look at what U.S. soldiers bring along on their missions in the NEWSROOM.
( COMMERCIAL BREAK)
