Also , a long-awaited new strategy that we are going to be talking about as we shift our new focus as well on Iraq , a strategy from the president , when , where and what .
We 'll look at that .
We 'll be right back .
Stay with us .
We welcome you back to the CNN NEWSROOM.
In Baghdad today Iraq 's much maligned army took the fight to the insurgents .
The government says 30 insurgents were killed in a Sunni enclave in major firefight .
Just this morning Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al Maliki announced his forces will take the lead in a military push in the capital .
Protecting the people should be the Iraqi armed forces responsibility and the weapons must be only in the hands of our armed forces and we will not permit anyone to act as a replacement to the sovereign government , such as militias and we will fight them .
So the obvious question now , what is the United States role ?
What is going to happen here , from our perspective ?
Coming up this week , the long-awaited plan by the president to turn the tide in Iraq , or try to .
The centerpiece is expected to be an infusion of U.S. troops .
Here 's CNN 's Elaine Quijano .
With Democrats now in control of Congress , President Bush in his weekly radio address stressed cooperation on domestic issues , but he steered clear of Iraq .
I 'm confident that we can find common ground in our efforts to serve our fellow citizens and to move our country forward .
Saturday morning the president huddled with top members of his national security team .
Among those spotted at the White House , the outgoing director of national intelligence , John Negroponte , defense secretary Robert Hates , and secretary of state Condoleezza Rice .
Though a National Security Council spokesman described the meeting as part of regular and ongoing discussions , it came just days before the president is expected to unveil his new Iraq policy .
It also came amid new political pressure from Democratic leaders in Congress .
For the second day in a row , Senate majority leader Harry Reid launched a pre-emptive strike , arguing against the most talked about option the president is considering , a temporary surge of thousands of U.S. forces .
Based on the advice of current and former military leaders we believe this tactic would be a serious mistake .
These military professionals say there is no purely military solution in Iraq , there 's only a political solution in Iraq .
White House press secretary Tony Snow acknowledged the Democrats ' opposition to a surge but he also challenged Democrats to offer other ideas .
Not only do we want to hear what they want to say but if they have alternative plans and views we 're interested in hearing that as well .
As for a time frame on an Iraq announcement that 's expected to come in a prime time presidential address to the nation Wednesday or Thursday .
Elaine Quijano , CNN, the White House .
This is CNN breaking news .
And the breaking news in case you have n't heard looks like this .
Those are two different tracks that you 're looking there of what is an avalanche , a slide , if you will .
It has basically taken over what is I-40 , that 's I-40 right there .
It is about 15 feet high as you look at it and there were cars that happened to be going down that road at the time and those cars were very , very much affected by this .
