Well , in the overall situation ?
Yes .
I do n't think it will , because the force is too small in the Baghdad area , and it relies too heavily on Iraqi efficiency in carrying this out .
And we 're going to have a lot of people scattered in little penny packets all over the city , packed with Iraqi forces .
And I doubt if that 's actually going to have the clearing effect in Baghdad that we expect it will have .
So,what 's going to happen over the next six months ?
Over the next six months , I think the United States government will come to the realization that Prime Minister Maliki cannot deliver on the some of things that he has in fact told them he 's going to be able to do , and we might well have change of government in Iraq .
A change , would that be good ?
It 's probably another government which also cannot deliver on promises it might make the United States , because any government there that is Shia in character has to depend on the Shia parties and militias for its support .
So , they ca n't fight these people in the long run .
What the American public wants to know is , the vulnerability , what 's going to happen to 160,000 or so American troops in Iraq over the next six months to a year ?
Over the next year , I would say that we 're going to have a situation which will not improve markedly .
But we will still have approximately the same number of people in Iraq .
And , a year from now , say , in the middle of '08 , we will be facing a situation in which that things will not have greatly improved .
Retired U.S. Army Colonel Pat Lang speaking with me earlier .
Up ahead tonight : He once was an ardent defender of President Bush 's war in Iraq .
Now he 's breaking ranks and may be eying the White House -- the former New York Governor George Pataki here in THE SITUATION ROOM.
And the Academy Awards may love Al Gore , but not one Seattle school district that slapped a ban on his global warming film , a chilly reception -- ahead in culture wars .
We will be right back .
The CNN Political Ticker always has the latest political news -- tonight , the ticker reporting that the former New York Governor George Pataki is breaking ranks with President Bush when it comes to Iraq .
We talked about it just a short while ago right here in THE SITUATION ROOM.
So , are you breaking ranks with the president right now and splitting with him on this troop surge , this buildup ?
I 'm offering a different path .
And I just saw where there 's anti-war protests .
There are Democrats saying , get out now .
The president says we need to surge .
What I am trying to do is offer a way forward that can bring Americans together .
We are facing a very , very important global struggle , the Islamic jihadists who have attacked us in the past and want to do it again .
We ca n't disengage from this war without raising the risk of more attacks here in America .
