They 're very , very concerned about the notion that Saddam , the mass murderer , emerges from this with a certain sort of credit for his dignity and courage and that they , the victim community , all of this emerges as kind of bullying thugs .
We have 10 seconds .
Nuri al-Maliki says to " The Wall Street Journal " he hates his job , the prime minister .
How much longer do you think he can survive ?
Well , he may be saying that in anticipation of what he has long anticipated , that the United States will get tougher , that they will finally tire of him , and that some kind of parliamentary coup will be mounted against him .
It 's not impossible .
That could happen and that he could be out fairly quickly .
John Burns doing some excellent reporting , as usual , for us .
John Burns of " The New York Times . "
Thank you very much .
Be careful over there in Baghdad .
And the White House is responding to those recent reports that the Iraqi prime minister is growing weary of the demands of his job .
Today the White House Press Secretary Tony Snow faced that question and had this answer .
Prime Minister Maliki says that he wishes he could leave office before his term is over and that he would n't run again .
Does the president think that he 's still the right man for the job ?
Look , he 's the dually elected leader of the Iraqi people .
Yes , but he is a man that says he wishes he could get out of there .
Well , you know , again , I 've read the stories .
I do n't have any further context on that .
And , so , no further comment on it .
According to yesterday 's " Wall Street Journal , " in a recent interview with the newspaper , the Iraqi prime minister said he is growing tired of the exhaustive demands of the job .
And he added this , and I 'll quote , according to the journal , " I wish I could be done with it . "
This story is just moving , coming in from the " Associated Press " here into the situation room .
Government official telling the AP that the national intelligence director John Negroponte will resign that position to become deputy secretary of state .
The No. 2 official at the state department , Condoleezza Rice 's deputy .
No word on any explanation , why he would give up that position running the U.S. intelligence community to become the No. 2 official of the State Department .
But we 'll watch this story , get more information to you as it becomes available .
AP reporting Negroponte will resign to become deputy secretary of state .
No word yet on who might replace him .
Up ahead tonight right here in THE SITUATION ROOM , the hand of evil taking a terrible toll .
The evangelist Pat Robertson shares a dire prediction with his followers .
We 'll tell you what it is .
Also ahead , if you had to make a dangerous split-second life or death decision to save the life of a stranger , what would you do ?
We have the tale of one New Yorker who now knows what he would do .
You 're going to want to see this incredible , powerful story .
Stay with us .
You 're in THE SITUATION ROOM.
