Children change rapidly .
If a child disappears at five and now they are 10 , that growth period is huge .
So it 's very critical that , you know , we get somewhat of a vision of what they might look like .
Ben Ownby , missing only since Monday , was part of the database , too .
The call center received 20 tips about him .
His poster provided information about a white pickup truck seen in the area when Ben disappeared .
In a basic way it says that Nissan was written on the upper right hand side of the tailgate .
It was very damaged .
It was very rusted .
It also had a trailer on the back .
So this pickup truck was not your basic , you know , clean cut , white pickup truck .
So that type of information is critical when you 're trying to find a missing child .
That information was critical in Ben 's case and was provided by a fellow student on Ben 's school bus .
ERNIE ALLEN , CENTER FOR MISSING & EXPLOITED CHILDRE
That boy is a hero .
And our message is that every day , average people doing average things are accomplishing great things and saving lives just by paying attention .
That really is the message here this weekend .
The National Center for Missing & Exploited Children wants the public to pay attention .
Go to missingkids.com ,
poke around , see if there are any kind of cases there where you could contribute , 1-800-THE-LOST is the tip line here .
And , Rick , they 're just absolutely convinced that what happened this weekend is solid evidence that happy endings are possible if , as Mr. Allen said , people just pay attention .
You do n't want to be a busybody and you do n't want to be snooping into your neighbor 's business .
But at the same time , it is important to look for little signs , I imagine .
In this case , we had a young man living there for several years .
He did n't give any outward signs of anything , it seemed , at this point .
So is there a guidebook or something that people could read when they go to this Web site to find out what they need to look for ?
You know , Mr. Allen said in the particular case of this suspect he thought it was pretty typical , that in cases like this , the suspected offenders actually do blend in very easily .
Yes .
And , as you know , neighbors in the apartment complex where Shawn was staying said yes , they saw him out there .
They thought he was with his dad pitching a tent .
Right .
Mr.
Allen really focused in .
Just pay attention for anything unusual and if you have any suspicions at all , try to get involved .
Right .
It does n't hurt just to have a suspicion and maybe tell somebody .
If it does n't check out , fine .
That 's good stuff .
Mr.
Nurenberg , thank you so much for bringing it to us .
The latest on the two boys who were found and reaction from their families .
Plus , how often are kids kidnapped ?
And who are -- this goes back to the conversation we just had with Gary Nurenberg -- who are the usual suspects ?
