Jack Anderson has scored a final victory against the government .
After the muckraking columnist died , the FBI touched off an uproar by trying to seize his private papers to look for classified documents .
Anderson 's family fought back , and this week the FBI backed off .
The reaction from Anderson 's son Kevin , " As my father would have said , when the media shines the light on the government 's wrongdoing , the cockroaches go scurrying for cover . "
For weeks now , Michelle Malkin and other conservative bloggers have been hammering The Associated Press over the use of an Iraqi source for a story on the burning and shooting of six people during an attack on a Sunni mosque .
The AP said the source was a police captain named Jamil Hussein .
But both U.S. and Iraqi officials doubted the man 's existence , and critics questioned when the wire service had fabricated the source , and maybe even asked for a retraction .
But this week , Iraq 's Interior Ministry said there is a police officer named Jamil Hussein and that he faces arrest for talking to the media without permission .
AP executive editor Kathleen Carroll told "Editor and Publisher , " " I never quite understood why people chose to disbelieve us about this particular man on this particular story . "
And some print journalism news this week .
" TIME" magazine moved up to Friday publication , leaving the traditional Monday to " Newsweek " and " U.S. News , " in what managing editor Rick Stengel called an effort to help shape the media agenda .
A midweek deadline is a gamble , though and this week " TIME" missed Nancy Pelosi 's swearing in as speaker .
And " The Wall Street Journal " is sounding more like " TIME , " promising that 80 percent of its stories will now be analysis and interpretation , with more scoops broken on the Web.
" The Journal " shrunk to a smaller size this week , and while the space for news looks cramped to me , the once great paper , with a hat tip to " USA Today , " is a lot more colorful .
I 'm still having trouble getting used to how light it feels .
Coming up in our second half hour , " The New York Times " on the pornography beat .
Are newspapers covering a thriving business or selling smut ?
Plus , presidents and the press , why Gerald Ford may have been the last chief executive to get along well with reporters .
That 's all after a check of the hour 's top stories from the CNN Center in Atlanta .
Welcome back to RELIABLE SOURCES.
The country said good-bye this week to Gerald Ford , as journalists continued to heap praise on the 38th president .
In fact , those speaking at the National Cathedral memorial service were the current president , a former president , a former secretary of state , and NBC 's Tom Brokaw , who says Ford called him last year and asked him to deliver a eulogy .
I think it is testimony to the relationship that he did have with the press corps .
We were adversaries , not enemies .
We challenged him , we were persistent , but he tolerated us .
And he more than -- he understood what our role was .
