Well , good morning to you .
This was the sixth of the six bills that Congress said they wanted to pass in the first hundred hours .
This one was about royalty relief .
Now what this means is that , you know , with oil at $ 50 a barrel , it seems very low to us .
But back in the late '90s , it was about $ 11 a barrel .
And the U.S. was concerned that the companies drilling in the Gulf of Mexico were going to stop drilling because it was sort of more expensive to explore and produce oil than it was to sell it .
So they said that the companies do n't have to pay royalties to the government to lease the space on which they drill until oil went up above 30 bucks a barrel .
Except that a couple of those contracts , those leases that were signed in the late '90s , were -- they were sort of missing that clause that said when oil goes back up they would have to pay .
So , a number of companies have been getting away without paying royalties while oil has been $ 50 , $ 60 , $ 70 , $ 78 a barrel .
Well , a few of those companies have agreed that going forward they 'll pay those royalties , but the back pay , forget it .
So that 's what the Democrats did .
They put in a law to say that they get to -- get to get that money back .
Now , the oil companies have n't been loving that .
We got some responses from them .
ExxonMobil , for instance , has -- as part of its response -- said , " Once a contract is signed , do n't violate it . "
The one on the screen , Shell , " This will also cost U.S. jobs , make U.S. industry less competitive , and penalize millions of workers who have oil and gas stocks in their retirement plan . "
And this one , we do n't have a screen for it , but it 's just come in from ConocoPhillips , saying that they 're disappointed in the vote , which was more about lawmakers making a political statement than about creating an energy policy that addresses consumers ' needs .
The bottom line here , T.J. , is that the oil companies are telling the U.S. government , do n't put all sorts of onerous taxes or -- you know , do n't put charges on us , do n't take money away from us , because we 'll go to friendlier waters , perhaps , and America needs all the oil -- oil that we consume .
The other side of that is that these oil companies make a lot of money and critics say they do n't need any help from the government .
Yes .
And what does the consumer need to hear out of all of this ?
We certainly hear about the fight between the Democrats in the Congress and the oil companies , but consumers always stuck in the middle .
VELSH
Yes .
What do they need to be hearing here ?
Well , what happens here is that the money that the government says it 's going to get , if this thing gets through the Senate and it gets signed and becomes law , the billions of dollars that the government is going to recover as a result of fixing this mistake it made many years ago is going to be applied to research and development of alternative fuels .
So far , the federal government has said a lot about research and development of alternative fuels , but we have n't seen a lot of investment and a whole lot of change .
So that might be the benefit for the consumer , that there 'll be some spending on things that are n't just about crude oil .
