Our senior political analyst , Bill Schneider , is standing by with some brand-new poll numbers .
But let 's go to Capitol Hill and our congressional correspondent , Dana Bash , with the latest on the Democrats ' agenda -- Dana .
Well , Wolf , you know , as soon as Democrats -- House Democrats officially take control on Thursday , they will start debating the dizzying legislative agenda they promised in the first 100 hours of the new Congress , which translates in -- into two-and-a-half weeks of work .
Now , Democratic leadership aides say this will be the schedule .
Thursday and Friday , they will pass measures perform -- performing -- or reforming , I should say , House lobbying and ethics rules .
And we will get details on that tomorrow .
Now , next week , House Democrats will vote to implement outstanding 9/11 Commission recommendations , vote to raise the minimum wage to $ 7.25 an hour , lift federal funding limits on stem cell research , take up a measure intended to negotiate lower prescription drug prices for Medicare .
If you can follow all of this , then , next week , they are going to cut student loan rates -- that 's their plan , at least -- in half , and also cut subsidies for oil companies .
Now , in order to get all of that passed , and fast , Democratic leadership aides say they will limit Republicans ' ability to offer competing measures .
Now , that 's exactly the way Republicans ran the House for 12 years , shutting out Democrats on most key legislation .
But Republicans are crying foul .
They 're pointing to quote after quote from incoming Speaker Nancy Pelosi , promising open debate and room for opposition .
And GOP leaders are even holding a press conference tomorrow to propose a set of what they call minority rights that Pelosi herself demanded before the election .
Now , Wolf , we 're told some House Democrats were worried about looking and sounding hypocritical here , but the leadership decided that this is the only way to ensure their campaign promises are kept , and insist that , down the road , Republicans will have more rights -- Wolf .
First 100 hours while the Congress is in session , work hours , if you will , that translates into about two-and-a-half weeks , according to their schedule .
It 's ...
Exactly .
... one thing for the House to try to get all this done in the first 100 hours that they are in session .
It 's a totally different animal on the other side , in the Senate , is n't it , Dana ?
It 's totally different , because the Senate rules make it a lot harder for the Democratic majority to sideline Republicans .
Institutionally , the minority simply has a lot more power .
Now , knowing how that and knowing how razor thin his majority is , Harry Reid told CNN that his first order of business , which is lobbying and ethics reform , is going to be a good old-fashioned free- for-all .
It 's going to be totally open to amendment .
And , then , Democrats and Republicans can take a look at it and see if there are ways they want to strengthen that .
If they do , we will have debate and make a determination .
I think the American people really need this .
I mean , think about what is going on in Washington .
