Now I spoke with the National Security council spokesman , Gordon Johndroe .
This is the way he describes it -- explains it .
He says , " the president has made clear for some time we will take the steps necessary to protect Americans on the ground in Iraq and disrupt activity that could lead to their harm .
Our forces have standing authority consistent with the mandate of the U.S. Security Council . "
And who is he talking about here ?
He is primarily talking about " the Iranian Revolutionary Guard 's Quds Force , " which he says "is a part of the Iranian state apparatus that supports and carries out these activities . "
Those activities , of course , being what they say are terror activities , plotting against Americans , as well as Iraqis .
Take a listen here to what the president said just a couple of weeks ago concerning Iran and Syria .
These two regimes are allowing terrorists and insurgents to use their territory to move in and out of Iraq .
Iran is providing material support for attacks on American troops .
We will disrupt the attacks on our forces .
We will interrupt the flow of support from Iran and Syria .
And we will seek out and destroy the networks providing advanced weaponry and training to our enemies in Iraq .
And , Betty , a national security official told me that that statement that the president made just 16 days ago , in fact , was an acknowledgement , a recognition of this new policy , of this capture or kill policy , that this is very serious , that was a warning , a signal to Iranians and also meant to be reassurance to the allies in the region that the U.S. is very serious about cracking down and protecting the Iraqi people and protecting that government and that it would go after Iranians inside Iraq , capturing and killing , if necessary , to protect them -- Betty .
And , Suzanne , of course we 'll be talking to you at the top of the hour because , as you know , the president right now is meeting with his top military advisers , including General David Petraeus , who was just confirmed unanimously by the Senate to lead American forces in Iraq .
So we 'll talk to you then .
Thank you , Suzanne Malveaux at the White House .
Sure .
This is CNN, the most trusted name in news .
Now back to the CNN NEWSROOM.
Well , good morning .
You 're in the NEWSROOM.
I 'm Betty Nguyen in today for Heidi Collins .
Hey , Betty .
Hi there .
Good to see you .
NGUYE
It 's good to be here .
It 's been a while .
I know .
10:30 in the morning Eastern time , 7:30 Pacific .
Good morning , everyone .
No credit , no problem .
She could n't get a credit card in her name , so someone else did .
A preview of our Emmy Award-winning documentary , " How to Rob a Bank " straight ahead in the NEWSROOM.
Also , Tony , you know it is Friday , so we 're going to be talking viewer e-mail and Gerri Willis is here to explain all about that .
What do people want to know , Gerri ?
Hey , good morning .
Well , we 're going to tell people how to lower your interest rate on your credit card and boost your credit score .
We 're taking questions next on " Top Tips " .
