Stay with us .
To our viewers , you 're in THE SITUATION ROOM , where new pictures and information are arriving all the time .
Happening now , new details emerging about President Bush 's State of the Union speech tonight .
He will address the issue of climate change , calling for less gasoline use , as well as calling for a balanced budget by 2012 .
And he 'll also detail his plan to boost health insurance coverage by increasing taxes for some while subsidizing coverage for the poor and others .
Also , Democrats already reacting strongly to what we know about the speech .
You just heard from the party chairman , Howard Dean , a few moments ago .
But what are Republicans saying right now ?
The House minority whip , Roy Blunt , standing by to join us live with the GOP take on the speech .
And in Beirut , a Hezbollah-led strike turns deadly .
At least three people killed as demonstrators take to the streets , calling for the pro-Western government in Lebanon to simply step down .
The prime minister , Fouad Siniora , calling for calm , but also vowing to stay in power .
I 'm Wolf Blitzer .
You 're in THE SITUATION ROOM.
Dramatic new initiatives on health care , energy , the environment , that 's what the White House promises for the president 's State of the Union Address .
But he 'll have to sell them to a Congress controlled now by Democrats and a public weary of the issue that will overshadow everything else tonight .
That would be the war in Iraq .
Standing by , a top Republican leader , the number two Republican in the House of Representatives , Congressman Roy Blunt of Missouri .
But let 's go to White House first .
Our Ed Henry standing by .
Ed , you 've got some more excerpts of what the White House is releasing from the president 's address tonight .
That 's right , Wolf .
The president immediately at the top of this speech will acknowledge that new political dynamic you 're mentioning , that Democrats are running Congress .
But he will note that this is not the first time there 's been divided government .
He believes that he can reach across the aisle and work with Democrats , as well Republicans , on the Hill .
The White House billing it as big and bold initiatives on the domestic front , as you noted , including Immigration reform .
The president will say , " When laws and borders are routinely violated , this harms the interests of our country -- yet ...we cannot fully secure the border unless we take pressure off the border -- and that requires a temporary worker program . "
That 's not necessarily new , but bold in the sense that it is taking on some conservatives in his own party .
Obviously , the president agreeing with more Democrats than the Republicans on that idea of a temporary worker program .
Then on to the war on terror , Iraq .
Perhaps , of course , the most controversial issue of all that 's dividing the country right now , the president says about his new strategy , " We discussed every possible approach .
In the end , I chose this course of action because it provides the best chance of success .
Many in this chamber understand that American must not fail in Iraq because you understand that the consequences of failure would be grievous and far reaching . "
