I do n't understand exactly how that helps " Scooter " Libby because it does n't really explain how he might lie to a grand jury .
But I...
Well , that was my question , how can you say that I 'm the fall guy but at the same time , I did n't know anything because my facts were confused ?
TOOBI
Well , I think the idea appears to be , look , this was a chaotic , difficult time at the White House .
Instead of the White House taking on critics , they threw it all on " Scooter " Libby .
" Scooter " Libby was forced to deal with these reporters he was n't used to dealing with and he was confused , the facts were in dispute , he did n't remember exactly what was going on .
" Scooter " Libby took the brunt of dealing with the political fallout and the press fallout and he should n't be penalized for that when the real architects of the policy were people like Karl Rove .
That appears to be the defense argument .
But I have to say , I 'm not entirely clear on it either .
All right , and if you 're not , we 've got a problem .
But the trial has got several weeks to go .
We 'll probably all figure it out by then .
Yes , we do .
Senior legal analyst , Jeffrey Toobin .
We thank you , as always .
OK .
Iraqis trained by U.S. forces , but could those Iraqi troops turn and become a threat to America ?
Real concerns in THE NEWSROOM.
And you 're in , no , wait , you 're out .
Huh ?
You 're in , then you 're out .
A big university fails an admissions test .
Oh , yes , that 's what you 're waiting for .
You 're nervous about it .
This was the only school I really wanted to go to , so it was really , really exciting for me .
Man , a school accepts thousands of freshmen then the wait a minute moment .
Hold on .
Wait a minute .
We 've got it for you in THE NEWSROOM.
Among our top stories this morning , cracking down on Iranian agents in Iraq .
We 're told the Bush administration gives U.S. troops permission to kill or capture them .
A national security official says the new policy targets Iranian operatives involved in plotting attacks against U.S. coalition or Iraqi forces .
Troops have the authorization to kill or capture the Iranians if they have actionable intelligence .
Meanwhile , the president summoned the top Pentagon brass to the White House this morning to discuss Iraq War strategy .
Among those attending , the man chosen as the new commander of U.S. forces in Iraq , Lieutenant General David Petraeus .
Defense Secretary Robert Gates and Joint Chiefs Chairman Peter Pace also taking part in that meeting .
There is more bloodshed in Baghdad today .
This time , though , insurgents target a popular pet market .
An explosion killing at least 15 people and wounding 35 others .
Iraqi officials say the bomb was stashed in a box .
It is the second time in two months this pet market has been attacked .
Now , let 's take you to northern Iraq .
A suicide bomber detonated himself at a Shiite mosque near Mosul .
Police there report one dead , three wounded , and another U.S. troop killed in action in Iraq 's volatile Anbar Province .
The military says a Marine died of wounds due to enemy action .
