OK , let 's go on to the next picture .
I believe this is a policeman in London making what you could call a very vigorous arrest .
Can you tell us about this ?
Yes .
Indeed , this was a Scoopt member who was sitting at home , heard a hell of a kafuffle outside his house , looked out the window and saw the police chasing down a driver , forcing him to crash against a wall , smashed the car windows , dragged the driver out , stunned him with a taser gun and then pointed automatic rifles at him .
So out guy on the scene brought out his camera and photographed the whole event .
He was n't -- at the time , he was n't thinking I 'm going to make a lot of money out of this .
He was acting as a witness .
He just saw something that was of interest .
And also , he -- this was shortly after the poor Brazilian chap was shot dead by the police in London .
And he , in his mind , was thinking , are the police going to overreact here , are they going to do it again ?
If they are , I 'm going to hold them to account .
I 'm going to be a witness .
Now , nothing went wrong .
It was a perfectly valid arrest .
Afterwards , it was an hour later , he thought , hang on , maybe these pictures actually do have some value .
Sent them to us , we sold them to the " London Evening Standard . "
OK .
Let 's go on to the next picture .
And this is a slightly different kind of thing , because this was n't a fundamentally important or newsworthy event , lives were not at stake .
This was a footballer smoking a cigarette .
I think everyone will recognize who we 're talking about here .
What was the value of this picture ?
The financial value ?
Yes , the financial value and the news value of Zinedine Zidane having a cigarette .
OK .
Well , the financial value was in the thousands of dollars .
Again , commercial sensitive , I ca n't tell you the exact figure , but it was in the thousands , and that picture sold very widely .
Five U.K. papers used it and it sold internationally as well .
The news story , frankly , is relatively spurious .
When we first saw the picture , we thought this is just a paparazzi shot .
You know , a footballer having a cigarette , fairly interesting .
What made the story for us was that Zinedine Zidane had actually spearheaded an anti-smoking campaign in 2002 , the previous World Cup .
So that gave us the news story .
Now , I 'm not saying it 's a front page breaking news story at all , but .
No, but you did touch on something that is interesting and important here .
Is this going to turn all of us into paparazzi ?
Is this going to turn anybody with a cell phone into some member of a lurking horde of people chasing celebrities on the off chance they might be able to get a shot , just the way professional paparazzi have been doing for years ?
Well , I was first asked that question in July 2005 , and 18 months on , we simply have n't seen it .
We do get and we handle celebrity content , but we simply have n't had a kind of invasive camera-phone-in-your- face-at-every-opportunity content .
That has n't come through .
Maybe it will as this phenomenon expands .
And part of our role as the gatekeeper here is to filter it and to editorialize it and to help educate people , you know , what 's ethically OK , what 's legally OK , you know , public place/private property , what the differences are .
And this is one of the reasons why we do n't just publish content on our Web site or anywhere else .
We filter it , editorialize it , and then if we 're happy dealing with it we push it out to the mainstream media .
