Temptation for the Democrats .
They 're now in power and power and money are the ultimate magnets of corporation .
Joe Johns , CNN, Washington .
CNN is going to be keeping a close watch over these first 100 hours .
Will the new Congress accomplish anything meaningful ?
And what 's going to be the impact on all of us as citizens ?
Stay tuned as we keep track of those first 100 hours all day Tuesday .
The best political team on television will be all over it .
It has been nearly two months since ground was broken at the Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial in Washington .
But it 's not a done deal .
At least not yet .
Civil rights activists and King confidante Andrew Young says the $ 100 million project is short $ 30 million .
Young says he hopes the memorial will be completed by sometime next year .
Well , when it comes to Martin Luther King , his words will no doubt live forever .
They were moving , they were inspiring .
But what 's the story behind the words ?
Words like " I have a dream . "
Here 's CNN 's Soledad O'Brien with a never-before-seen look at King 's private library and the words that changed a nation .
He had a real ability to read the crowd .
And so , for example , when he was delivering his speech , he had been given nine minutes to deliver the speech on the march of Washington .
And so , they 're all sitting around how to figure out how to get , you know , the most punch out of this nine minutes they 've been given , and they work on a speech which is called not " I have a Dream . "
It 's called " Normalcy , Not Now . "
And the whole gist of the speech is that the Negro has been delivered a bad check by the -- by the cupboard country and deserves to have the rights redressed .
And so in the middle of this speech , Martin Luther King looks out on the crowd , and someone says , as the story goes , " Tell them about the dream , Martin . "
And he takes the copy of his speech and turns it over .
Now he 's winging it .
He 's going off copy .
And his friends tell us the story of how their hearts sink .
They 're watching him -- oh , now he 's off the copy .
And he says , " I have a dream . "
And no one remembers " Normalcy , Not Ever . "
What speech is that ?
But that was the name of the speech .
Everyone rembers " I have a dream , " and that part was completely adlibbed .
However , for years we can see in his documents and his letters and the things that he underlines in the books that he had been reading for years he had been working out in his head the thought about " I have a dream , and this is why I 'm involved in the movement . "
" I have a dream that things can be better for people . "
So , to trace through his writings and through the things that he was reading and circled , the things that impacted him , is just absolutely fascinating to have access to these documents .
It 's so riveting .
And , then , of course , to have people who were there at the time like Dorothy Cotton , like Andrew Young , to sort of fill us in and fill in the gaps , it 's absolutely riveting .
