So there 's a Republican whacking the Democrats for helping out Democrats and Republicans alike .
File it as business as usual , but a fact of life on the Hill that no deed , good or bad , goes unpunished .
Joe Johns , CNN, Washington .
One issue lawmakers wo n't be discussing , the president 's new plan for Iraq .
Democrats are considering one of the oldest weapons in Washington to stop it -- the power of the purse .
CNN Congressional correspondent Dana Bash explains .
Democrats opposed to sending more troops to Iraq are now openly considering using a controversial Congressional tool -- withholding funding for what they call an escalation of the war .
If the president wants more troops , might Congress consider not allowing the funding for that ?
We 're going to keep a look at everything .
Including that ?
Including that ?
Yes .
There -- we 're going to take a look at it , of course .
That is a significant shift .
Until now , cutting off any funding for troops has been the third rail of Iraq War politics .
Even Democrats who want the U.S. out of Iraq now have drawn the line at withholding money for the mission , for fear it would endanger troops and cause political backlash .
But Democrats now in control of Congress are under intense pressure to use their new power , and the power of the purse , to stop the president from sending more troops to Iraq .
My office is now investigating what tools are available to us to condition or constrain appropriations .
But what I 've also said is that I 'm not willing to create a situation in which troops who are already in Iraq might be shortchanged , a critically difficult situation for Democrats .
Difficult , indeed .
The tension ripping through the new Congress about how to respond to the president 's revised Iraq strategy is palpable .
The House speaker was more cautious , but promises the president 's plan will be heavily scrutinized in oversight hearings across the Capitol .
Democrats will not cut off funding for our troops .
What the president needs to know , and that 's what I was telling him yesterday , is that Congressional oversight is alive and well .
Short of choking funds for a troop surge , Democrats are also considering a resolution capping the number of troops in Iraq and a symbolic resolution calling a troop surge a mistake .
Republicans who support beefing up forces in Iraq warn Democrats are treading in dangerous territory .
The stakes are extremely high .
Please , Congress , understand what you 're proposing when you say cut off funding or capping troops .
You 're proposing defeat .
And Dana Bash joins us now -- Dana , you mentioned that several Democrats are looking at options to impact the Iraq War .
Now we 're hearing that Senator Ted Kennedy is ready to announce a resolution and pursue other options .
What 's that all about ?
Well , we 're going to hear from Senator Ted Kennedy of Massachusetts later today .
He 's going to give a speech where he is going to talk about this idea of sending more troops to Iraq as an immense new mistake .
And what he is going to say is that it 's not just enough for Democrats to talk about that , but they actually have to do something about it , use their new power here .
And that has really been the debate here .
