Hi , Courtney .
Zubowski .
Hi .
Can you tell us what you know ?
Basically , just about two minutes ago , little Olivia Alvarez 's mother came out here .
She was just so relieved to learn that her daughter was OK just about 30 minutes ago .
Her little girl was abducted from her home by a man she knows , a convicted sex offender by the name of George Horner .
He was on his way to Louisiana , supposed to drop little Olivia off at school , but ended up taking her along for the ride .
The school noticed that she did n't show up .
That 's when they notified the sheriff 's department .
The sheriff 's department puts out an Amber Alert .
And , just about an hour ago , someone in a nearby city , in the city of Casa Grande , little Olivia walking along by herself , called the sheriff 's office after hearing about the Amber Alert .
And that 's when authorities were notified -- the mother very relieved .
Again , right now , the little girl is at a nearby hospital .
She is being checked out by paramedics .
And that little girl 's mother is on the way right now to the hospital to be reunited with her daughter .
So , Courtney , Glenna Alvarez is saying that it 's not her live-in boyfriend .
But , according to the sheriff -- I believe you interviewed him earlier -- he said it was her live-in boyfriend .
Was she challenged on that at all ?
No, she was n't challenged on it .
Basically , she said : No, I do not know him .
He is not my boyfriend , just recently had met him .
And , so , she is saying that she did not know he was a convicted sex offender .
Had she ( AUDIO GAP ) she would never have allowed him to take her daughter to school .
Now , she was saying that she got a hunch that something was wrong , just a hunch , and then she called the school , that -- that her daughter had n't shown up ?
Well , the school -- the school actually also notified the sheriff 's department when the sheriff 's -- when the school realized that the little girl had n't been there .
And then she just started feeling kind of odd .
And , so , that 's when she decided that something was n't right .
And that 's when the police got involved , and the Amber Alert was issued .
All right , Courtney , I did n't get your last name .
What is your last name ?
Zubowski .
Zubowski .
Courtney Zubowski from our affiliate there in Maricopa , Arizona , thank you so much for your report .
You 're watching the CNN NEWSROOM.
We will be right back in a moment .
Well , YouTube and Wikipedia stormed into the mainstream in just the last few years .
Now they 're storming into a list of top brands .
Susan Lisovicz at the New York Stock Exchange with the details .
Hey , Susan .
Hey , Kyra .
Well , online branding magazine brandchannel.com is out with its list of top brands .
And , once again , Internet firm Google has topped Apple for the highest spot .
And YouTube and Wikipedia come in third and fourth place .
The magazine 's editor says their debuts highlight a larger trend , the growing impact of user-generated content online .
And , finally , coffee chain Starbucks gets pushed back to fifty -- Kyra .
