Patients actually come here and they 're faced with so many barriers .
Our job , as navigators is to assist them .
We always find a way .
The five-year survival rate in breast cancer , at the Harlem Hospital , which was initially 39 percent , before navigation and screening , is now in the range of 70 percent .
Jerona knows the chemo and radiation ahead will tax her energy .
But the fact is she , and women like her , now have a better chance at beating breast cancer .
Dr.
Freeman joins us now .
It 's striking .
African- Americans , less likely to be diagnosed , more likely to die .
You 've made an impact on this in Harlem .
You 're sitting here with Lance Armstrong .
Is this something that you could take and go national with ?
There 's no doubt about it .
What we know is that black and white Americans , who have the same treatment at the same stage of the disease have the same outcome .
So it 's a matter of providing the same treatment , and the same early diagnosis .
So this is a challenge that we can meet .
We should n't accept the fact that there 's a 10 or 15 percent difference in survival of black and white Americans .
And between poor and middle class Americans , as well .
We have the resources in America to fix this problem .
It 's a matter of educating the public in a language that they can understand , culturally sensitive language , to prevent cancers .
Do n't smoke cigarettes , have the right diet , exercise .
But also to create screening for all American people irrespective of whether they can pay for mammography , colonoscopy , prostate examinations , prostate examinations , PAP smears .
To provide it to all Americans , and when people have a problem on the screening test , the important thing is to resolve the case .
To follow up ?
To treat them , if they have cancer , in high quality and rapidly .
That 's a navigation solution .
Lance , you talk a lot about access .
You talked about that at the beginning of this show .
You know , the thing that strikes me is you 've made it something that people care about again , cancer , but there 's so much going on in the world , Lance .
You know , you 've got a war .
You have things going on everyday .
How do you get people to think about cancer ?
You build an army of people .
You get a group of people that hopefully to the tune of several million people that say this is our issue .
This is what we care about .
I was affected personally , or my mom , or my sister , or somebody that I love was affected .
And I 'm not going to stand for what we see today , which is -- for the first time ever , a cut in the federal budget at the National Cancer Institute , totally and completely unacceptable .
Meanwhile , listen , I understand there 's a lot going on , things are expensive , money is tight , everybody is fighting for money .
But boy , how about the disease that 's quickly approaching the number one killer status in this country ?
I think it deserves some attention .
