One reason ?
No draft .
Another reason , anti-war activities have a powerful ally they did n't have in the '60s .
It 's not just the anti-war movement anymore .
There 's now an anti-war public .
SCHNEIDE
Sixty-three percent of Americans oppose the president 's troop increase .
The anti-war protest is aimed at Congress .
You were elected with a mandate from the American people on Iraq .
It 's time to fulfill it .
Congress needs to stop the president 's escalation in Iraq .
President Bush made this plea to Congress .
Our country is pursuing a new strategy in Iraq and I ask you to give it a chance to work .
But when it comes to influencing Congress , an unpopular president is no match for an unhappy public .
Members of Congress have to answer to the voters .
So do candidates running for president .
At some point , we 've got to step back and say what are our responsibilities in the face of obstinacy on the part of the White House ?
One conservative Republican contender has already broken with President Bush on Iraq .
It is difficult to understand why more U.S. troops would make a difference .
So have two other potential Republican candidates .
Sending more American troops into Baghdad is unnecessary to achieve the core victory over Al Qaeda In Iraq .
Senator Chuck Hagel 's criticism has been full - throated .
And I think all 100 senators ought to be on the line on this .
What do you believe ?
What are you willing to support ?
What did you think ?
Why are you elected ?
If you wanted a safe job , go sell shoes .
Only one presidential candidate , Democrat Dennis Kucinich , is scheduled to speak at this weekend 's anti-war march .
Why are the candidates staying away ?
Probably because they 're worried it could like the '60s .
Jane Fonda is on the program .
Bill Schneider , CNN, Washington .
Senator John Kerry takes his anti-war campaign to the economic forum in Davos , Switzerland .
The Massachusetts Democrat slammed the Bush administration 's foreign policy and told the economic forum the United States has become , quote , " a sort of international pariah" .
I do n't care how many troops are put in .
Iraq is not going to be pacified .
Now , we are partly responsible .
The absence of legitimate , significant diplomacy is a disgrace .
( INAUDIBLE ) by a secretary of state are not diplomacy .
There should be a special envoy , maybe a joint , bipartisan special enjoy .
Kerry criticized what he called the unfortunate habit of Americans to see the world through an American 's lens .
Well , now we look at " Saving Your Life " and the role of race in cancer deaths .
Our medical correspondent Elizabeth Cohen examines why black women are more likely to die of breast cancer than white women .
Patricia Hepburn walks the streets of Harlem looking to save lives .
Hi , honey .
At beauty shops , clothing stores , schools , Hepburn tells women the simple hard truth : cancer is not color-blind .
For example , black women who are diagnosed with breast cancer are much more likely to die than white women , 32 percent more likely .
White women , more likely to survive .
