Also , the suspect in the kidnapping of two Missouri boys is talking .
Insight into the mind of Michael Devlin .
It 's the monster known as the Bike Path Rapist has been taken into custody .
The monster , behind bars , police say .
This is a man , police say , lived a double life for 25 years .
The Bike Path Rapist case : Who is this guy ?
We 'll tell you next .
Now in the news .
Yesterday proved to be the third deadliest day for the U.S. military in Iraq .
Twenty five service members were killed .
Five of those deaths reported in Iraq 's Anbar Province .
And in Karbala , five more U.S. soldiers died trying to repel a militia grenade attack on a security coordination center .
For the second consecutive day a White House hopeful takes to the Internet to announce their candidacy .
New Mexico governor and former energy secretary Bill Richardson says he 's joining the presidential race .
If elected he will be the very first ever U.S. president of Hispanic decent .
Call it the deep freeze .
Deep in the heart of Texas .
Here are shots of Amarillo where a half foot more snow has fallen overnight .
Parts of neighboring New Mexico could get as much as a foot of snow tonight as well .
Amber alert in Indiana .
We told you about this yesterday .
Police say they have found two cars used in connection with this abduction .
Still no sign , though , of Kimberly Walker and her four children .
And the man suspected of kidnapping them , her ex boyfriend , 30-year-old Jerry White .
Shots are involved in this story , at least in the case of another man before this .
CNN 's Keith Oppenheim is joining us now from the phone .
He is in Chicago , he has been following some of the details in the story .
I do n't remember when , Keith , I have heard police just come out and say as soon as something like this happens , and they use these words , these children are in extreme danger .
Absolutely right , Rick .
They are saying that Jerry White is armed and dangerous and as far as I can say from my conversations with them so far , they have n't been getting a lot of meaningful leads yet .
Jerry White , they tell me , is a 30-year-old man who went to his ex-girlfriend 's home , Kimberly Walker , and he abducted her and the four children from the home as of Saturday morning .
Police also say that Jerry White is the father of the children but they were never married .
Investigators say that over the weekend Jerry White came to her home in Elkhart and shot the boyfriend of Walker 's sister twice .
The shooting victim is in critical condition .
In the meantime , investigators say that White forced Kimberly Walker and the four children to go with him and that he may have gone to the Chicago area where he has relatives .
But Rick , they are not sure about that .
Because the problem is there are two cars police thought Jerry White might have been using .
Both of those cars were recovered in Elkhart , Indiana .
So the bottom line is investigators are n't sure what vehicle he might have been using in this kidnapping .
