OK .
I will try .
On the outside looking in -- although Tomi Rae Hynie claims that she legally married -- to soul singer James Brown , she says she is having a hard time being acknowledged as his widow .
First , the lawyers locked her out of Brown 's South Carolina home .
And , last night , she told CNN 's Larry King the Reverend Al Sharpton shut her out of Brown 's funeral .
I said , " You still are n't going to give me the dignity of calling me his wife ? "
And he said to me , " You see , I tried to be nice to you and look what you did .
Now I ai n't going to be nice to you know more .
That 's it . "
And he turned around .
And I started crying tears , tears , tears .
And I walked off the stage .
That 's when they told me that there was no more funeral and that I was to go this way .
And that 's when the eulogies were held .
And I was n't able to say anything about my husband .
OK .
Tomi Rae also told Larry King that she has no idea where or even if James Brown has been buried .
Capitol Hill dust bunnies , beware .
The Democrats show up with new brooms for the House and the Senate -- more on the party 's ambitious agenda ahead in the CNN NEWSROOM.
Hello , everyone .
I 'm Kyra Phillips at the CNN World Headquarters in Atlanta .
LEMO
And I 'm Don Lemon .
He saved a man on the subway tracks , and said , " I did what anybody would do . "
Would you do it ?
More , in the hero 's own words , straight ahead in the CNN NEWSROOM.
After a dozen years in the wilderness , Democrats are kings of the Hill , Capitol Hill that is .
As you may have seen live on CNN, the 110th Congress convened today with Democrats in control of both houses for the first time since 1995 .
That 's a result of midterm elections that produced 10 new senators and 54 new representatives .
Two of the new senators are women as are 10 of the new representatives .
Nancy Pelosi of California is the first woman speaker of the House .
The new Congress also includes America 's first Muslim member and first two Buddhist members .
President Roosevelt had his famous 100 days .
New House Speaker Nancy Pelosi says 100 hours is all she needs to begin passing key legislation in the 110th Congress .
Here is a look at her plan .
New House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi says 100 hours is enough time to begin , in her words , "draining the swamp of more than a decade of Republican rule . "
Top of the agenda on day one , break the link between lobbyists and legislation .
Day two , make the nation safer by enacting the recommendations of the 9/11 Commission .
Goals to shoot for in the time remaining ?
Raise the federal minimum wage to $ 5.15 to $ 7.25 , cut the interest rate on student loans in half , make healthcare , especially prescription drugs , more affordable , expand the types of stem cell research allowed with federal money .
