There it goes , good shot .
He 's taken fire countless times .
Just that night prior , I 'd only gotten about three hours of sleep in the last 30 hours .
We had gone out for a security run , and the box car ( ph ) got hit by three IEDs and small arms fire , and less than 12 hours we were right back out and got hit again .
So being aggressive .
Mel and other patients must wait here for the next plane out of country .
Tech Sergeant George Denby ( ph ) , an emergency medic for 18 years , checks on them .
Need a blanket or anything ?
I 'm good .
All right .
He works closely with Master Sergeant Nancy Peck ( ph ) , an emergency medic for 21 years .
It 's hard , even for these seasoned vets .
They just pull at your heart strings , their sacrifice .
They 're humble .
They do n't want to go home .
They want to go back to the fight , back to the unit .
Some of these patients that we get here , they have n't bathed in days .
They 've eaten out of a box .
They do n't have pillows to sleep on .
The medics try everything to keep them comfortable .
We have some patients with some pretty serious patients right next to them .
You 're right next to another patient .
So now you have to not only worry about your problems , but you 're worrying about the guy next to you .
So we try to do everything we can to keep their minds off of that .
The singing does n't tempt PFC Matthew Solderg ( ph ) .
The 19-year-old Marine has trouble speaking after an IED exploded near him .
We 're kind of used to that stuff after being here for awhile .
You just kind of get over it and do your job .
Then , alarm red , incoming .
Got your gear ?
In the middle of all this , more wounded arrive .
Among them Lance Chris Allen , injured by a rocket-propelled grenade near Fallujah .
Like all patients , Chris is checked for hidden explosives , then checked medically .
I 'm doing pretty good , much better .
I saw you guys the first time .
But flashbacks are bothering him .
They 're all the time .
Usually when I 'm sleeping they come back .
The touches of home here , courtesy of the medics , help Chris .
I love this one .
This is going to be with me all the time now , so whenever I get down I can just think of it and realize what I 'm fighting for .
And a little picture that says thank you .
Coming up , the race against time .
We have about 65 patients for seven people to take care of .
We have to keep them alive because we have the best doctors back home .
But if we ca n't take them there , they ca n't do anything for them back home .
A rare inside look of the plane that will take them out of Iraq .
While the patients are being prepped , flight medics are prepping the plane .
They transform a C-141 from tactical to practical , from cargo craft to a flying hospital .
We have about 65 patients for seven people to take care of , so we 'll be busy tonight .
But the patients will be glad to get home .
