On February 18 , 1965 , Alabama state troopers fatally shot 26 - year-old Jimmy Lee Jackson in Marion , Alabama .
Dr. King delivered a passionate message in Jackson 's eulogy to all who remained on the sidelines .
" He was murdered by the indifference of every minister of the gospel who has remained silent behind the safe security of stained glass windows . "
Jimmy Lee Jackson 's funeral was the inspiration for another protest march .
On the Edmund Pettus Bridge , Alabama police violently pushed the marchers back .
It 's what became known as Bloody Sunday .
This telegram is the result of the sacrifices of Selma , an invitation from the White House for Dr. King to attend the signing of the Voters Rights Act .
President Johnson pushed hard for its passage , and his words in a nationally televised address had a profound effect on Dr. King .
I remember so well sitting with him on the night of March 15 , 1965 , as he listened and watched Lyndon Johnson .
And before he concluded that speech , he said ...
And we shall overcome .
I looked back at Dr. King and I saw tears coming down his face .
He was crying .
He was so moved .
With the Voting Rights Act of 1965 , blacks in the South would have the power of the ballot box to drive out politicians and lawmen who defended segregation .
Tomorrow , the last stop in Dr. King 's journey for civil rights , Memphis .
We 'll hear from the people with him and his dramatic final moments , and see the handwritten slip of paper that Dr. King carried with him until the very day he died .
You can learn more about Dr. King 's life and mission and take a look at some of the documents yourself .
Just click on the " specials " section at CNN.com .
Or you can go to thekingcenter .org .
Coming up , a vaccine to prevent the sexually transmitted virus that causes cervical cancer .
One state is offering it for free .
Another city might make it mandatory .
We 'll tell you about the debate straight ahead .
Plus , 300 diamonds , 100 sapphires , 100 rubies .
Now , we 're not talking about the crown jewels .
We 're talking about one Pepsi can .
And it could be yours .
We 're " Minding Your Business " straight ahead on AMERICAN MORNING.
Companies looking for a captive audience are advertising to people waiting in security lines at the airport .
That is a captive audience , is n't it .
It 's coming up at 25 after the hour .
Stephanie Elam is " Minding Your Business " this morning .
Is it working ?
Well , I guess that 's one thing .
It 's captivating if they 're actually paying attention if they 're early for their flight , I guess .
That 's one way to look at it .
But what 's going to happen here is that those bins where you put all your stuff to go through the security points , well , yes , that 's going to -- they 're now going to have ads in there .
The Transportation Security Administration has actually been testing this out at Los Angeles International Airport for about six months .
And they are expected to unveil the actual full guidelines for companies wishing to advertise there today .
