Susan .
... Fredricka .
Yes , it 's kind of jarring , when you consider all these PSAs out there sponsored by tobacco companies helping you to stop smoking or not start smoking in the first place .
A new study suggests tobacco companies are doing everything they can to keep smokers addicted .
The study by Harvard University finds that tobacco companies have been boosting levels of nicotine , a substance that makes smoking both more addictive and pleasurable .
It found an 11 percent increase per cigarette in the addictive chemical between 1997 and 2005 .
The study 's authors say the increases were -- quote -- " systematic and pervasive " and involved all the manufacturers .
The study concludes that the increase was also done by design .
It 's estimated that 900,000 people become addicted to cigarettes each year -- Fred .
And , so , Susan , I 'm kind of having deja vu , because was n't this the crux of the William ( sic ) Morris case years ago ?
And , so , what are cigarette-makers saying about this latest accusation ?
It 's just non-ending , right , because , Fred , you think of all the litigation , all the warnings .
Well , this is the latest here .
Philip Morris , which is the world 's leading maker of cigarettes , issued a statement in response .
It provided data on one of its brands only .
It says nicotine levels in Marlboro cigarettes were the same in 2006 as they were in 1997 .
However , the last year the study looked at was 2005 .
Anti- smoking activists say the study offers compelling evidence that the federal government should regulate tobacco , similar to how the drug industry has to answer to the FDA.
We will be watching that story for sure .
Yes .
Let 's follow another story that we 're watching .
And that is the markets -- stocks extending earlier losses .
Federal Reserve Chief Ben Bernanke told Congress earlier today the nation could face a fiscal crisis .
And that 's casting a shadow over the markets -- another big drop in crude prices not helping .
Sometimes , it can boost stocks , but it 's really been sliding dramatically this year .
Oil actually fell below $ 50 at one point .
And that has pressured major energy companies , public energy companies .
All right .
All right .
Very good .
Thank you very much .
I hope I do this right .
Oh .
Come and listen to a story about a man named Brad .
He and Angie buy a house , and it 's really quite a pad .
They said they were sick ...
... of that Hollywood scene , so they loaded up the kids and they moved to New Orleans , Crescent City ...
... City , that is .
Big Easy .
Y'all come back now , you hear ?
Oh , you can carry a tune .
Hello everyone .
I 'm Don Lemon live at the CNN World Headquarters in Atlanta .
And I 'm Fredricka Whitfield in for Kyra Phillips .
What 's safe and what 's not .
" Consumer Reports " scraps recent ratings on infant car seats and said it needs to redo some of the tests .
You are in the NEWSROOM.
But , first , this just in .
An American woman who was killed along with three others in Baghdad yesterday has now been identified .
28 - year-old Andrea , or Andy as they called her , Perhomvich ( ph ) .
