Hurling insults .
The target this time , the U.S. secretary of state .
In his weekly radio address , Hugo Chavez belittles Condoleezza Rice ...
Condoleezza , how are you ?
... saying , " Hi , Condoleezza .
How are you ?
You 've forgotten me , missy . "
Last year , Chavez called President Bush " the devil " in his speech at the United Nations .
Now he 's just been re-elected and wants special authority that will let him rule by decree .
The State Department said decrees are a bit odd to have in a democratic system .
Chavez is blasting back .
" Go to hell , gringos , go home , go home !
We 're free here . "
Adding that Venezuela has a right to do what it wants .
Regional experts say Chavez 's consolidation of power is disturbing .
He seems bolder after his election victory and poses a challenge for anyone who really cares about democracy -- Wolf .
What are experts you 're talking to , Zain , saying what , if anything , the United States can or should be doing as far as Hugo Chavez is concerned ?
Experts say when he makes comments like this , really what he wants is some attention .
He 's just riding a wave of anti-U.S. sentiment .
And so , do n't give him the attention , do n't take the bait , they say .
Also , another really important point , Wolf , is that the U.S. 's dependent on Venezuelan oil .
About 12 to 15 percent of oil in this country comes from Venezuela .
So it 's difficult to pressure that country and economically isolate Venezuela in a way that would hurt Chavez , because the U.S. needs them .
The State Department today , Wolf , said that by making comments like this , Chavez just hurts himself and hurts Venezuela .
So basically , what you 're hearing from State Department and other sources is to just ignore Hugo Chavez ?
Is that what they would like ?
Exactly .
They said , just ignore Chavez .
He only does this -- when he says things like this , he does himself no favors , and they 've also said they 're not going to directly respond to comments like this .
Zain Verjee reporting for us .
President Bush , meanwhile , is expected to talk extensively about energy and energy security in tomorrow night 's State of the Union address .
But presidents have been talking for decades about ending the country 's oil addiction .
And so far , it 's proven far easier said than done .
CNN 's Frank Sesno takes a closer look .
The president of the United States .
Make it less ritual and more real .
Starting with a genuine call to arms on an issue we can actually do something about , to reduce America 's addiction to oil and reduce the cloud of unsavory suppliers .
They could do it if they wanted to .
They know the drill .
This is just one recent blueprint from a group of business leaders and retired military men .
What 's needed ?
Everything .
Tough love .
Higher fuel efficiency standards for cars and light trucks .
Tax laws that really encourage new technologies , like this one .
Did you know that under current law , tax credits for hybrids disappear once a company sells 60,000 of them ?
A real push on conservation and alternative fuels though incentives and mandates .
