How is that any different than what 's been done since November of 2005 ?
The main difference is the political atmosphere in which they are allowed to operate .
There is no number -- there is no number of additional U.S. troops that will make a difference , absent -- long- term difference -- absent the political will of the Iraqi leadership and the religious leadership .
And that 's what 's different .
Thank you , General Pace .
Secretary Gates , I suggest it wo n't take you 18 months to figure that out .
It wo n't take you six months to figure that out .
I do n't think there 's going to be any change , I 'm sorry to say , that is likely to take place in the next six days , let alone the next six months or 18 months .
Finally , Secretary Gates , if there 's time for it , in all of the discussions so far , let 's suppose that General Pace 's description of this plan works , for conversation 's sake .
What is the exit strategy ?
The exit strategy is , that as the level of violence goes down and as the Iraqis gain control of the -- restore control in Baghdad , that -- the presence of the United States would diminish .
If that does n't occur , is there an exit strategy ?
Answer the question , and then we go to Ms. Davis .
I think that it 's -- at the outset of the -- at the outset of the strategy , it 's a mistake to talk about an exit strategy .
Thank you .
Ms.
Davis from Virginia .
And we 'll just have to monitor how that violence goes forward , of course , in Iraq .
The first time we have heard that , actually , from the representatives there on the House Armed Services Committee , asking the secretary of defense straight out , what is the exit strategy ?
A little bit of a hesitation there , coming forward saying , once the violence is down , troops will be able to start coming home .
Of course , we have to see how this new plans works and if , indeed , the violence can be brought down and that can start to happen .
We 're going to continue to monitor these hearings of the House Armed Services Committee , as there 's Q&A ongoing with the new secretary of defense and also Joint Chiefs chair Peter Pace .
Well , the president has laid out his plan for Iraq , but what do Iraqis say ?
Next in the NEWSROOM , an Iraqi activist offers her view .
Stem cell stalemate .
Democrats vow to pass a bill for more embryonic research .
The president vows to veto again .
The House debate happening now .
A vote expected shortly .
Live coverage ahead from the CNN NEWSROOM.
Hello everyone , I 'm Kyra Phillips .
Live at the CNN World headquarters in Atlanta .
And I 'm Don Lemon .
Plenty of reaction to the president 's plan in the U.S. , but what do Iraqis make of it ?
We will get one woman 's opinion .
That 's straight ahead here in the CNN NEWSROOM.
And Zainab Salbi has a unique perspective on Iraq .
Her father was Saddam Hussein 's personal pilot .
She wrote a book about growing up in Iraq and the height of Hussein 's power and today she is founder and CEO of Women for Women International , which helps women who survive war , rebuild their lives .
She joins us now from New York .
Thanks for joining us today .
