Take a look at these pictures , the most dramatic so far of the clashes going on in the streets .
The army doing the best it can to intervene here and try to keep the sides apart .
You can hear the gunfire .
Let 's listen in for just a moment .
Again , this clash going on , playing out right now .
A new video in to CNN in the last couple of minutes of this demonstration .
Rock - throwing .
You 'll see a car being attacked here in a moment , and obviously the person inside that car , as well .
But we will keep an eye on this situation and bring you the latest developments and try to put these pictures in a bit better context with our correspondents on the ground a little later in the hour , here in the NEWSROOM.
And now to some business news here on the domestic front .
We knew that 2006 was a tough year for Ford .
Now we find out just how tough .
Carrie Lee is " Minding Your Business . "
So , huge losses for Ford .
Why ?
That 's right , Fred .
2006 the worst for Ford Motor Company in terms of annual losses .
The Detroit giant lost $ 12.7 billion during the year , a lot of it in the fourth quarter , $ 5.8 billion in Q4 alone .
Now , this is pretty much what Wall Street had been expecting , and we know the underlying story here - less demand for big trucks and SUVs , Fred , because of high gas prices and fierce competition from Japanese rivals .
So , more of the same and what we 've seen in recent years .
A lot of these losses also due to all those buyouts that they 're offering workers for early retirement .
And experts say 2007 probably is n't going to be a turnaround year .
They are revamping some models , but not enough to really turn things around .
So , that is the latest on Ford , Fred .
Well , hearing all of this , talking about their pickup trucks doing so poorly .
At the same time , the F Series pickup trucks are their biggest seller , and they 've been applauding that .
Sales have come down , though , lately for the F Series .
Now , they are revamping that model , as well as some SUVs , so probably will help things a little bit .
But with losses like this , they 're really going to have to do a lot to revamp .
Now , one caveat going forward , President Bush 's State of the Union and talking about raising those fuel efficiency standards .
Well , that could force Detroit to sort of step up the competition compared to Japanese rivals like Honda and Nissan .
Of course though , Fred , they will have to spend some money to do that , if those standards are mandated .
So , Carrie , I wonder how much Wall Street expected this , or anybody else .
Was the indicator perhaps the plant closings that , you know ...
Right .
... Ford is in deep trouble , and something else , the other shoe is going to drop .
Exactly .
You know , I do n't think these numbers were a big surprise , pretty much in line with what Wall Street has been expecting .
