So this is in large part because we have to keep this in mind -- MI-5 and other British sources say that five years ago they identified 250 terror suspects in the U.K. Well , two years later , that figure doubled , and now it 's estimated that the intelligence in the U.K. monitors 1,600 terror suspects every year on British soil .
So those are the numbers and that 's the perspective for you , Betty , online .
Yes , it is .
Thank you , Nicole .
We appreciate it .
Sure .
And you can see Nicole on CNN Pipeline .
And this Tuesday you can actually see Pipeline for free all day long .
From the Oscar nominations , to the president 's State of the Union Address , just log on to cnn.com/pipeline to check it out .
The 2008 presidential race rounding into shape this weekend with the announcement that Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton is opening her exploratory committee .
Senator Clinton holds her first public event today since that announcement on her Web site .
CNN will provide live coverage .
Also , New Mexico governor Bill Richardson also apparently on the doorstep.
The Associated Press reporting he 's expected to announce his own exploratory committee this morning .
And on the Republican side , Kansas senator Sam Brownback has announced his candidacy .
He 's the first Republican to officially join the 2008 presidential race .
And what do all these new editions mean for the 2008 race ?
" AMERICAN MORNING " with Soledad O'Brien and Miles O'Brien , they look at the countdown to New Hampshire beginning at 6:00 Eastern tomorrow morning .
Well , President Bush is preparing for his State of the Union Address and perhaps a last shot to shape the legislative agenda before the 2008 presidential campaign gets into full swing .
There is a lot of speculation about what Mr. Bush will say on Tuesday .
And Michael Waldman knows firsthand how critical the right wording can be .
That 's because he was a speechwriter for President Clinton , and he joins us live this morning .
Thanks for being with us today .
My pleasure .
Well , with the Democrats controlling Congress now , can the president really afford to stay the course in this speech , especially when it comes to Iraq ?
Well , that 's what 's really quite remarkable about this speech .
President Bush now faces a Congress controlled by the other party .
That 's happened before .
It happened to Clinton , it happened to Reagan , it happened to Eisenhower .
And generally when that happens , the president does tact toward the other party , finds some common ground .
You do n't have elections that are as clear a mandate on an issue in this country as you had in this election on Iraq .
Yet , President Bush , in his speech last week , instead of reaching out toward where the Democrats and by all the polls the country stands , he actually pushed for an escalation of the war in Iraq .
So it 's really quite remarkable .
He may be able to do that kind of searching for common ground on domestic issues , where there is some things like immigration , where he agrees with the Democrats more than his own party , but on Iraq he has drawn a line in the sand that 's very confrontational with the new Congress .
