Well , not only opened , that when confronted by the Border Patrol or our National Guard will actually retreat in the face of armed illegal aliens crossing into this country .
Lou , but the people -- the only way this is going to be solved -- we ca n't just rely on the president .
He 's obviously a hard-headed man .
No, we ca n't rely on the president , at all .
ROHRABACHE
But we have to rely on each other , and Americans have to step forward .
It 's only the outrage that -- the righteous outrage of the American people .
They need to call the White House .
They need to say that if Ramos and Compean are not given a pardon , if they go to jail , the president has declared himself on the side of enemy .
I think that 's where we 're going to have to leave it .
Congressman , we thank you .
We thank you for everything you 're trying to do to introduce justice to the Justice Department and to this administration .
We thank you , sir .
Thank you .
To show is your support for Border Patrol Agents Ramos and Compean , you can contact the White House or the Justice Department and you can find that contact information on our website , loudobbs.com .
The Border Patrol this week seized 2,000 pounds of marijuana at the Tahoa-Oadum ( ph ) Reservation in Arizona .
The ton of pot was found in two separate locations on the reservation , the combined street value more than $ 2 million .
As we reported here , one community on that reservation voted to ban the National Guard from using its tribal lands to patrol a section of the U.S. border with Mexico .
The reservation about the size of the state of Connecticut is located on the section of the border with the highest number of illegal crossings and drug smuggling trails .
Those trails , at least one of them , somebody kind of cast aside $ 2 million worth of pot .
I wonder what the connection is .
Border control or borders themselves wo n't be an issue if some business and political elitist groups have their way .
This week a proposal for an expended so-called free trade zone from Alaska to the tip of Argentina .
It 's a plan from those elitists that will cost more American jobs , cost more American sovereignty , but it would fulfill the president 's father 's vision .
Bill Tucker reports .
It 's not a new idea .
President Bush talked about it back in 1991 .
It is a big idea , a new world order where diverse nations are drawn together in common cause .
Now former United States Trade Ambassador Robert Zoellick is talking about it again with renewed vigor , this time a new world order with business at the helm of trade and economic policy , advocating what he calls the Association of American Free Trade Agreements , a separate non government entity which would include North , Central and South America .
What Zoellick is really proposing here is a stealth trade agenda .
It 's not a national agenda .
He 's proposing to set up what 's essentially a private organization to try to achieve what he could n't get done when he was the U.S. trade representative .
And this is a business agenda .
