And anti-illegal immigration stalwart and Republican Congressman Tom Tancredo announces his plan for a White House run .
He explains why he thinks Miami is a third world country .
Stay with us .
You 're in THE SITUATION ROOM.
Even as Democrat Barack Obama tests the presidential waters , Republican Congressman Tom Tancredo of Colorado is doing the exact same thing .
Launching a presidential exploratory committee today , Tancredo says his Republican Party has abandoned some of the core principles .
He 's known for hardcore stands on issues such as illegal immigration .
I asked Congressman Tancredo about that .
You caused a stir in Miami recently when you said this .
You said , " You just pick it up and you take it and move it someplace .
You would never know you 're in the United States of America .
You would certainly say you 're in a third world country . "
That 's right .
BLITZE
And they got very mad .
The governor , the Republican governor , Jeb Bush , of Florida saying , " What a nut .
I 'm just disappointed .
He 's from my own party .
He 's a Republican .
He does n't represent my views . "
Well , I do n't represent his views , evidently , and I do n't intend to .
The fact is that he wrote me a letter saying to me that , you know , the idea of -- they celebrate the idea of diversity .
Well , celebrating the idea of diversity is a great thing .
Nobody is opposed to it , certainly not I.
But when you make it , as I said to him , almost a state religion , things change .
When you have massive immigration into a particular area of people , many of whom -- many of whom , not all -- do not want to be integrated , do not want to assimilate -- and on the other hand , you have a society there , and a civil government -- the government in Miami , the government of the state of Florida saying you should n't .
Never mind , do n't assimilate .
That 's when you have the separation I 'm talking about .
That 's when you have half of the population speaking a language other than English .
We need to think about things that pull us together in this country , not things that keep separating us .
We need a common language .
We need the government to try to encourage that .
We need to communicate with each other , Wolf .
Congressman Tancredo also tells me he 's convinced that grassroots Republicans are looking for someone who can articulate the issues they care about deeply .
He says that if he gets the nomination , he thinks he can win the race for the White House .
It 's a hit TV show , and it turns out some of its biggest fans of the action thriller series " 24 " are actually so-called neo - conservatives .
CNN 's Carol Costello is joining us live from New York with more on why this program apparently is so appealing to so many people -- Carol .
Oh , is it ever , Wolf .
You want to hear some descriptions of " 24 " ?
Well , according to " Newsweek " magazine , it has a watchful , paranoid visual action .
It feels real .
If you watched it last night , it was scary and ridiculous at the same time .
It is incredibly popular with conservative men .
Dick Cheney is a fan .
Justice Clarence Thomas is a fan .
