Barbara , as always , our thanks to you .
OK .
Still ahead on YOUR WORLD TODAY , Apple 's CEO says his product will revolutionize the market .
CLANC
And why would n't he ?
It is a mobile phone , and it 's also an Internet browser , and it 's also , did we tell you , a music mayor .
We 'll have a look at the new iPhone coming up straight ahead .
And hello , everyone .
I 'm Tony Harris at the CNN Center in Atlanta .
More of YOUR WORLD TODAY in just a few minutes .
But first , a check on stories making headlines in the United States .
A developing story out of south Florida .
Police in North Miami Beach responding to reports of a suspicious package outside a Navy recruiting office .
The bomb squad has been called in .
Authorities have cordoned off the area .
Police say the location is across from a shopping mall in a busy commercial district .
We will keep you updated as developments come in to the " NEWSROOM. "
Months in the making and already under fire , President Bush unveils his new Iraq plan in a primetime television address tonight .
Democrats are already planning to challenge the new strategy .
Sources say the plan calls for sending about 20,000 more U.S. troops to Iraq .
A U.S. officials says the first deployments would begin by the end of this month .
We 're told the goal is for Iraqi forces to take control of security throughout the country by November .
U.S. troops would remain to support the Iraqi forces .
Sources say the plan also calls for about $ 1 billion in new economic aid to Iraq .
That 's on top of the more $ 300 billion already committed .
CNN 's special coverage of the president 's speech begins at 7:00 p.m. Eastern with comprehensive analysis before and after the address .
A school bus accident to tell you about in Pennsylvania , sending seven students and the driver to the hospital .
A tractor-trailer collided with a bus in Wernersville , Pennsylvania .
That 's about an hour 's drive outside Philadelphia .
No immediate word on the conditions of the students or the driver .
Stay with CNN for details as they become available .
The House is back on the clock today .
It 's the second day of the Democrats ' first 100 hours agenda .
On the clock today , raising the federal minimum hourly wage from $ 5.15 to $ 7.25 .
The Democrats took nearly seven hours Tuesday to pass anti-terror legislation .
On Capitol Hill , the torch passes .
An era goes up in smoke .
New House Speaker Nancy Pelosi today announced a smoking ban in one of the last have ns .
Between bills and bickering , lawmakers could light up in the speaker 's lobby area of the Capitol building .
Pelosi cites the danger of second-hand smoke for her decision .
Let 's check weather conditions around the country right now .
In New Orleans , 10 days , nine deaths , crimes back in a big way in the Big Easy .
Can anything be done to stop it ?
Plans for curfews and more cops coming up at 1:00 p.m. here in the NEWSROOM.
In the meantime , " YOUR WORLD TODAY " continues after a quick break .
I 'm Tony Harris .
