She 's joining us now from New York with a closer look at some other important stories making news -- hi , Carol .
Hi , Wolf .
Hello to all of you
Their job is to uphold the law , but the FBI says it could have done that better in the case of the former congressman who sent explicit instant messages to young Congressional workers .
That 's the conclusion of a Justice Department report .
It says the FBI should have acted instead of declining when it learned Mark Foley sent the messages to a former House pages .
The report did not find any misconduct by FBI officials .
If you or someone you know is age 50 or older and taking some of the more popular anti-depressants , beware .
A new study from Canadian researchers says older people taking anti-depressants like Zoloft , Prozac and others , face double the risk of bone fractures .
However , the study says more research is needed to actually confirm this and that the risk of bone fractures should be balanced against the positive beneficial effects of these drugs .
In the meantime , the world 's biggest drug maker hopes to shed some pounds , so to speak .
Pfizer says it will cut 10,000 jobs and close at least five facilities .
Pfizer hopes to cut annual costs by up to $ 2 billion next year .
Pfizer hopes to better battle the fierce competition with the makers of generic drugs .
Those are the latest headlines right now -- Wolf .
All right , we 'll see you in a few minutes , Carol .
The people who hope to replace President Bush are out making moves .
But as virtually anyone can tell you , the road to the White House used to and always still does , at least for now , wind through New Hampshire .
Our national correspondent , Bob Franken , is joining us from Manchester , the state capital -- Bob .
Well , it 's a well worn road already , Wolf .
The candidates have been coming here over and over because New Hampshire has a tradition that goes back a long , long time , to 1920 , with its first in the nation primary .
In exactly one year from today , the first primary of the 2008 presidential race takes place here and the candidates are already coming out of the Web work .
But they 'll need to leave their computer screens .
They need to come here .
And they need to talk to us and let us know that we 're going to see some real changes and real benefits to the people of the state and the country .
The people of New Hampshire are often belittled as too small in number , too white , too quirky , perhaps , to have such an influence on the presidential race .
But these supposedly atypical people have the very typical belief that the State of the Union , their union , too , is in need of an overhaul .
We have to find a strong candidate who is willing to talk about the things that we ought to be doing in this country .
Interestingly , the concerns seem to go far beyond the war in Iraq -- more a general feeling that the state of the union is a state of discontent .
And they 're looking for candidates who can address that discontent -- face to face .
