Let me ask you about what the Chinese government is now doing .
Presumably , with their decision they 're making it sound like very fat people , people on modest incomes , single people , should n't adopt .
You are , as you mentioned , a mental health professional , and you run into children who have been adopted .
Do you run into kids who are suffering because of these kinds of problems ?
Because of income or facial deformities or obesity ?
I think the way they put their regulations in some ways is kind of peculiar , and I think if they had really talked about actuarial tables in terms of health and not just the obesity thing , it probably would have been a little easier for us to hear .
And I do have to say , because I know so many wonderful single-parent families , and I can also talk about families where parents are on antidepressants and they 're wonderful parents , that initially when I heard these regulations , I had a very negative reaction .
But on a global perspective , I thought more about it and I realized that it 's really a great thing for China because it means that there are fewer children being abandoned , and that 's a wonderful thing .
And as one of your earlier guests mentioned , there seems to be a softening of their cultural bias against girls , and that 's a good thing .
And I think what we 'll see as a result , and already are , single moms are going to -- single women who want to be parents are going to places , like India , and couples are also going to Central and South America and they 're going to other Asian countries , Eastern European , and so it will only enrich America to have just more diversity , I think , in our families .
So the way you 're saying it is , however awkwardly and inelegantly , the Chinese authorities are just responding to the fact that there is enormous demand for these children and they 're trying to be more selective .
Yes .
What tends to be the most common problem ?
Obviously , the Chinese think there 's some health problem .
There 's an economic problem .
If you were going to wave a magic wand and try to help all of these kids all at once , what would you suggest ?
Well , I think , you know , most child welfare experts do believe that the most successful families are when there is not a blatant cultural difference , and that 's in general terms .
But in fact , if you look at the history of adoption in this country , the American Association of Black Social Workers in the Seventies , and it still holds for today , had a very strong position against white families adopting black children , and it was n't only , I think it was 1994 , that the courts here ruled that race could not be a bias against cross-racial adoption .
So it definitely has been the child welfare thinking that the same culture is of value , but with that said , we see so many of these rich , diverse examples of cross-cultural families that are absolutely thriving .
