I was told that he was Devlin 's son and , you know , the first obvious thought , I believed him .
And I picked up the phone --
Last year , Rick Butler says he found a cell phone in front of his apartment , and when he called a stored number , Devlin picked up .
Michael picked the phone up , and then put Hornbeck on the phone .
Rick says the phone belonged to Shawn .
And I gave him directions to my apartment and he said , I live across the street .
It will only take me just a few minutes .
So he came over and picked up his phone .
He seemed a little bit nervous , but did n't act like there was anything out of the ordinary .
Butler says he assumed Hornbeck was Devlin 's son .
Several months ago , he says , the two were pitching a tent on the grass .
He was just a single father with his boy , you know , getting ready for a camping trip .
So I did n't think anything unusual about it .
We , of course , now know Ben and Shaw n 's stay at Devlin 's apartment was anything but .
However , not one resident we spoke with sensed something was wrong .
HARRY REICHARD , DEVLIN 'S NEIGHBO
He just seemed to me just like an average euphoric child , as young kids are , just going back and forth with their , you know , guardian or parent or relative or whoever , and he did n't seem to display any type of social dysfunctions .
We also know something else about Devlin .
We know that he has a family and that they seem to care for him .
This is a statement put out by his family today .
This is Devlin 's family .
They say , quote , " Just as we are relieved that both Ben and Shawn are now safe , we hope that Michael will be safe as the facts of his case are revealed . "
Well , whenever a child is missing for a long stretch of time , police come up with a sketch of what the child might look like now .
Certainly if time has passed , children age , their faces change .
How did that work in this case ?
You 're going to find out next in the NEWSROOM.
Also , it 's treacherous out there , especially if you 're living along the Midwest and it could get even worse in some places .
Meteorologist Bonnie Schneider has been watching that for us .
She tells us how much longer this deep freeze is going to last and where it 's going to be affecting .
I 'm Reggie Aqui in Oklahoma City .
About that deep freeze , we 've gone through three rounds of this ice storm .
It has some people reaching for a higher power .
We 'll explain , coming up when CNN continues .
These are the big headlines today , Missouri boys Ben Ownby and Shawn Hornbeck are spending more private time with their families today .
We 're getting conflicting images about their alleged abductor though .
That 's Michael Devlin .
You see him right there in the middle .
His employer calls him a well mannered worker .
Neighbors describe him as a loner with a quick temper .
