I think the real cost of benefit analysis in their heads and say , you know , I 'm better off just doing commercial sex work for three years .
When I graduate , I drop it .
But in a country where one in five people between 15 and 49 is infected with HIV , many do n't make it .
Of the six student prostitutes the professor followed through graduation , four contracted the virus .
Two of them died , and two were terminally ill when they graduated of the - of the six students .
This is just a tip of an iceberg .
But that 's not stopping Tariro ( ph ) from hoping she 'll beat the odds .
Things will become easier , and then when I finish my school , I will leave this job , this prostitution .
Solana Pyne , Harare , Zimbabwe .
As you just saw , reporting from and on Zimbabwe is challenging .
Issues concerning human rights are part of the discussion on the country .
To talk more about that , Isha Sesay spoke to Arnold Tsunga , Zimbabwean human rights lawyer , about conditions in his home country .
He joined us from the United States , where he 's currently at the University of Minnesota .
Zimbabwe is going through a catastrophe .
I can only say it 's a catastrophe because I do n't think there is any way in the world where -- you should look at the basic statistics about the condition of the nation , the condition of human life that you can find anything so ugly in terms of statistics .
For example , Zimbabweans now are people who have got the lowest life span in the world .
At 34 years , is the average life span , down from 69 in about 1999 , and we have about 3,000 to 4,0000 people dying every week as the result of combination of factors centering around the system , you know , the failure in the governance system .
Those are indeed grave figures that you mention .
And I know that in addition to the high unemployment , the hyperinflation , the poverty in itself , the government in itself - the government of Zimbabwe is targeting people as well .
Tell us a little bit about that .
Yes , in terms of targeting people .
You know , with the serious decline in the socioeconomic condition in our country , with high unemployment , all the dead figures , the inevitable factor is that there is the increase in the level of activism on the part of people .
Human rights activists increase in numbers , the political opponents of the state increase in numbers , and the government response has been very repressive .
They 've passed repressive legislation .
They have selectively applied that repressive legislation .
But foremost , they 've also used what we refer to as organized torture environments , above the administrative persecution .
So , for example , our lawyers , as ( inaudible ) for human rights , we 've represented in 2006 alone 1,800 human rights activists .
We 've been ( inaudible ) , arrested and detained and subjected to - to torture merely for trying to promote and protect human rights .
You yourself have been targeted for the work you 're doing .
Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch have released statements in the past saying they fear for your life .
Can you talk to us a little bit about that situation ?
