Yes .
The political piece , it is composed of the following elements : the national oil law , which is the remarkable law in that it does not take a sectarian cast ; a new de-ba'athification policy which already has allowed the -- a number of officers to return to the armed forces and pensions to be paid , and there will be further effort on that ; a commitment to provincial elections , which the Sunnis feel will be important to writing the disproportionate -- disproportionately low share of their representation in provincial councils because they boycotted the elections early on .
These are the elements of a national reconciliation plan .
And I do n't think , Senator , it can be imposed from the outside .
I do think the Iraqis themselves ...
Listening now to more from the Senate Foreign Relations Committee .
And these are the hearings on the administration 's plan for Iraq .
Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice responding at the moment to Senator John Kerry and some questions that he had .
We will continue to monitor that for you .
The Iraq Study Group , they advised the White House .
And now that the president has decided on a strategy , a member of the panel visits the NEWSROOM.
That 's coming up .
And promises , promises .
The president 's plan depends on Iraqi action .
Can the struggling government make it work ?
We will talk with Iraq 's top diplomat in the U.S. ahead in the NEWSROOM.
Looking for hope in embryonic stem cells .
I believe I 'll walk again .
I believe this very firmly .
More federal money for stem cell research , it 's on the House agenda today .
Details in the NEWSROOM.
And this news just in to us here at CNN.
We have learned the Democrats have chosen Denver , the Mile High City , for the site of their 2008 Democratic convention .
And once again , the Mile High City , Denver , Colorado , will be the spot for the 2008 Democratic convention .
We 'll bring more information to you if something else should develop on that .
So now we know .
Meanwhile , President Bush spells out the new strategy for Iraq .
The administration says it is an Iraqi plan , and success depends on Iraq fulfilling its promises .
Joining us from Washington to talk about just that , the Iraqi ambassador to the U.S. , Samir al Sumaidaie .
Thank you , sir , for being with us .
Thank you .
Let 's go ahead and listen to a little bit of what the president said last night .
He described the last two years as follows .
The elections of 2005 were a stunning achievement .
We thought that these elections would bring the Iraqis together , and that as we trained Iraqi security forces we could accomplish our mission with fewer American troops .
But in 2006 , the opposite happened .
The violence in Iraq , particularly in Baghdad , overwhelmed the political gains the Iraqis had made .
Mr.
Ambassador , tell us what you think happened in that one year , in your view .
Well , we have learned a lot of lessons .
The last year has been tough on the Americans and it has been even tougher , much tougher , on the Iraqis .
