Good morning .
Back in 1998 there was a big freeze in California .
They lost 85 percent of the crop .
We 're now looking at 50 to 70 percent of the crop being destroyed by this freeze .
The value of that is about a billion dollars .
Now , there are 12,500 farm workers and packers employed in this industry , and then hundreds more truckers who take this juice in .
The government -- Governor Schwarzenegger has said that they will be supporting those workers who are out of work with food programs , temporary housing and energy assistance .
You wo n't get unemployment if you 're not able to legally prove that you can work , but everybody will get the other forms of assistance because of this .
Now , frozen orange juice is a traded commodity , like oil .
It trades on the exchanges .
And it has gone up by 7 cents , for those of you who are interested in knowing .
It is now $ 2.07 a pound , which is about the highest it 's ever been .
That 's going to find its way to your stores .
People are going to be paying more for this .
And also , Florida , which is the number one producer of oranges and orange juice in the country , is producing one of its smallest crops ever .
It 's a lot smaller than it was last year for other reasons , not just the weather .
Hurricane issues and other issues there .
Yes .
So you 're going to -- you 're going to feel this .
You 're going to -- you 're going to get -- pay higher prices for citrus and for the juices .
All right .
Ali , thank you very much .
Thanks for the bad news .
Yes .
Thanks a lot .
Top stories of the morning coming up next , including a CNN exclusive .
Surveillance video showing a toxic spill in a subway station .
Questions about where this man is and what he was trying to do .
You 're watching AMERICAN MORNING.
The most news in the morning is right here on CNN.
A CNN exclusive .
Surveillance pictures of a man spilling or pouring toxic liquid onto a subway platform .
He 's still missing and authorities are asking questions about terrorism .
Breaking ranks .
Republican senators taking a defiant stand against President Bush 's plan to send thousands of new troops to Iraq .
And we 're paging Dr. Gutpa .
Floss for your health .
Now we know it can help your teeth and your heart , but it may actually keep cancer at bay as well .
We 'll tell about that on this on this AMERICAN MORNING.
Good morning to you .
Thursday , January 18th .
I 'm Miles O'Brien .
And I 'm Alina Cho in for Soledad .
Thanks for joining us .
Happening this morning , two prominent Republican senators breaking ranks with President Bush on Iraq .
Chuck Hagel of Nebraska and Olympia Snowe of Maine are supporting a new bipartisan resolution .
It opposes the White House plan to send 21,000 more troops to Iraq .
We talked to Senator Hagel earlier on AMERICAN MORNING.
He says the resolution is an important first step .
This is the beginning of a national debate on what we should do .
No one is suggesting Soledad , in this resolution , I never have , I do n't think any of my colleagues up here have , to cut and run , to leave Iraq in the mess that it 's in .
We are not talking about that .
We are talking about better ways to do it .
Included in this resolution are some of those ways .
