In trademark Bush style , he defied his critics and upped the ante , not only ordering more troops to Iraq , but vowing , key operational shifts will include new efforts to counter Iranian and Syrian action that threatens coalition forces .
Such talk alarmed some in Congress .
Let me say that again : explicitly denies you the authority to go into Iran .
The administration , though , says it has no intention of widening the conflict .
We can take care of the security for our troops by doing the business we need to do inside of Iraq .
Another key tactical shift raising eyebrows is a plan to remobilize the National Guard , which most governors oppose .
And , most of all , critics cite the promise of bold new steps by Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki , the same prime minister the president 's national security adviser described in a recent classified memo as unwilling or unable to make the necessary tough choices .
Bush really has no choice .
He has bet on that horse , and now he 's stuck with him .
In his mind , his main audience now is history , rather than current opinion .
( END VIDEOTAPE )
The one area where the president is get some credit , even from some Democrats , Wolf , is for being more contrite last night , for acknowledging past mistakes and for accepting responsibility for them .
But it 's an interesting dynamic .
Some say that contrition will help Mr. Bush out in the country with the American people .
But here in Washington , it is used this way : many of the president 's critics say an administration and a president that got so much so wrong ca n't be trusted now to get it right .
John , thank you for that .
John King reporting .
With determined opposition from Democrats , a revolt in the Republican ranks and skepticism from a war-weary public , President Bush certainly has a very tough job selling this plan to send more American troops to Iraq .
But can he pull it off ?
Joining us now from the White House , the Press Secretary Tony Snow .
Tony , thanks very much for coming in .
My pleasure , Wolf .
The president seems to be losing a lot of support -- forget about the Democrats -- but from his Republican base .
Some of the senators , who in the last day or so have come out against his troop increase proposal : Sam Brownback , Norm Coleman , Susan Collins , Chuck Hagel , Gordon Smith , Olympia Snowe , Arlen Specter , George Voinovich .
These are good foot soldiers in your battle .
What 's going on ?
Well , these are people who have also disagreed with the president on other things , Wolf .
You know , what I think is happening is we 're at the beginning of a process now where people are going to take a look at a comprehensive plan .
What a lot of people have done is said , " OK , we do n't want troops going in . "
And so they look at that one piece .
What we 're saying to the American public is , " Look at all of the pieces .
See how it all works together . "
This is not just Americans going in on their own .
As a matter of fact , what we 've said to the Iraqis is , " You 've got to be in the lead on everything . "
