Another journalist was kidnapped in Gaza today .
He is 50-year- old Jaime Razuri , a Peruvian photographer with a French news agency , AFP.
Arm militants abducted Razuri in Gaza City , just before sundown .
This is the latest of string of kidnappings of journalists and aid workers in Gaza in recent months .
Most have been released after a few hours .
A Federal Aviation Administration spokeswoman says a pilot who flew a small plane into the skies over President Bush 's Crawford , Texas ranch , did so accidentally .
The plane wandered into the restricted air space at midday yesterday .
And Air Force spokesman says NORAD scrambled F-16 fighter jets .
The jets got the pilot 's attention with flares .
He landed , was interviewed , and then sent on his way .
And Federal Aviation Officials are chalking up a UFO sighting to odd weather anomaly , but some United Airline workers beg to differ .
A report in today 's " Chicago Tribune " quotes them as saying they are sure they saw a saucer-shape craft over O'Hare airport last fall .
They say it had no lights , hovered , then shot off through the clouds .
The FAA is not investigating , Wolf .
We want to see those pictures , right , Mary ?
Absolutely .
Once we see the pictures , we will make up our own mind .
Thanks very much for that .
Coming up , now that a brutal former dictator is dead , might 2007 be less brutal for Iraq and Iraqis ?
I will speak with " New York Times " reporter John Burns , Pulitzer Prize winner , about Iraq 's future after Saddam Hussein .
John is in Baghdad .
Meanwhile , now that Saddam Hussein is dead some of his supporters want revenge .
They are calling for strikes against the United States , without mercy .
We 'll be right back .
To our viewers , you are in THE SITUATION ROOM , where new pictures ask information are arriving all the time .
Happening now , Saddam Hussein 's final minutes .
What really happened in the gallows as the former dictator about to be hanged ?
We have new details about what was said , including taunting by guards and how Saddam Hussein responded .
Also , Somalia 's government reclaims the capital .
But will it be able to secure the peace ?
And what happens when thousands of Ethiopian troops , backing them up , go home ?
And the New Year promising to bring a new crop of presidential contenders .
We are going to show you the roster for the next race for the White House .
I 'm Wolf Blitzer .
You are in THE SITUATION ROOM.
All that coming up , but first , we want to go back to the United States capitol , the Rotunda , specifically , on Capitol Hill .
There is Betty Ford the 88-year-old widow of the former President Gerald R. Ford .
She 's returning to see the casket of her husband 's body lying in state .
This is an emotional moment for Betty Ford .
She will sit .
She is an elderly woman .
Clearly she was moved , and has been moved , throughout this ordeal .
Wants to spend a few moments with the body , with the casket , just before she returns tomorrow morning to the National Cathedral , will be the scene for the final memorial service here in the nation 's capitol .
Eventually the body will go to Grand Rapids , Michigan , for burial .
