It 's a process , see in the upper right hand of your screen , you see that tent outside -- they pass through that tent and a number of things take place to make sure that they fully examine the people , if , indeed , they have been exposed to anything dangerous .
They have closed off the primary entrance of the building , but I understand that any trials that were ongoing while this discovery was made , they are allowed to continue .
So those people are still inside the building .
In the meantime , a number of other people have been evacuated from the building .
I understand we have a public information officer with the Palm Beach sheriff 's office who is joining us now on the phone -- Teri Barbera .
Teri , if you can clarify any of the information that I 've just given or perhaps you have any added information ?
What 's the latest ?
At this time , I understand that mail came into our mail room this morning either at 8:00 a.m. or 11:00 a.m.
A member of the mail room was getting ready to deliver mail .
She left from the mail room area , walked into the library area , and then up to two different judge chambers on the ninth floor of the courthouse .
At that time is when the white powdery substance was discovered .
I understand in her package of mail , it was between a few other packages and it was n't determined at the very beginning that there was a white powdery substance in her hand .
So , at that point , she discovered it .
Authorities were notified .
The West Palm Beach fire rescue is here , along with our hazmat .
Hazmat tested the white powdery substance and it appeared it 's called tellurium , which is a silvery , white in color and it has a metallic type luster .
We have five individuals that came in contact with this white powdery substance and they are being decontaminated right now as we speak .
The FBI is here as well and they are in the process of reading the contents of the envelope to determine if there has been any threat .
All right .
A couple of things then Teri .
A) What is tellurium ?
And B) did this substance seep from the envelopes thereby exposing people or is the exposure based on those who have handled the envelopes .
BARBER
It was secreting from the envelope , however she was now aware this was occurring as she went on delivering .
So , when we checked back we realized that she had been in the area of the law library as well as two separate judge chambers on the ninth floor of the courthouse .
What is your understanding of what tellurium is ?
Excuse me ?
What is tellurium ?
I 'm being told it 's a white , silvery white substance .
It has metallic luster to it .
It 's in the sulfur family .
I do n't know much more about that , about it at this time .
But as a precaution , people are being decontaminated because exposure something like tellurium could be potentially dangerous or is ...
