Who would stay in a room like this ?
This room here is typical of a spouse , a family type of setting where a spouse comes in .
And she 's able to spend time with her husband .
Oftentimes , they 're inpatients initially .
But then , when the service member gets out and he can join his family here , or she , then this is a wonderful setup .
Whenever he 's in the hospital or anything like that , I can be close .
Like I can just walk over to the hospital .
Just to have my wife close to me every day really made a difference .
WILSO
All of the bathrooms are fully handicapped accessible .
Actually , all of the rooms , this house has large hallways .
The bathrooms , excuse me , are large .
In fact , I was newly blinded .
Both arms , both of my arms were in a cast so I could n't feed myself , I could n't wash myself .
You know , I could n't do anything for myself .
So I need to have Heather , you know , feed me , bathe me , just everything .
You 're seeing a lot more soldiers that are coming back who have lost limbs , for instance .
And oftentimes , spinal cord injuries or traumatic brain injuries that inhibit them from being ambulatory as they want to be or can be .
And thank God , the Fisher House is here because if it was n't , we would n't , I do n't know how far Jason would be in his recovery .
Welcome to our family room .
This is the most used room , because this is where the soldier can come back , oftentimes the first time he sees us his family since he 's returned from war .
Is right here .
Right here .
You have a 52 inch TV .
When the houses are turned over , it 's turnkey , including all of the furnishings .
We like to think of the Fisher House as a home for all service members who are returning back from war , who have a place to always go to .
So glad to help .
That 's CNN 's Robin Meade reporting .
While the Hummer auction brought in more than $ 1 million , your donations are still very much needed .
Just go to www.fisherhouse .org .
By the way , not done yet .
25 minutes the man who shelled out that $ 1 million is going to be right here with us , telling us why he did it and what it means to him .
Also in two weeks now since two boys reunited with their families .
The suspect is behind bars , but so many questions are now coming to the forefront .
Did Shawn Hornbeck try to reach out to police ?
If not , why not ?
Is Michael Devlin linked to other kidnappings ?
Our panel 's going to be taking on some of those tough questions .
We 'll be talking to them next .
Up next , though , you probably thought that she was already in the presidential race .
Now Hillary Clinton makes it official .
And she wants to enter your living room while she does so .
Much more ahead in the CNN NEWSROOM.
I announced today that I 'm forming a presidential exploratory committee .
I 'm not just starting a campaign though , I 'm beginning a conversation with you , with America .
Because we all need to be part of the discussion , if we 're all going to be part of the solution .
