Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice live there from the State Department .
Real quickly , just to let you know as , of course , she and all of us within the media waiting for the president to make his speech this Wednesday on a new direction in Iraq .
She 's talking about two big changes there .
And that is the U.S. ambassador to Pakistan , Ryan Crocker , to fill the Baghdad post , which U.S. ambassador to Iraq Zalmay Khalilzad once held .
He is now going to be moved to the U.S. representative to the United Nations .
Our Liz Neisloss , who joins the U.N. , joins us now live to tell us a little bit more about this change in direction .
We 're seeing it not only on the political level , Liz , but also the military level , but we have n't had a chance to talk much about this aspect , the U.N. versus military , which dominated our headlines last week .
Well , that 's right , Kyra .
And Secretary of State Rice just called the U.N. a tall order , and Khalilzad will have quite a bit of work ahead of him .
On his plate , he does have Iraq , as you mentioned .
He has Darfur , and he also has Iran , the tough nuclear issue .
Sanctions have been imposed on Iran .
They still have to be worked out .
And you still have an Iran that is not willing to give up its nuclear program .
And I spoke with the Iranian ambassador to the U.N. , and he said it remains to be seen how this candidate , potentially new ambassador , will work out .
He said it depends .
It depends on whether he wants to deal with the realities or whether he wants to make a name for himself .
There is still a little bit of lingering hostility in Iran about the approach that Khalilzad took in Afghanistan in his poach -- his post there , dealing with the Taliban as perhaps a counterbalance to the Iranians .
And the ambassador told me that Khalilzad never belonged to the school that believed in talking to Iran .
He believed in talking to the Taliban , not to Iran .
So , a little bit less than enthusiastic response from a key ambassador , the Iranian ambassador .
Now one other point , Kyra .
A lot of questions are being asked by the media about Khalilzad 's religion .
He is a Sunni Muslim .
So that 's perhaps unusual for an American diplomat , but here at the United Nations , diplomats are still cautious .
He 's an American diplomat .
He 'll be taking American instructions .
But South Africa 's ambassador , who is now on the Security Council , was asked about whether his religion mattered .
And his answer , I 'm a Methodist .
Does that matter -- Kyra .
PHILLIP
It seems like religion definitely matters in every aspect of what 's taking place now overseas and definitely there at the U.N. Liz Neisloss , appreciate you monitoring that for us .
Thanks .
A new source of stem cells .
That 's the question .
Scientists using a new source to get those building blocks , but will it change the ethical and political debate ?
Certainly a question .
That 's ahead in the CNN NEWSROOM. "
