The fact is the House wants to act now , the Senate wants to act some time in the future .
So even without engaging Iraq right away , the Democrats have their work cut out -- 100 hours to show if Washington is seeing real change or just a shift change .
Tom Foreman , CNN, Washington .
And So Uncle Sam wants you and maybe you want him -- patriotism , job training , money for college , young men and women enlist for a variety of reasons .
But how often does it end up like this ?
One New York couple has been declared AWOL because they left the service when it became clear recruiters promised that they would serve together and not have to go to Iraq was wrong .
But let 's ask our legal experts what you should look for in an enlistment contract before signing up .
Avery Freidman is a civil rights attorney and law professor .
Good to see you .
Happy new year .
Hi , Fredricka .
And Richard Herman is a New York criminal defense attorney .
Happy new year to you as well .
Happy new year , Fred .
All right .
So gentleman , before we get to the contract , let 's talk about the promises that might be exchanged between possible enlistee and the recruiter .
So Richard , what should people expect ?
And what should they take away from that initial conversation ?
Well , Fred , if you 're going to take lessons to jump out of a plane you know that 's a dangerous activity .
But if you 're going to enlist in the armed forces , that 's an inherently dangerous activity .
You better do your homework , you better go to goarmy .com .
You better do as much as research as you can when you sit down with a recruiter to enter into this contract .
Any verbal representations that are made are null and void , they 're meaningless , their of no force and effect .
The document , the written agreement sets forth exactly what the terms are and if you do n't get it in writing , you have no grounds to appeal anything .
You 're in .
All right .
So Avery , your take .
I mean a lot of folks might be thinking well , I want to sign up because I want some assistance in my college education or I want to get some kind of special traing that I think no one else can give me , but I 'm not interested in going to war .
Now when we 're a nation in peacetime maybe your expectations can be that , that you wo n't be going to war .
But we 're not .
Well , the reality is that the army is under huge pressure to meet goals in terms of increasing recruitment .
So there are occasions , there are truly occasions where recruiters have gone over the line .
So I figured what we should do is let 's check out the state of the law .
In all our research from the time that we 've had enlistment contracts in the history of America , the total number of cases in which contracts , recruitment contracts were been invalidated based on oral representations of a written contract have been a total of zero .
