Nowhere was the call for a new direction more clear from the American people than in the war in Iraq .
Democrats are enraged by reports that the president will call for a buildup of U.S. troops .
And it 's not just Democrats .
I believe that the American people are way ahead of the Congress .
But Democrats have a problem .
There is not a lot Congress can do .
Congress is not the commander in chief .
The president has the authority , I suppose , to expand involvement , if he wants to .
The first thing Democrats will do is exercise oversight responsibility on the war , which they say Congress has ignored for years .
No foreign policy can be sustained in America without the informed consent of the American people -- the informed consent .
The Senate Foreign Relations and Armed Services committees will begin hearings this week , as will the House Foreign Affairs Committee and other House committees soon .
Democrats have pledged they will not cut funding for the troops .
We will always support the troops who are there .
But , the speaker warned :
But there 's not a carte blanche and a blank check to him to do whatever he wishes there .
Suppose Congress cuts off funding for additional troops ?
The president would simply veto it .
In a war , the powers of Congress are limited .
But a president will have great difficulty pursuing a policy , in defiance of the people .
No president can -- can -- can be successful , in the conduct of any war , without the support of the American people .
The people spoke in the election .
The establishment spoke in the Iraq Study Group report .
Now the Democratic Congress is speaking .
What will it take to persuade this president ?
Probably pressure from his own Republican base , if they see political disaster looming -- Wolf .
And Republicans increasingly raising some skepticism about this troop increase .
Thanks very much , Bill Schneider , for that .
Meanwhile , Senator John McCain has clearly positioned himself as a leading , and some would argue , lonely advocate of a troop increase in Iraq .
The future of the U.S. forces is hanging in the balance .
And so , perhaps , is Senator McCain 's bid for the GOP presidential nomination .
Let 's turn to our senior political correspondent , Candy Crowley .
She is here with more on McCain 's gamble -- Candy .
Wolf , the question is , can a presidential contender find success , when , on the premier issue of the day , he holds a position counter to that of most American voters ?
We will see .
And you thought the argument over Iraq was about Bush administration policy .
Perhaps you forget there 's a presidential campaign under way .
Exhibit one : Democratic contender John Edwards .
I reject , categorically , what I call the McCain doctrine , which is an escalation of this war and a surge of troops .
As they rev up for a presidential campaign in an anti- war climate , those close to John McCain say he recognizes his chances could be hurt by his super-hawk stance .
To be of value , the surge must be substantial , and it must be sustained .
