Our crews are in place on Capitol Hill .
Stay with CNN throughout the day for unfolding details .
Know your enemy -- U.S. troops going into Iraq under fire .
Who 's behind the attacks ?
A check in THE NEWSROOM.
Targeting the terrorists responsible for the U.S. Embassy bombings in Africa .
Did the al Qaeda suspicious get away or were they even there in the first place ?
Details on U.S. air strikes in Somalia coming up .
Looking for hope in embryonic stem cells .
I believe I 'll walk again .
I believe this very firmly .
More federal money for stem cell research .
It 's on the House agenda today .
And young , naive and oh so lovely -- a Massachusetts moose abandons the wild to hang out with the humans .
A beastly tourist attraction in the NEWSROOM.
On this morning after the big speech , the big push on Capitol Hill .
Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and defense chief Robert Gates appearing before lawmakers .
The reception from the Democratic-controlled Congress less than enthusiastic , some would say .
CNN Congressional correspondent Andrea Koppel joining us now -- so , Andrea , some of these Democrats now happy with the plan .
But just how much real resistance can they offer to its execution ?
Well , Heidi , you know , depending upon what they choose to do , quite a bit .
At one end of the spectrum , there 's always the power of the purse .
They could cut off funds for the war , something that Democrats say they 've taken off the table for the existing troops in Iraq .
But they could do so for future troops .
Then you could also have what Senate Democrats are considering doing next week , and we expect them to do so , which is to introduce a resolution which would be mostly symbolic , but would criticize President Bush and show Congressional opposition to his decision to move more troops in .
And then you could have what 's happening today and tomorrow , and that is , you have Senate hearings and House hearings .
And , in fact , one of those who is going to be leading the hearing next -- tomorrow in the Senate Armed Services , Carl Levin , spoke to CNN a short time ago , and he said rather than boosting the number of troops in Iraq , we should be drawing them down .
The present course is a disastrous course , getting in deeper is a greater disastrous course .
Everybody wants to succeed in Iraq , obviously .
The president 's course is not the road to success .
You also have public statements that Congressional leaders can issue .
Yesterday , following the president 's speech , there was a joint statements from Democrat leaders in the House and the Senate in which they said we will demand answers to the tough questions that have not been asked or answered to date .
The American people want a change of course in Iraq .
We intend to keep pressuring President Bush to prove it .
Now , Heidi , even though they 're united in opposition to President Bush , there is still a lot of debate behind the scenes as to exactly what they should do next .
