He 's right by the front lawn .
He 's by the front lawn ( UNINTELLIGIBLE) .
Let 's go down to that .
U.S. and Iraqi forces take on insurgents in some of the most intense street fighting since the start of the war .
And CNN 's Arwa Damon is right there , embedded with the U.S. Army 3rd Stryker Brigade .
Here now , her exclusive report .
Right there , right there !
Move , move , move , move , move !
Come on , come on ( UNINTELLIGIBLE) .
All right , let 's go .
( UNINTELLIGIBLE ) I would say a total of 10 !
You got a total of 10 !
Ten insurgents are on the move below .
They 're moving in pairs .
OK .
They 're not the normal ( EXPLETIVE DELETED ) ( UNINTELLIGIBLE) .
The insurgents moving in pairs , maneuvering for sustained gun battle with the Americans , not simply firing and running away , as they usually do .
Roger that .
Check .
American troops are fighting the battle for Haifa Street from the roofs of the apartment buildings lining this main Baghdad thoroughfare .
It 's the far side .
Watch the far side .
The enemy today -- Sunni extremists , an explosive blend of both former Baathists and al Qaeda in Iraq .
Facing them , some 400 American troops and 500 Iraqi soldiers , fighting for control of a two mile strip of road .
The window far left .
The window far left .
The Iraqi soldiers are fighting side by side with the Americans on this rooftop .
The Americans are giving the orders .
( UNINTELLIGIBLE) .
This is more than an intense battle .
This is training the Iraqis to do the job .
Somebody 's there .
Just watch it .
He 'll pop out again .
The Americans and Iraqis are trying to get a fix on an insurgent in a window , but they are taking fires from all sides .
They 've got to get off this roof .
Go!
Go!
They move towards a building next door , moving to higher ground in this urban battlefield .
Cover your face .
We just got a ricochet over here .
The zing of bullets whistling past these soldiers ' ears , the snipers shooting at them , the ricochets just feet away -- it 's hour five .
The Iraqi troops below have gone door to door , to a number of buildings , but the insurgents keep moving and keep firing .
What do you make of that there ?
Huh ?
We 've got a flood of RPGs from the right side of that front lawn !
Where ?
The right side of the front lawn .
UNIDENTIFIED MAL
Let 's go down .
Let 's go down .
All right .
Let 's go down .
This soldier is trying to positively identify the gunmen whom they believe are shooting at them from the mosque located just 600 yards beyond this window .
They have received rocket-propelled grenade , machine gun and small arms fire from that location .
This battle has been going on for seven hours now , and , as the day progresses , is only getting more chaotic .
Finally , 10 hours after it began , the insurgents stop firing , 10 hours against a combined U.S.-Iraqi force of nearly 1,000 men .
In this case , the Iraqis could not have done it alone .
Arwa Damon , CNN, Baghdad .
Visions of victory leading people into battle .
