Ali , good morning .
How good is good ?
Good is really good .
We 're almost at 50 bucks a barrel .
I mean , you remember , we talked about this many times .
My big barrel of oil , and it was up to $ 78 a barrel .
A year and a half now , and this is partially because of the warm weather in the United States and in other parts of the world .
But the United States obviously is the single biggest consumer of oil in the world .
So , oil down to 50 bucks a barrel .
How does that translate to gas ?
Well , first of all , oil has dropped in the last month , let 's say , from about $ 64 to $ 51 , about a $ 13 drop .
Gas has dropped in the last month from about $ 2.30 a gallon to about $ 2.22 a gallon .
So that drop is n't complete if you believe that gas goes down with oil .
Yes .
But , you know , people we 've talked to said that the next 10 days or two weeks , expect a further drop in the price of gas .
And , you know , we were up on one of the sites , gasbuddy .com .
I counted 16 cities where you can get a gallon of gas , self-serve regular , for less than two bucks right now .
Get out of here .
Really ?
Hey , but I have to ask you -- let 's go back to a barrel now of crude .
Yes .
What happens ?
You 've seen the weather maps here .
We 're locked in kind of a deep freeze around the country .
Yes .
What happens if we get a spike in demand for home heating oil ?
What happens to the price of that barrel ?
I mean , here 's the thing .
There 's two aspects to his .
One is how much oil we actually buy and use , and the other is how much the traders think we 're going to buy and use .
And , you know , the minute it gets cold , they start thinking , oh my god , it 's going to be a deep freeze , the price of oil might go up .
But we were waiting for OPEC to see what OPEC is going to say about $ 50 a barrel .
Right .
And OPEC has said they 've got a cut scheduled for February 1st , half a million barrels a day , a production cut .
They do n't seed a need for any more cuts in oil .
So that has sort of stabilized it .
But you 're right , it 's cold now and we 're going to start using our heating oil .
The Northeast of the United States uses heating oil very heavily .
So we 'll have to see where this goes .
But for the time being , you might as well enjoy the price .
You might as well enjoy it .
Hey , how about this ?
So , the national average , $ 2.22 for a gallon of gas .
Might we soon see the return of the SUV ?
Yes .
Or am I getting away ahead of myself here ?
You 'll probably see -- no , Tony , you do n't .
That 's the funny thing about the American shopper .
Nobody ever waits .
I bet you they 're selling today .
