So if you 're going to have those type of troop numbers , 300,000 to 400,000 , you would have to have a much , much bigger military .
Basically , everybody in the U.S. Army and the U.S. Marine Corps is either in Iraq , getting ready to go to Iraq or just back from Iraq .
That 's the life they live .
I know guys who are coming back here and being home for only 10 months before they head back out again .
That 's their life for the least three years .
So it 's one thing to have 400,000 troops for four weeks .
It 's another thing to have 400,000 troops for four years .
You would really have to change the size of our military to do that .
In other words , we ca n't do today what we could do 15 or 17 years ago , given the nature of the size of the Marine Corps and the Army .
Let me get , briefly , into this -- the shuffle of the command structure in Iraq .
General Abizaid retiring .
General Casey leaving and becoming the Army chief of staff .
Critics are already saying you know what ?
They 're simply rearranging deck chairs on the Titanic , that this is n't going to make a big difference .
You know all these guys .
What do you think ?
Well , I do .
I know some of them pretty well .
I would n't see it as a house cleaning , but I think it is significant for a couple of reasons .
First , by promoting General Casey to be the Army chief of staff , for the first time , we 'll have an Iraq veteran sitting on the joint chiefs of staff .
And that 's going to give him a very big voice in deliberations at the Pentagon and in talking to the president at the White House , both the current president and the next one .
Also , by having an admiral take over Central Command from General Abizaid , that gives Army General Petraeus in Iraq a lot more running room .
He 's going to be the top Army dog out there in that fight .
And so I think Petraeus is going to have a lot more maneuverability than , say , Casey had , serving under another Army general , Abizaid .
So it 's going to be interesting in both those respects , to see the role that Casey plays back in Washington and the larger role that Petraeus is being given in Iraq .
Tom Ricks writes for the " Washington Post . "
He 's written a brilliant book entitled " Fiasco . "
If you have n't read it and if you 're interested in the war in Iraq , as you should be , you should read it .
Tom , thanks very much for coming in .
You 're welcome .
And still ahead tonight , California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger sworn in for his first full term on crutches .
We 're going to take you live to Sacramento for a look at his inauguration .
Plus , details of a dramatic rescue at sea of an American sailor adrift and alone on his disabled boat hundreds of miles from shore .
Stay with us .
You 're in THE SITUATION ROOM.
Arnold Schwarzenegger actually limped to his inaugural on crutches today , but the California governor may be politically stronger than ever after mining some important middle ground .
The Republican told supporters at his swearing-in ceremony that "centrist " -- and I 'm quoting now -- "does not mean weak . "
