Thank you .
Bye-bye .
And we 're waiting for a White House briefing to begin .
CNN has just learned the president is expected to make a major speech on Iraq next Wednesday night .
Our Suzanne Malveaux is attending that briefing .
She 's going to join us live .
We 're going to follow that briefing for you straight ahead from the NEWSROOM.
Taxpayer dollars for lawmaker pensions is one thing .
Taxpayer dollars for convicted lawmakers ' pensions is quite another .
Will the new ethics-minded Congress do anything about it ?
A live report .
Drew Griffin with his investigation up next .
Tornado warnings in southeast Georgia .
The new Congress has hit the ground running .
Lawmakers already have a plan to cut taxes .
Susan Lisovicz joins us from the New York Stock Exchange to explain all of that .
Hello , everyone , I 'm Kyra Phillips at the CNN World Headquarters in Atlanta .
And I 'm Don Lemon .
Pension shmension .
Drew Griffin 's report about convicted lawmakers drawing government pensions sure got all of you fired up .
Will the new ethics-minded Congress close the loophole ?
You 're live in the CNN NEWSROOM.
Live pictures of the White House there , Washington , D.C.
Our Suzanne Malveaux in a briefing , being told that we are expecting the president to make that speech on Iraq , that new direction in Iraq on Wednesday .
We are expecting to hear from White House representative Tony Snow at a briefing 4:00 p.m. Eastern time , we 're being told now , not at 3:00 Eastern time , but at 4:00 p.m. Eastern time .
We 'll bring it to you live when it happens .
Well , if you blinked , you missed it .
Yesterday 's passage in the House of a tough new ethics measure outlawing gifts and trips from lobbyists .
It was the first order of business for the 110th Congress , but many think ethics reform should go further .
They want lawmakers convicted of felonies to lose their pensions .
What timing you have .
CNN investigative correspondent Drew Griffin has been following all of that for us .
New information ?
I hope it 's good .
We have some new information coming up .
But , you know , that ethics bill passes yesterday , big hoopla over it .
There was not a mention , not one provision whatsoever that says a Congressman convicted of a felony would lose his pension .
They still get it .
RANDALL " DUKE" CUNNINGHAM , FORMER CONGRESSMA
I broke the law .
Convicted Congressman Randall " Duke " Cunningham is getting his $ 64,000 annual pension while sitting inside this federal prison .
I 'd like to have a little bit of room .
Convicted Congressman James Traficant , who snubbed his -- well , snubbed his fellow colleagues , is getting $ 40,000 while serving prison time as well .
And they are not alone .
The National Taxpayers Union says 20 lawmakers convicted of crimes over the last 25 years still got their pensions .
And the NTU estimates about a million taxpayer dollars every year are going to the pensions of Congressional crooks .
It 's hard , unless maybe you 're a member of Congress or a former member of Congress , for anybody to understand how on Earth you could ask taxpayers to pay pensions for people like that .
