So , how about the winds there ?
There 's a blowing snow advisory in effect , we 're hearing that from our meteorologist that winds are being clocked at somewhere between , you know , 45 miles - per-hour and higher , in certain areas , would that impact conditions there at your ski resort ?
Would that make for any kind of dangerous conditions that you need to look out for ?
No, not in terms of dangerous conditions .
We would certainly shut down any lift that would go into an exposed area where winds would be up to 45 miles-per-mile like they 're projecting .
OK .
All right .
Darcy Morse , communication manager at Winter Park Resort , thanks so much .
You 're welcome .
So , once again , we 're continuing to watch the situation , just about 60 miles west of Denver on Highway 40 , massive avalanche is how it 's being described , because we 're talking about 100 to 200-feet wide of snow and 15 feet deep that has pushed its way onto this road .
At least two vehicles were buried .
They have been able to rescue at least seven people , many of them have been transported to nearby hospitals , but right now , many teams are on the ground to try to survey whether there are any other vehicles that are buried .
Let 's hope not .
Bonnie Schneider in the Weather Center , this blowing snow advisory still in effect ?
Yes it is and it will continue straight through Sunday .
And I want to talk be at dynamics of the wind and how that could cause an avalanche .
Right now we have very strong winds and we 've had them for the morning , they actually picked up in intensity out of the west at 24 miles-per-hour .
Now looking at the area , this is a Google Earth image and you can see the mountains , and here 's Berthoud Pass , kind of right in between there along the mountains .
The winds are coming in from the west , so they 're blowing up what we call the windward side of the mountain , blowing up and up and up on that snowpack , and then the snow gets deposited on the leeward side .
But what happens is when you have heavy snowfall and strong winds it fluctuates quite a bit because you can get a blast of wind coming down and that could force the snow down , from the highest peak all the way down here , as it comes down the mountains .
So , strong winds and heavy snow come together to create avalanche danger as the winds in this situation are coming in from the west , coming down the mountain .
And remember , that leeward side of the mountain is packed with heavy snow , two feet of snow from two weeks ago , combined with another half a foot in recent weeks .
And then we still have blowing snow .
Even right now , we could still see couple of inches of snow popping up into the region , kind of as it 's redistributed , in the terms of weight .
And another factor to mention , as we 've been watching our temperatures , they really have not warmed up a lot , since the increase of snowfall , two weeks ago , so you do n't have a dramatic snow melt , but you do have that sunshine during the day that loosens the snow and melts the initial layer on the top and to some degree some bit below if as well .
So that loosening also kind of shifts the weight about , that combined with the strong winds blowing in from the west .
And we 're seeing those winds gusting as high as 24 miles-per-hour , right now , sustained .
Gusts have been up to 30 and a couple of hours ago , they were up to 40 .
So really , all these factors coming together really do create a dangerous situation right in the foothills , in this case right here in Colorado -- Fred .
