Police received information that Chaanine might have a gun .
So they locked down the area around the church including a building where kids were involved in an after school program .
They are still searching for the priest , who they believe has fled and might be armed .
We 're just being told that he 's armed .
So out of safety concerns we just want the motorists out there , if they see his vehicle , to not approach him , to basically call the Metropolitan Police Department .
The parishioners are stunned by the allegations .
RAYMOND MORRELL , ATTENDS PRIEST 'S CHURC
I just ca n't see it .
Not armed and dangerous .
I do n't know .
You know , you just do n't know about people .
I do n't -- I liked him a lot .
I still do .
And I still have faith in him .
Raymond Morrell attends Chaanine 's church every Sunday .
Well , he just talked about love a lot .
You know .
He made mistakes .
I know I do .
And he just made me really feel good about myself , and being there on Sundays .
Chaanine would often visit with the children who attend the parish 's school .
One parent said he is highly regarded and beloved by the kids .
Now he 's wanted by police for questioning .
And that report from Adrian Arambalo of affiliate KLAS.
We do want to point out that CNN did try to reach the diocese of Las Vegas .
No one has returned our calls thus far .
We 'll stay on top of that story for you all morning long .
Meanwhile , what happens when you try to lose too much weight too soon ?
Our fitness guru Jerry Anderson is answering some of your e-mail questions .
He 's up next .
First , a preview of today 's " Open House . "
Coming at 9:30 a.m.
Eastern , " Open House . "
Big changes for property insurance in two parts of the country .
We 'll tell you all about it .
Plus , if you think you own the land under your home or the sidewalk out front , think again .
Why you should care about mineral rights .
And find out how to stop that flooding in your basement .
That 's " Open House , " 9:30 a.m.
Eastern right here on CNN.
All right .
Free weight loss , West Virginia is going after its obesity problem , and it has the third highest percentage of obesity in the nation .
So the state is turning to a big name in the weight loss game , Weight Watchers .
As many as 75,000 people now on Medicaid may be eligible for weight loss courses paid for by the state .
And with that , let 's get you straight into " Jerry 's Jump Start , " where we talk about getting fit , eating healthy , and losing that weight .
Our favorite fitness guru and personal trainer , Jerry Anderson .
There he is .
What 's up , Betty ?
Live from L.A. We were watching you get pumped up a little bit earlier .
ANDERSO
Yes .
Good morning to you .
Good morning , Betty .
How you doing ?
I am doing great .
We have some folks not so good , and that 's why they have some questions for you .
Cool .
Let 's get right to it .
Sydonnie in New York says , Jerry , " My goal for this year is to lose two pounds a week or eight pounds a month .
Is that too much weight to expect to lose ?
Because here is my method , my method is going to the gym every day , doing 30 minutes on the treadmill , 45 minutes resistance/weight training on the machines . "
I do n't have to go there every day , but I want to see if I can lose as much as possible .
Is that trying to go too fast ? "
