Ouch .
Ouch is right .
We will show you more in just a moment .
Plus , --
Whoo!
A bloody battle on a Baghdad street .
Why is there so much focus on this fight ?
We 'll talk to a top U.S. military commander on the ground about the battle for Haifa Street .
That is when CNN SATURDAY MORNING continues .
" Now in the News " : Another deadly suicide attack in Baghdad this morning .
As many as 13 people are dead following a pair of explosions in a crowded outdoor market .
More than 50 others were injured .
We 'll take you live to Baghdad in just a minute .
Also in Iraq , showing support for the troops , that is what the new House Speaker Nancy Pelosi says she doing there .
Pelosi delegation is telling Iraq 's leaders it is past time for Iraq to take full responsibility for the country 's security .
And a man hunt in Las Vegas for a priest ?
Police there suspect a priest may have attacked a woman who worked at the diocese .
The woman was treated at a local hospital and released .
The priest have fled .
And police warn he may be armed .
Well , top White House advisors could be witnesses for the defense .
A legal source says political advisor Karl Rove and a Counselor to the President Dan Bartlett have been subpoenaed by Scooter Libby 's defense team .
Libby , as you know , is on trial for perjury and obstruction in the CIA leak investigation , but it 's not clear whether Rove or Bartlett will actually be called to testify .
The Hillary Clinton campaign is hoping to pick up a little steam today in Iowa .
The senator making her first trip there since announcing last week that she 's in the race .
She held three nights of web chats with online users this week .
And today 's trip is billed as a conversation with Iowans .
A Mississippi judge has rejected the proposed State Farm Insurance settlement to some of that state 's Katrina victims .
The judge issued an order yesterday , saying the plan did not establish a procedure that is fair , just , balanced , or reasonable .
The class action lawsuit would have impacted nearly 35,000 homeowners whose property was damaged or destroyed by Katrina .
Lawyers will be able to submit a new agreement .
To drive in China is to risk some of the deadliest roads on Earth .
Each day a staggering 600 people are killed in traffic accidents , according to the World Health Organization .
More than 200,000 killed every year .
That 's a high number .
Killer crashes on China 's roads .
You 're going to want to stick around for the rest of the story from our John Vause .
That is coming up in about 15 minutes .
Brace yourself for that .
It 's going to be a bumpy ride .
Scary video .
Yes .
Welcome back , everybody .
It is Saturday morning , we thank you for being here .
I 'm Betty Nguyen .
And I 'm T.J. Holmes .
We thank you so much for starting your day right here with us .
Speaking of roadways .
We 're going to take you to Baghdad 's Broadway , Haifa Street was once a major route through the city .
But now it is battered and bloody .
And an active battlefield , pitting insurgent attackers and coalition forces .
While the area continues to boil over , violence is also flaring up in other parts of Iraq 's capital city .
CNN 's Arwa Damon joins us live in Baghdad .
