I think so .
I think we 're in for another good year in the market .
As a matter a fact I 'm looking for about a 15 percent return from equities next year .
I have n't seen anybody out there yet forecast in that kind of number .
So that makes me feel even more comfortable if I 'm in the minority .
But it 's really a matter of interest rates and inflation next year .
And I truly believe we 're going to see long-term interest rates below 4 percent and I think we 're going to see the Fed , particularly in the second quarter , moving very aggressively to lower rates because , unfortunately , this economy is losing momentum .
We 're going to get the echo effect from housing in 2006 .
And the bottom line is , I think the unemployment rate 's going to start to rise .
Hey Ned , it is Ali Velshi .
You look better at the end of every year than you do when you started .
I want to know whether you think the index , the Dow is going to look better at the end of next year ?
I think you do , like other people .
The problem of course Ned is that the average American investor does n't invest in the Dow .
What do they do to take advantage of growth in the stock market next year ?
Is it piling back into those energy stocks ?
Is it -- you said financial stocks .
What do you do ?
No.
Actually , I think for the average investor , somebody that does n't have 12 to 14 hours a day to analyze stocks and analyze the stock market .
I would recommend they buy what we call exchange traded funds or index-type funds .
I like the financial sectors in particular .
Something called a spider ; an XLF is an exchange-traded fund on all financial stocks .
So if people want to participate in lower interest rates and participate in a group that has a very low price earnings ratio particularly the big banks and a group that does have a high yield about it , then I would suggest the financial stocks .
I like the big banks in particular because they 've had momentum throughout this period in which interest rates have been rising , the yield curves been inverted and yet they 've still prospered every quarter .
The bottom line is I like financials .
I also like technology .
Now , this is not a ( INAUDIBLE ) because of 1998 and 1999 and the average retail investor does n't like it but I suggest XLK which is a spider on technology or QQQQ .
It 's something that obviously encompasses big tech stocks and some health care .
It 's basically the top 100 stocks in the Nasdaq and it 's very inexpensive to buy .
Ned , over the past year private equity and hedge fund money have been the headline grabbers in the market movement and things like that .
I 've heard a lot of people say , that 's the smart way to go .
Look at how they 're doing it .
What do you think about the whole hedge fund performance over the last year and going forward ?
