But Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid is n't going as far as Senator Kennedy , but he says the Senate will vote on a resolution as soon as next week responding to the president 's new Iraq strategy .
President Bush is fine tuning the Iraq speech he 'll give to the nation tomorrow night .
Sources say he 'll call for an influx of at least 20,000 troops .
Those sources say the troops would be deployed in phases to motivate Iraqis to meet certain military and political goals .
And the House is nearing its first big vote in what it 's calling its first 100 hours .
On the table , a bill to enact the remaining recommendations of the 9/11 Commission .
I 'm Wolf Blitzer and you 're in THE SITUATION ROOM.
President Bush will have his work cut out for him tomorrow night if , as expected , he calls for an increase in troop strength in Iraq .
Democrats in Congress are n't the only ones warning that what they call an escalation of the war would be a huge mistake .
Let 's bring in our senior political analyst , Bill Schneider -- Bill .
Wolf , if President Bush calls for a troop build-up in Iraq , what kind of reception can he expect to get from the American people ?
Americans oppose a troop build-up in Iraq .
Just over a third of the public favors a temporary increase in U.S. troops to help stabilize the situation .
Sixty-one percent say no .
The American people sent a clear message in November that we must change course in Iraq and begin to withdraw our troops , not escalate their presence .
Can the president turn public opinion around ?
He faces several obstacles .
One is the view that the war is going badly .
More than 70 percent of the public feel that way , the highest number ever .
Americans are split over whether the United States is likely to win in Iraq .
They 're not sure .
They 're asking , is this really our war ?
What this president is proposing to do is to send more troops to back the Shiites in Iraq in a civil war .
That , to me , is not what the American people ever were told .
The goal is political reconciliation in Iraq .
How does that happen ?
In some ways , it 's a chicken-and-egg question .
Does security get political process , or does political process beget security ?
A U.S. victory seems to depend on what the Iraqis do .
If the Iraqi leadership is willing to make the hard adjustments politically they need to make , we can win in Iraq .
If they 're not willing to make those adjustments , we will never win in Iraq .
So , our success depends on what they do ?
That 's likely to be a tough sell .
Americans may not share President Bush 's confidence in the Iraqi government .
He has more confidence in Prime Minister Maliki than I have been led to have .
And he 's going to give him one last chance .
Americans do n't like to fight political wars , especially when they are about someone -- somebody else 's politics -- Wolf .
Bill Schneider reporting for us -- thank you , Bill .
