.it` s all about the next big thing .
I` m very , very , very competitive .
And I` m - and I` m only happy when I` m winning .
That was CNN` s Kyra Phillips for SHOWBIZ TONIGHT
" American Idol " premieres on January 16 .
Yesterday we asked you to vote on our SHOWBIZ TONIGHT " Question of the Day . "
The Donald Trump-Rosie O` Donnell war of words does n` t seem to be letting up .
So " Donald Versus Rosie : Has the whole thing gone too far ? "
Very one-sided here .
Ninety-one percent of you say yes ; 9 percent of you say no .
Here are some of the e-mails we received :
Victoria from Minnesota says , " I am getting really tired of the whole argument .
They should grow up and put their energy into something constructive . "
And Shirley from New York thinks , " Donald is way too professional to take this so-called fight with Rosie as far as he has .
It makes him look foolish . "
No question about that .
You know , Melania , Donald` s wife , usually pretty quiet as far as public things go .
Yes , pretty reticent to talk .
Usually lets Donald do all the talking .
Well , she is actually speaking out , finally - this time about her husband` s fierce feud with Rosie .
We`ll get into that next .
Also , A.J. , Britney Spears is speaking out as well .
For the first time , she` s talking about the outrage over her pantyless partying .
We`ve also got this :
It was a cell phone that recorded the n-word rant .
( INAUDIBLE )
It was a cell phone that captured Mel Gibson` s partying before his rant .
Well , you know , SHOWBIZ TONIGHT picked Britney Spears as the most controversial celebrity of the year .
Now we`ve got the most controversial gadget out there .
And we are dialing that up next .
Welcome back to SHOWBIZ TONIGHT , TV` s most provocative entertainment news show .
I` m A.J. Hammer in New York .
Well , as much as we hoped , begged and , quite frankly , prayed for this Donald Trump-Rosie O` Donnell nasty war of words to just go away , it` s still going strong .
Yesterday we told you that Donald` s daughter , Ivanka , ripped into Rosie .
Now Trump` s wife , Melania , who really never says much of anything , is letting her have it .
MELANIA TRUMP , DONALD TRUMP` S WIF
Well , I think she has a real issue and problem with herself , anger inside .
And she need to work on that .
It` s in - in herself .
And if you watched " The View , " you could see how hatred she has toward my husband , you know ?
And nobody asked her to ask - to tell any story anyway .
So what` s her problem ?
You know ?
I do n` t know if we`re going to be hearing from the baby next .
So that was from " Good Day , L.A. , " by the way , out there in Hollywood .
Monday is going to be very interesting , of course , because that` s when Rosie returns on " The View " from her vacation .
And you know we`ll be watching .
Well , after a lot of debating , name-calling , hair-pulling - it got pretty ugly .
After all of that , we here at SHOWBIZ TONIGHT picked Britney Spears as the most controversial celebrity of 2006 .
