They insisted that the Iraqi law be followed to the extent that they could .
They were very careful about the physical custody aspect .
They were very concerned about any attempt to free him at the last minute .
Once they surrendered him , Saddam Hussein , they lost control of the event .
And what followed , of course , as everybody who has seen the video tapes was a blatantly sectarian event .
A bullying hanging , that is extremely disturbing , I think , to all those who hoped for a better outcome for the United States here .
And we saw the official video , that was on Iraqi television , that tried to show a more dignified execution , but then , there was that cell phone video , that was released , that you could clearly hear the taunting , and the cries of " Muqtada , " references to Muqtada al Sadr , the radical Shiite cleric , who 's very powerful in Iraq right now , and as you point out , this was simply fuel the hatred between the Shia majority in Iraq and the Sunni minority .
Yes , indeed .
And as you know , the United States , the United States military command , the United States embassy in Iraq , have been trying very hard to get the Maliki government , the new Shiite government of Iraq , to behave in a way that is less sectarian .
More uniting .
And to have seen how they allowed this to degenerate as it did , an event which , by the way , was very much personally controlled by Mr. Maliki .
He was engaged right up to the point , really , that Saddam arrived at the Hadamiya ( ph ) prison .
He assigned the officials that were present , some of whom engaged in this taunting , and at the end , when the body was then delivered to Saddam 's tribe , where did they pick it up , but right in the forecourt of Mr. Maliki 's office .
So this was a very much politically-controlled event that could have hardly been a more , if you will , distressing of how little this government is prepared to act in the name of all Iraqis , and in terms of the principles of the civil society that I think we all thought America was trying to construct here .
And , you know , the interesting thing , also , is that United States military had control of Saddam Hussein , up until almost the very minute when he was handed over for hanging , for the execution , and then shortly after he died , the U.S. got him back .
It was a U.S. military operation that flew that coffin to -- near his hometown of Tikrit which suggests to a lot of Sunni Arabs out there in Iraq and elsewhere the U.S. will be complicit in what they see as a calamity , if you will .
I think this goes both ways .
It 's certainly true that the United States is still widely blamed , on all sides here for things that go wrong , and among Sunnis , they will be blamed for having in effect connived at the humiliation of Saddam Hussein .
On the other hand , there 's been a most remarkable transformation in the last year , with the Sunni community , the now minority community , the usurped , if you will , community , coming to see the American military as their protectors .
