Let 's begin this morning with a developing story .
The defense secretary , Robert Gates , making an unannounced stop at Iraq overnight .
Gates is in Tallil now , in southern Iraq , meeting with U.S. commanders and coalition troop leader .
The stopover comes as Gates makes some surprising comments on Iran and its influence on the war in Iraq .
Here 's CNN 's Pentagon correspondent , Barbara Starr .
On his first tour of the Persian Gulf as Defense Secretary , Robert Gates admitted that as long as things are so difficult for U.S. troops in Iraq , the hard-line regime in Iran has the upper hand , at least for now .
I think that our difficulties have given them a tactical opportunity in the short term .
Gates once favored talking to Iran .
Now he 's making clear that would n't work either , leaving the U.S. little leverage to stop Iran 's nuclear program or its support for Shia militias in Iraq .
Frankly , right at this moment there 's really nothing the Iranians want from us .
And so in any negotiation right now , we would be the supplicant .
And there 's new evidence that Iran is behind attacks against U.S. personnel in Iraq .
CNN has learned that in a series of recent raids in Iraq , U.S. troops have seized IEDs designed to penetrate U.S.-armored vehicles , a hallmark of Iranian weapons technology .
Also seized were other weapons with Iranian manufacturing stamps , documents showing shipping addresses tied to Iran , and even a map showing Shia and Sunni areas of Iraq .
The U.S. is still holding 13 people detained in those raids , trying to determine just how involved Iran is in attacks against U.S. troops .
President Bush has vowed to try and stop Iran 's influence , but his new defense secretary is suggesting that may be a very difficult proposition .
Barbara Starr , CNN, the Pentagon .
And there are conflicting reports this morning about a deal on North Korea 's nuclear weapons plan .
North Korea says it reached an agreement with the U.S. this weak during talks in Berlin .
America 's top nuclear envoy , though , Christopher Hill , says he 's not so sure about that .
He says he sees positive signs pointing to progress in the next round of meetings .
Wild weather making news again this morning all around the world .
Snow , ice , freezing rain bearing down on the Southwest U.S. as we speak .
Let 's begin with Reggie Aqui in Krebs , Oklahoma .
Reggie , good morning .
Well , Miles , as you know , this whole section of the country has been hit pretty hard over the last week .
But this particular part of southeast Oklahoma has been sort of like a weather punching bag .
They just get hit over and over again , and they 're getting ready for another storm tonight .
At one point , you could probably walk right through here to get to the front door of this person 's house .
Now it 's completely blocked by all this ice .
You see these trees that have fallen down ?
Well , this ice is a big problem , of course , when it comes to electricity .
And you can see when you look up there that a week after this area was hit with the first round of storms , there are still icicles hanging from power lines .
