At risk for President Bush is legacy .
Success could revive his presidency .
Another failure could seal his place in history .
There 's no question that the one line after his entry in the encyclopedia , George W. Bush , 43rd president of the United States , who chose to invade Iraq , and then whatever the consequences may be .
And if it does n't work , what then ?
If this does n't work , we leave Iraq , we put the best face on it we can , and we stand by for the next big event .
And we be very , very careful and very steadied about committing ourselves to combat anywhere again .
But some experts believe that this war is going to pass on to the next administration .
And they say Democrats who are planning all of this symbolic wrist-slapping over the next week should consider that they may end up inheriting this mess -- Wolf .
We 'll see what happens .
Thanks very much for that .
Good report , John Roberts .
Key Democrats suggest the president 's new strategy is simply too little , too late .
And they say that two months ago , voters demanded dramatic change and an end to the war .
The Democrats worry that the president 's new plan represents what they call an escalation of the war .
Joining us now from Capitol Hill , Democratic senator Jack Reed of Rhode Island .
He 's a key member of the Senate Armed Services Committee .
Senator , thanks very much for coming in .
Thank you , Wolf .
Why not give the president at this point the benefit of the doubt and let him see if this new strategy actually works ?
Well , this is not a really a new strategy .
It 's just more of the old strategy , trying to take a military approach , primarily , to what is a fundamentally political problem which the Iraqis must solve .
And the key ingredients to that solution are providing competent government , which they have n't done yet , for their own people ; providing resources , their own resources to help their economy ; but most particularly , going after all of the militias , not just the Sunni insurgents , but also the Shia militias .
And Maliki and his government have done very little of that , even although they 've said many times they would do it .
But he says he 's got a firm commitment now from the Iraqi government , from the prime minister , to do what they have that you correctly point out they refused to do in the past .
Is it too late to give the prime minister , Nuri al-Maliki , another chance ?
Well , I think it really is too late because , frankly , I think the political dynamic in Baghdad today is that the Shia government feels that they 're winning .
They 're accomplishing their objectives , they 're marginalizing the Sunnis , they 're entrenching themselves so they 'll never again fear a Sunni leadership dominating them .
That 's an awful tough dynamic to change .
And I think Maliki , with his best intentions , would be very challenged to change it .
One hopes he does that .
But I think , again , the president has rested so much of what he wanted to do in Iraq on hopes , not on reality and not on good strategy .
