The latest in the NEWSROOM.
Piecing together the puzzle in Kirkwood , Missouri .
Police there trying to unravel a pair of kidnappings .
Both ended happily , with one shocking discovery .
One boy found after vanishing four days earlier , the other missing more than four years .
Their alleged captor , a 41-year-old man who is being held on $ 1 million bond .
On CNN 's " AMERICAN MORNING , " neighbors described Michael Devlin as a loner with a short temper .
He called the police on me for parking in his parking spot one time in a building where -- a parking lot where most of the parking is unassigned .
You know there 's a few labeled handicap spots and it said that the parking was for that building in particular .
I was kind of in the spot right next to where he normally parks , double parked a little bit and he just got completely irate about the situation .
From my sort of external landlord perspective , he was a fine tenant .
He paid his rent on time , he was always pleasant to me .
I never received any calls complaining about him directly .
But in fact , I inherited him as a tenant two years ago .
From what I understand , even if I had done a background check , I would have maybe pulled up a traffic violation .
An unspectacular apartment and unsuspecting neighbors , both parts of the puzzle in Kirkwood , Missouri .
CNN 's Rick Sanchez takes a closer look .
We had an uneasy feeling .
And as for one of us to have that , that 's one thing .
But for both of us to have it , as much as we work together , we knew .
Yet no one else seemed to pick up on what two Missouri police officers sensed right off the bat .
Something was n't quite right .
Inside Michael Devlin 's nondescript Kirkwood apartment .
I was told that he was Devlin 's son .
And , you know , at first , obvious thought , I believed him .
Harry Richards was n't alone .
For more than four years , neighbors , strangers , you name it , they all saw Shawn Hornbeck and the 41-year-old man now suspected of being the teen 's kidnapper numerous times and never suspected anything .
Last year a neighbor , Rick Butler , says he found a cell phone in front of his apartment and called a stored number .
Devlin picked up .
And then put Hornbeck on the phone .
And he said , oh , I live right across the street .
It will take me just a few minutes .
So he came over and picked up his phone .
He seemed a little bit nervous .
But nothing -- you know , did n't act like there was anything out of the ordinary .
A few months ago Butler once again saw the two , pitching a tent in the grass .
H was just a single father with his boy getting ready for a camping trip .
So I did n't think anything unusual about it .
No one , other than the two Kirkwood Police officers sensed that anything was wrong .
Including Devlin 's boss , who 's known the pizza parlor manager for decades .
He 's worked for me for 25 years .
There 's not too many people that stay with the same job for 25 years .
I mean , I never had any problem with him at all .
I mean , he was my manager .
He counted my money .
You know , and you just do n't do that with somebody that you do n't trust .
