And the general criticisms of this plan is why ca n't the president do what Arnold Schwarzenegger is doing ?
Why ca n't he create basically for everybody -- in other words , bring the cost of health insurance down so people can afford it ?
Right .
Well , it seems to me , you said -- you know , about 50 million people , 47 million , but only three million would actually see some benefit ...
Right , and that 's according to the White House .
That 's not a lot of folks .
It 's a pretty small sliver .
Now the -- President Bush says he 's going to get the states to help out some of those other people .
But whether or not that would actually happen remains to be seen .
OK .
It 's still kind of tricky .
I know you broke it down .
But still kind of tricky .
Thank you very much .
Still tricky , yes .
OK , thanks .
The FDA advisory committee on birth control is meeting today and tomorrow .
In and of itself , not information that 's vital to your daily life , but media reports about the agenda prompted a clarification .
The panel wants to make clear new lower dose birth control pills are not significantly less effective at preventing pregnancy than older formulas .
The agency says one of its press releases seems to have been misinterpreted .
Straight ahead , what he said may not matter as much as what you heard .
Ahead in the NEWSROOM , analysis of the president 's speech from different ends of the political spectrum .
Bay Buchanan and Julian Epstein join us live .
And Senator John Kerry expected to make a major announcement on the Senate floor very soon .
He is -- get this -- not running for president .
We 'll bring that to you live as soon as that happens .
You 're watching CNN, the most trusted name in news .
And our sources telling us they are getting the word that Senator John Kerry is going to announce that he is not going to run for the presidency in 2008 .
We 're expecting to hear from him live from the Senate floor .
We 'll take that when it happens .
It will be interesting to hear what he has to say and why he has decided not to run .
The Hillary factor is interesting , some of our analysts saying she 's the one that 's absorbing all the money and the support .
That may influence why he 's not running .
We 'll wait to hear from him .
Let 's talk about some business news now .
A landmark insurance settlement is offering new hope to thousands hit by Hurricane Katrina .
Susan Lisovicz joins us from the New York Stock Exchange with details on all of this .
Good news for them , Susan .
Good news , and it comes after lots of threats of litigation , Don .
State Farm has agreed to settle with hundreds of Mississippi home owners and could reopen thousands of other claims .
Under the settlement , State Farm will pay about $ 80 million to more than 600 Mississippi policyholders who sued the company for refusing to cover damage from Hurricane Katrina .
The company also agreed to pay at least $ 50 million and possibly hundreds of millions of dollars to home owners in that state whose claims were originally denied but have not sued .
About 35,000 Mississippi residents are eligible .
