Yes , it 's -- time flies when you 're having fun .
It 's hard to believe that I was just a very young man when I started this , and the years keep passing by , but I do n't seem to get any older .
Yes .
When you think about it , though , seriously , did you think that " Star Wars " would have this sort of impact ?
I mean , really , it 's amazing .
You see the folks behind you now even in " Star Wars " costumes .
Did you think it was going to be such a huge , huge success ?
Well , in the beginning , absolutely not .
And then as it grew and became a big hit , it was a huge surprise .
And the fact that it 's still going stronger today than it was when it first came out , it was the phenomenon that is very hard to imagine .
Tell me about the parade today .
I understand you 're going to have a whole lot of storm troopers helping you out .
Yes .
It started when I was traveling around the world for the -- "Episode 3 ." And we had this organization that was started by a group of people back 30 years ago completely independent of us that built storm trooper costumes , and then they would go to hospitals and entertain kids , and go to charity events and end up at the premieres of the movies .
And they 're in about 40 countries and all 50 states , and there 's like 3,500 of them .
And they 're just a great group of volunteers , fans .
And this is a way of thanking them .
And then we got the Grambling band to march with them , and then we had to build some floats around them .
But it 's going to be very exciting .
I love parades .
I love the whole entertainment value of parades .
They 've been around for thousands of years .
And , you know , a parade does n't work without an amazingly good marching bond , and that 's why I was so keen to have what I considered to be the best .
And they 're fantastic .
I saw them yesterday practicing .
And it 's going to be amazing .
I would imagine you have to appreciate all of the fans of " Star Wars , " and you have to at least want to honor them .
And this seems like a nice way of honoring them 30 years later with this parade .
Yes .
Well , it 's a way of kicking off our 30th anniversary .
We have lots of fan conventions , some in Los Angeles here , and some in other places .
So it 's a -- it 's a way of saying , hey , we 've been here for 30 years and we 're still going strong , and is n't this great ?
Yes .
Any more plans for any " Star Wars , " more " Star Wars " ?
We 're working on an animated TV series that will come out in about a year .
And then we 're going to have a live action TV series which will come out maybe a year or two after that .
And so we 're moving the whole franchise to television , because I can do more .
Instead , of you know , 12 hours , I can do , you know , 26 hours a year .
