I would have predicted more Wiis would have sold .
I would have predicted , too , but , again , there were as many Xbox 360s as you need .
With Wii and PS3 , they ran short of them .
Interesting .
Interesting ( INAUDIBLE ) to that story .
I know .
All right , Ali .
Thank you .
See you .
Have a good weekend .
Thank you .
You too .
All right .
Let 's go > now to Betty Nguyen and T.J. Holmes at the CNN Center in Atlanta .
So , what do you guys have coming up this weekend ?
Well , hey there , Alina .
We have a busy weekend ahead for you .
You will want to tune in for the latest , of course , on that ice storm .
T.J. HOLMES< CNN ANCHO
Yes .
Weather just does n't stop around here .
We 're going to have the up-to-the-minute information on the winter weather .
Also , get this -- pets on prescriptions .
Oh yes .
Is Fido fat ?
Well , they have a pill for that .
Maybe your cat 's depressed .
Yes , they have a pill for that , too .
We 'll ask a nationally-known veterinarian if it 's really necessary to put your pets on drugs .
Also...
To find good workers , more and more employers like many lenders and insurers are prescreening candidates using their financial history .
Got bad credit ?
It could cost you that new job you applied for .
Thank goodness CNN did not check my credit before they hired me .
Mine too !
Well , our expert -- our consumer expert , Gerri Willis , is going to explain the connection .
By the way , T.J. , I need a loan .
Yes .
And you 've heard of " Snakes on a Plane , " right ?
Well , how about a scorpion on a plane ?
No -- no movie here .
We 're going to talk to a man who was bitten by one of these on a flight home from Vermont .
Yes .
And we 're going to have the scorpion here live as well , of course .
Never a dull moment on "CNN SATURDAY and SUNDAY MORNING " with me and Betty .
That 's beginning tomorrow at 7:00 Eastern .
Hope to see you guys there .
All right .
That 's what I call a scoop .
You 've got the scorpion live .
Not bad .
We 've got the scorpion .
All right .
How did that scorpion get through security ?
I still do n't get it .
Coming up on AMERICAN MORNING , a cease-fire in the war-ravaged Darfur region of Sudan .
We 'll talk to the man who helped broker the deal , New Mexico 's governor , Bill Richardson .
And what do you think about -- what do you think you know about cancer ?
And what you think you know about it could be endangering your health .
Dr.
Sanjay Gupta will be here to talk about controlling cancer in advance of an important program he has this weekend .
And exotic mortgages .
Does n't look so exotic there .
Anyway , Gerri Willis will show you some of the things people should be wary of with these loans .
You 're watching AMERICAN MORNING.
There 's an exotic place .
The most news in the morning .
Good morning to you , Friday , January 12th .
I 'm Miles O'Brien .
And I 'm Alina Cho , in today for Soledad .
Thanks for joining us .
