Thank you very much , Wolf .
I woke up this morning , read this interview you granted to " The Washington Post . "
Let me read one line from it .
Sure .
" I have reached the tentative conclusion that a significant portion of this administration , maybe even including the vice president , believes Iraq is lost . "
That 's a pretty shocking statement .
Give us the context .
Tell us what -- what you know .
Well , let me tell you what I think .
I -- as I said , I have a tentative conclusion .
I start with the premise that Vice President Cheney and Secretary Rumsfeld are very smart guys .
I have known them and worked around them and with them for the last 30 years .
They 're very bright .
I could not believe -- and we have been on your show and talked about this -- that , the last three years , they actually thought we were making progress .
I could not believe the assertions about them saying , we have trained up Iraqis and we 're doing so well , that they actually believed .
And , so , I have reached the conclusion that they had to know how bad things were , but they had to have reached the conclusion of one of two -- one of two conclusions .
Either the radical change necessary in order to get this back on the right path was something they were n't willing to recommend , or , two , they concluded that the best thing to do is keep this stitched together , and hand it off to the next president .
And that 's the tentative conclusion I have reached , because these are very smart guys .
The idea ...
So , are you just -- are you just surmising this , based on your...
I 'm surmising this .
You have no inside information that ...
I have no inside information to that effect , none whatsoever .
Here they are , at a time now where they 're basically rejecting the recommendation of everybody in the world , everybody in the United States that has made that they have respect for , the Baker-Hamilton commission , the recommendations made by their own military , et cetera .
And I think it 's very difficult for them to change policy .
The idea -- I do n't think they 're willing to take a risk on talking to Iran .
I do n't think they 're willing to take the risk on engaging Syria .
I do n't think they 're willing to take the risk on putting more pressure on the government to -- in Iraq to take over more responsibility .
And , therefore , because they 're not willing to take the risk , and they have no real alternative , 30,000 , 20,000 , 15,000 troops are not -- emphasize , are not -- alone , going to change the situation on the ground .
And , so , I think they have to know that .
So...
So , here 's the question , Senator : What can you do about it ?
If it 's not going to make any difference , and more Americans are simply going to die in the process over the next year or two , even if there is this so-called surge , what can you , as the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , do to stop that , if , in fact , you feel strongly that it is over and it 's a waste of time and energy and lives ?
