Let 's take a listen to David Beckham .
could create something that , you know , we 've all never seen before , you know , by taking it to a different level .
What 's the buzz over there ?
Have you talked to other players ?
Do you think by your coming here more European players will come to MLS ?
That 's possible , you know .
But my move to the MLS is not , you know , so it creates several opportunities for other players to follow me right away ; my reasoning behind me coming over there is to create , you know , the opportunity and also to give my advice to young players .
Of course , you know , there 's going to be times when some of my teammates might ask me about my experiences in European football and the different teams and different players that I 've played with .
But I think that , you know , the thing that I can give out to children , you know -- Tim 's seen me work with kids before .
That 's one of my biggest passions in life , despite obviously my own three sons .
I love working with kids .
That 's the reason why I started up my academy .
It 's the reason why , you know , I spend every day trying to do something different to work with kids and to see how happy you know , we can actually make kids , And that 's the difference , that 's one of the differences I want to make in the U.S. , and I think that there 's huge potential for that .
How familiar are you with Los Angeles , coming to L.A. , Hollywood basically , and did that play a part in your decision ?
I think it 's always nice to live in an amazing city .
And I think living in L.A. is going to be a great experience for my family .
I think when we 're making the decisions , of course I 'm married with three children and we 're a very close family , so it was obviously a big decision for us as well .
But you know , it 's a decision , and it 's going to be a great experience for us , because we 're going to move as a family .
We 're always together as a family .
You know , we 've been to L.A. a few times , my wife more than myself .
But a few years back , you know , I came to L.a. , about four years ago , I think it was , and you know , I was walking around , and I got a few people coming up to me and recognizing me , but then I went back about a year ago .
And I think I looked out the window in the house I was actually staying in and there was 45 paparazzi cars outside , so that was slightly different .
But I realize , you know , I 'm not as recognized in the U.S. as I am around , you know , around Europe , around other parts of the world .
But , you know , hopefully playing for the Galaxy will change that .
But if does n't then I 'm there to play football ; I 'm there to make a difference for the kids .
All right , there 's David Beckham , holding a press conference there , via satellite , talking about his new move to the U.S. , particularly -- specifically with the Los Angeles Galaxy , a $ 250 million deal .
You know what that works out to ?
One million bucks a week .
We could all use that money .
