And still to come , Congressional Democrats moving to implement reforms recommended by the 9/11 Commission .
We 're going to show you why some say the biggest roadblock is Congress itself .
Plus , increasing the U.S. presence in Iraq -- Republican Senator John Cornyn standing by to talk to us about why he thinks the president may be right , right now .
Stay with us .
You 're in THE SITUATION ROOM.
To our viewers , you 're in THE SITUATION ROOM , where new pictures and information are arriving all the time .
Happening now , President Bush poised to announce an increase of U.S. troops in Iraq .
Can he convince a skeptical Congress and an even more skeptical public that it 's the right move ?
Also , some of the fiercest fighting in months in Baghdad .
Heated battles pitting U.S. and Iraqi soldiers against insurgents .
We 're going to show you exactly how it went down .
And health insurance for all -- it 's a trend that started in Massachusetts , now moving to California .
Will your state be next ?
I 'm Wolf Blitzer .
You 're in THE SITUATION ROOM.
Tomorrow night the president tells the nation about his new Iraq strategy .
He has his work cut out for him trying to persuade a war- weary nation and a skeptical Congress to back a plan which sources say will put another 20,000 troops in Iraq .
Our Tom Foreman is standing by .
So is Republican senator John Cornyn of Texas .
He supports the president .
Let 's turn to our White House correspondent , Suzanne Malveaux .
First , though , Suzanne , what makes this new strategy different from other Bush administration efforts in Iraq ?
Well , those who are familiar with the plan say there are basically two things .
They say that the prime minister of Iraq , Nuri al-Maliki , has personally assured President Bush that in the weeks to come , there will be a major redeployment of Iraq troops from other areas of the country to Baghdad to go side by side with those additional U.S. troops .
That this will happen within weeks , not months .
And that secondly , Maliki has personally reassured President Bush that there really is a new way of doing business .
What he says , the rules of engagements for Iraqi troops have changed .
And that is , they will go after -- a commitment to go after the Shiite militia associated with Muqtada al-Sadr .
That is something that Maliki has been loath to do -- Wolf .
Suzanne , is there a consensus in the administration based on everything you 're hearing that everyone 's on board with what the president is planning to outline tomorrow night ?
Well , you know , publicly , they 're certainly signing off on this .
But privately , there is not a consensus at all , Wolf .
The office of the Joint Chiefs , I have talked to sources there .
They have expressed concern .
They say that there 's real doubt whether the strategy makes sense or is adequate .
There also inside of the Pentagon who describe it this way , the mood being anxious and nervous .
One of them saying , " It 's like taking a deep breath before you take that roller-coaster ride . "
