In the months before the march on Washington , Dr. King starts to focus on a positive dream .
Do n't even be afraid ...
A dream that could be realized through the civil rights movement .
He toys with this idea in an address to the National Press Club .
But before the speech , he crosses out the paragraph .
The night before the march , Dr. King 's inner circle wants a new message .
I remember very vividly Andy Young and I going up there on the steps of the ( INAUDIBLE ) hotel , taking drafts of what we thought should be a new climax .
S. O'BRIE
Staying up into the early-morning hours , they write and rewrite the speech .
Dr. King wanted it to be a kind of " Gettysburg Address . "
Then he tells them ...
" Thank you for your counsel .
Thank you for your suggestions , all your help .
I 'm going upstairs to counsel with the lord . "
The next day , Dr. King takes this only known copy of his speech called " Normalcy - Never Again " with him .
Nowhere does it mention his dream .
I have the pleasure to present to you Dr. Martin Luther King , Jr.
With the Lincoln Memorial behind him and facing a quarter of a million people , Dr. King delivers his speech .
I was standing up and to the side .
Now is the time ...
And after he went through all this stuff about what we 're here today , and so on and so forth , he paused .
And what I did see him do ...
I still have a dream .
... he turned the text over .
He grabbed the podium .
And he leaned back and looked out .
I have a dream .
I was out in the crowd somewhere , and when he swung into " I have a dream , " I said -- all expletives deleted -- after all that work that night before up and down the steps , and then he went onto the " I have a dream " section .
Because I have a dream !
He transformed those marble steps into a modern-day pulpit .
And I said to whoever that person sitting next to me was , I said , " The people here today , they do n't know it , but they 're about ready to go to church . "
Free at last ! Free at last .
Thank God almighty , we are free at last !
And Washington became a big turning point for Dr. King .
It transformed his civil rights crusade from sort of a scattering of protests against racism in the South , to a powerful , national movement .
Tomorrow we 're going to take a look at how the world was taking notice of King 's message of nonviolence .
And if you want to read more on the life and works of Dr. King , or explore some of the documents from his private papers , you can go to CNN.com , also to thekingcenter .org .
But , you know , interesting background that Andrew Young told us .
Keep in mind , a lot of these civil rights organizations were very competitive .
So they finally get access for the march on Washington , and one of the things they do is put Dr. King at the end of the day .
