Susan , that 's a really cool looking car , do n't you think ?
Yes , that 's right .
And it -- you know , it 's got an interesting history because they brought the -- GM introduced the Camaro to compete with Ford 's Mustang .
And then Ford brought the Mustang back , and GM said , " Hey , you know , we like how this new vintage Mustang is doing .
We 're going to do the same thing . "
So they 're hoping that it will catch on and be a convertible , just like we see convertible Mustangs .
The auto show is in the works somewhere , right ?
Can we -- is Ali going to an auto show or something ?
Is he ?
I could see Ali at the auto show .
I think it 's Sunday is when that car will be officially unveiled .
So we 'll get pictures of Ali in the convertible with probably lots of ladies in the back seat .
Hopefully , he brings one home , too , to both of us .
Kyra 's laughing over here .
Hopefully , he brings us all a car .
Kyra and me in the back seat , I could see that , yes .
Oh , yes .
Taking it to Vegas .
That 's what I 'm talking about .
Yes .
We keep talking about it .
All right .
I 've got to talk about another avenue .
And that is Wall Street .
And that is the latest from Wall Street .
Coming up , a mere 24 hours after Democrats took control of Congress , lawmakers have a plan to cut taxes .
I 'll have details next hour .
You 're watching CNN, the most trusted name in news .
Hello , everyone .
I 'm Kyra Phillips at the CNN world headquarters in Atlanta .
And I 'm Don Lemon .
Even if it was n't a tornado , well , it might as well have been .
Louisiana is picking up the pieces after strong storms ripped right through that state .
Now the trouble 's headed east .
You 're live in the CNN NEWSROOM.
Stormy day across the south .
Several counties in and around Atlanta were briefly under tornado warnings .
Strong winds brought down trees and power lines just south of the city .
Some people think it was a tornado .
No word of anyone seriously hurt .
Atlanta 's Hartsfield-Jackson Airport , the world 's busiest , was on alert for a short time ; delays but no damage .
And states of emergency in four Louisiana parishes after tornadoes that killed at least two people and injured 15 others .
Trees are uprooted , roofs torn off , mobile homes knocked off their foundations .
Me and my little cousin , when we heard the thunderstorm we ran under the table with my sister and her friend , her mama .
And we just heard a big old thunderstorm .
So we went out .
They had all kinds of trees everywhere , ambulances and fire trucks .
I was in my mobile home when it -- when the tornado hit and it flipped a couple times , and we just lucky to get out , get out alive .
A solo sail around the world is going to have to wait .
That 's if his girlfriend lets him try again .
A California man is alive , he 's well , and on a boat heading home .
This is the smashed-up boat that Ken Barnes intended to take around the globe .
He ran into something of a snag along the way .
