In any case , New Hampshire still is the imperative stop along with Iowa .
The primary is scheduled for exactly a year from tomorrow .
However , there is some dissatisfaction in the state because the Democratic Party has been prodding more primaries into the same area .
So it is not beyond the realm of possibility , we are told , that the secretary of state here may decide to move the primary back a little bit .
If necessary , back into this year .
But assuming for the moment that does n't happen and does n't move , you are right , a year from tomorrow , the primary is going to be held .
It will be a whole boatload of candidates .
All right .
Meantime , Bob , yesterday you told me folks there were kind of lukewarm to Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton mentioning her exploratory committee and same reaction about Sam Brownback .
What about Governor Richardson ?
Are folks saying anything about his announcement ?
What they are saying -- well , to be perfectly honest about it , he does n't have the name recognition that Hillary Rodham Clinton does .
When I say lukewarm , what I really am saying is it is old hat here .
Just about every candidate gets to meet seemingly almost every resident of the state .
That was what the people here say is so up unique about the primaries .
So to them , in New Hampshire , you can probably encapsulate it by saying another day , another candidate .
Interesting .
All right .
Bob Franken , in Manchester .
Thanks so much . .
It is a real winter mess out there .
Particularly in the Midwest and Oklahoma thousands are shivering and hoping it is sooner as opposed to later when it comes to restoring their electricity .
Some are going on eight days now without power in Mother Nature 's deep freeze .
CNN 's Reggie Aqui is live in McAlester , Oklahoma .
It must be getting warmer because every day you are shedding yet one more layer of clothing .
What 's going on here ?
I wondered if you would notice that .
Yes , I did .
Yes .
Also , you notice something else .
Look , no ice behind me .
That 's definitely a good sign .
These folks here with the power company are trying to get a new pole in because the pole fell down .
They are really wrapping up their work Fredricka this afternoon .
Because most of the people here in McAlester and actually state wide now have their power back on .
Now , today when we actually were eating breakfast we met a woman who really had an interesting story to tell .
What we found out from her is this ice storm did n't just affect people 's lives .
It also severely affected their livelihood .
When the lights finally came back on today in Southeast Oklahoma --
Any more creamer ?
Wendy Singleton could n't get back to work fast enough .
For ten days this waitress waited .
No power , no water .
No work .
Like most of McAlester the Denny 's Restaurant where she works , did n't have dependable power because of last week 's huge ice storm .
Today the ice is gone .
In many cases , so is the money .
