Well , hi , Betty .
You know , one of the reasons the U.S. military relies so much on helicopters is because of the danger of traveling on the ground .
But , of course , helicopter travel can be dangerous as well .
This -- this crash is now suspected to be the result of hostile fire from the ground .
Now , that is the operating theory that they are looking at , based on the fact that they found a -- a missile launch tube that would indicate that perhaps a shoulder-fired missile would have been fired at the -- at the Black Hawk helicopter .
Again , twelve people on board , four crew members and eight others , all died in that crash , which -- the leading theory now is that it was caused by hostile fire .
None of the identities of the dead soldiers have been released yet , as the military continues the investigation -- Betty .
Jamie , no one is claiming responsibility .
This happened over the weekend .
No word yet on who might be claiming responsibility ?
Well , CNN has heard of an Islamist group that has claimed responsibility for downing the aircraft .
But , you know , those kind of claims of responsibility come all the time .
And we have no independent way of verifying it at this point .
All right , CNN 's Jamie McIntyre with the latest on that story -- thank you , Jamie .
More bombs at more outdoor markets in and around Baghdad -- 100 people , maybe more , are dead .
A pair of car bombs did most of the damage today , damage the Iraqi government calls horrible .
At least 88 people are dead in those attacks , almost twice as many wounded .
Hours later , a bomb ripped through a marketplace outside Baquba , north of the capital , killing 12 , wounding 40 .
The U.S. military , meanwhile , is trying to get to the bottom of a weekend attack in Karbala .
Attackers there infiltrated a security compound , reportedly disguised as U.S. military officials .
They killed five U.S. soldiers , before escaping .
Their fate today is n't clear .
We have got new information and new pictures coming in about that explosion in Gaza .
Let 's head to the NEWSROOM -- T.J. Holmes working all the details for us on that -- T.J.
Well , again , like you said there , Don , this is in Gaza City .
And this was the office -- the office of Al-Arabiya , the Arabic satellite channel -- a huge explosion at that office this evening .
These -- these are the new pictures we 're seeing .
You have seen the damage there , glass blown out , a lot of damage done to this building .
However , the building was empty at the time .
The employees were not there .
Again , this is Al-Arabiya , the Arab -- Arabic satellite channel , where a huge blast has happened tonight in Gaza City .
What we do know is that there has been some kind of a -- a dispute between Al-Arabiya and the Hamas government that has come to power there in the Palestinian government .
There was a dispute over some -- some of the reporting that Al-Arabiya had been doing .
Some of the reporters at Al-Arabiya had been the subject , the target of death threats .
