Rick says the phone belonged to Shawn .
And I gave him directions to my apartment .
And he said , " Oh , I live right across the street .
It will only take me just a few minutes .
"
So he came over and picked up his phone .
He seemed a little bit nervous .
But , you know , did n't act like there was anything out of the ordinary .
Butler said he assumed Hornbeck was Devlin 's son .
Several months ago he says the two were pitching a tent on the grass .
He was just a single father with his boy , you know , getting ready for a camping trip .
So I did n't think anything unusual about it .
We of course now know Ben and Shaw n 's stay at Devlin 's apartment was anything but .
However , not one resident we spoke with sensed something was wrong .
He just seemed to me just like an average euphoric child , you know , as young kids are .
Just going back and forth with , you know , their , you know , guardian , or parent , or relative , or whatever .
And he did n't seem to display any type of social dysfunctions .
So lots of reactions about Michael Devlin .
A St . Louis newspaper says Michael Devlin moved into this ground level apartment back in 2002 .
His neighbors , as you heard from them , some say he kept to himself but he seemed like a pretty ordinary guy .
Even others thought that he was just a single dad .
Well joining us by phone now is Devlin 's landlord , Bill Romer .
And so Mr. Romer , what were your thoughts about Michael Devlin ?
Just total disbelief at the whole revelation .
Just like everything else you have been broadcasting , I really ca n't believe it .
But before learning about this discovery and the arrest made , what kind of guy did he seem like to you ?
To me , he was almost an ideal tenant .
He paid his rent on time and very pleasant and nice to me .
Very kind of soft spoken , low key .
Nothing out of the ordinary at all .
Did you ever observe within the past four years that wait a minute , there 's someone else living in that apartment unit ?
Well I was in there a year and a half ago working on a plumbing problem in another unit , and I did notice a teenage boy sleeping on the couch .
He had his back to me .
I did n't think anything of it at the time .
And in fact , I think Mike told me that it was his son .
In fact on a recent lease that he renewed with , me he wrote in Shawn Devlin as another occupant in the unit .
So that was n't strange to you or you never took it to the next step and had a conversation about oh , you know , what 's this son that I never knew about ?
Or tell me a little bit more about your son ?
No, not really .
You know , I do n't know what more I would have done in light of everything that the neighbors and friends are saying either .
They actually said you look exactly like Shawn Hornbeck .
And Shawn just blew it off and said whatever .
You know , it 's all really strange .
I do n't know what I would have or could have done differently .
