Well , first of all , her popularity , her experience , eight years in the White House , as well as now as a senator .
Her service on the Armed Services Committee .
The momentum that is building around the world for women 's leadership .
And , in this country , with Nancy Pelosi as speaker of the house , we now also have women at the head of the National Governors Association , the Democratic Governor 's Association , the Democratic Mayors Group .
This is just a really fertile climate for a woman to enter .
And it 's never been quite as good .
Well , how do you take the focus off of her gender , the fact that she is a female running and really just put it on who is the best candidate ?
Well , you 've hit the nail on the head because what the White House Project has been saying for the last eight years is , you have got have to have numbers .
Because if you have one woman , it 's very hard for her not to be looked at continually through the lens of gender or what she 's wearing and who her husband is .
But -- and also , hard for her not to have to be tough enough .
You know , the first woman always have to be man enough for the job .
But Hillary Clinton , if anybody has ever had the ability to maybe skip over that kind of gender coverage , she might be the one because God knows she 's had more gender attention than any woman in America , and she can raise money .
And that 's a big deal .
Well , Condoleezza Rice had a lot of attention .
Do you think we 'll see a Republican female throw her name in the hat ?
Well , we have for the past couple of years .
Right now she is pretty much distracted with the Middle Eastern situation , the war in Iraq .
So I do n't think so .
I thought so a couple of years ago , but you will hear people talking about Susan Collins , the senator from Maine , as a vice presidential candidate or Kay Bailey Hutchison , senator from Texas .
So you 'll hear about women in the Democratic and the Republican parties .
And that 's good for the country .
Marie Wilson , president of the White House Project , thanks for your time today .
Thank you .
It is a good day to be here .
And as we 've been reporting , Bill Richardson now joining the Democratic logjam of potential presidential candidates , the New Mexico governor announcing on his Web site just moments ago that he 's considering a presidential run in 2008 .
Richardson joins potential Democratic frontrunners Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama in launching exploratory committees this week .
Police in Indiana and Illinois looking for a man who allegedly abducted his girlfriend and their four children , one of those kids may be in serious medical distress right now .
Police telling us last hour that they 've now found the suspect 's abandoned car .
No word yet on what caused a U.S. military helicopter to crash in Diyala province of Iraq , just northeast of Baghdad .
Twelve U.S. service members were killed .
Five more American soldiers died in an attack in Karbala on Saturday .
It was the third deadliest day for U.S. forces in Iraq since the war started .
