Yes .
... this it sounds like they did .
So that 's the important thing .
OK , well , help us with this .
In the initial day or so after this event , December 13th , there was a sense that there would be a kind of a -- not a -- I do n't want to say a quick recovery , but that the first 24 to 48 hours were significant .
But put that time frame into real perspective for us .
Yes , I heard the same thing , Tony .
And I think it was a little bit confusing for some people .
But I think that within the first 24 to 48 hours after an operation like this , what doctors are really looking for is is someone going to survive this .
Yes .
Is someone going to actually live through this or not ?
After that , you start talking about recovery .
And when people say how is he going to recover , what they 're really asking , is he going to be able to understand speech , is he going to be able to speak again , is he going to be able to move his right side again ?
And those things are measured in months .
Wow !
And I 've seen people , Tony , have up to 18 months of recovery after something like this .
So it could be a long , long process in terms of his recovery .
And there was reporting tonight that after the surgery there was fluid in the lungs .
How much of a concern is that ?
Not uncommon .
Typically , after someone has an operation and is in the hospital sort of on their back for a time , they may develop some pneumonia , develop some infection in the lungs .
That is not that unusual and pretty easily treated .
But he is back on the breathing machine , as well .
Yes .
So that makes it harder for him to obviously assess his speech and those sorts of things .
We 're going to get some legislation , a bill , out of this 110th Congress addressing stem cell research .
Give us a general overview .
And I guess the big question is what will the bill likely look like and what 's the president 's likely reaction ?
A huge issue .
Yes .
Two things , probably , that are going to be really important for the bill .
One is it 's going to expand federal funding .
There really is no federal funding for stem cell research except for some stem cell lines that were created before a certain date .
This is going to talk about expanding federal funding for all sorts of different stem cell lines and to ethnic cleansing researchers to come into these labs and start working on stem cell research for the treatment that we 've heard about , sort of for things like Parkinson 's Disease , spinal cord injury and that sort of thing .
The other thing it 's going to do is it 's going to send up incentive programs to start to allow the states to build stem cell centers of excellence , if you will , so they can start doing some of this research at both the private and the public level .
