All right .
When we come back , making the rounds on TV talk shows with the newly-declared U.S. presidential candidate .
And then a bit later , when a surprising number of offbeat movies and actors get nominated for an Academy Award , a number of famous favorites get left off the list .
Welcome back to YOUR WORLD TODAY .
I 'm Hala Gorani .
Here are some of the top stories we 're following .
Hezbollah-led protesters are stepping up their campaign in Lebanon to topple the country 's government , with deadly results in some cases .
Police report three were killed and up to one hundred people injured in Beirut when gunfire broke out .
Hezbollah wants the prime minister to step down and called for early elections .
Government supporters call the action an attempted coup .
China confirmed that it did fire a missile at one of its old weather satellites earlier this month .
But a foreign ministry spokesman says Beijing opposes the weaponization of space , as it 's called .
The U.S. and Japan were among those who criticized the firing as an escalation of the arms race in outer space .
George Bush will try to rally Americans behind his latest Iraqi plan .
The American president will present first State of the Union Address to a Democratic-controlled Congress hours from now .
There is deep skepticism over his troop build up strategy in some corners .
Mr.
Bush will also focus on domestic issues like immigration , energy , education and healthcare , as well .
This evening we 'll carry that live for you on CNN.
We want to return now to our top story this hour on YOUR WORLD TODAY out of Lebanon , those protests .
Ibrahim Moussaoui is on the telephone line with us from Beirut .
He 's the editor of " Al Manar Television " run by Hezbollah .
Ibrahim Moussaoui , thanks for being with us .
What is that strategy here ?
The country is paralyzed , the economy is crumbling .
Why are the protesters going to such lengths in order to bring their message to the government ?
IBRAHIM MOUSSAOUI , EDITOR , " AL MANAR TV " : Well , it 's been 63 days that the protest has been going on .
And the government -- the government , according to Siniora , the de facto prime minister , has never blinked an eye so that -- I mean , the majority of the people are in the streets .
They are staging sit-ins , demonstrations .
A huge demonstration ( INAUDIBLE) ... one million , five hundred thousand people in the streets .
They comprise many communities , Druzes , Christians , Shiite and some Sunnis .
And the division is along political lines , yet the government is not going to bow to the demands of the opposition to be part of the decision making , to be part of the sharing -- this is a constitutional democracy and the government is trying to hijack the decision in Lebanon .
And this is not accepted by the opposition .
But let me ask this , Ibrahim Moussaoui .
I 'm sorry for interrupting , we have limited time .
But you 're saying the government is hijacking .
It seems like the opposition is hijacking here and blackmailing this democratically elected government .
