Hello .
You 're going to incite a riot with that kind of talk , Miles .
You know , oil prices are down about 13 percent since the beginning of the year , and that always gets people wondering how far gas prices are going down .
So , let 's take a look at where gas prices are : $ 2.23 is the national average for the price of unleaded self - serve gasoline .
A month ago it was $ 2.30 .
If you take the relationship between crude oil and gasoline ; mathematically every dollar drop in the price of crude oil should result in about a 3 cent drop in the price of gas .
That 's ideal .
That has n't happened .
According to that calculation , gas prices should have dropped about 23 cents or 24 cents .
Has n't happened .
It 's only dropped about 7 cents .
Now , gas station owners do n't make as much on gasoline as you think .
And when gas prices go up , because of the competition , they ca n't usually squeeze as much out of it .
They make more money on a cup of coffee than they do on your gas tank fill , usually .
What happens when prices go down , they drag their feet in bringing those prices down , because this is the most profitable time for them .
Right now we 're looking at an analysis that suggests that gas prices will probably go down about 10 cents , or a little more than that , in the next week to 10 days .
By then OPEC may have had a meeting to stem the slide in oil prices .
Already looks like that 's happening .
Maybe expect another 10- cent break in the price of gas , and then it will stop , and then we 'll be in spring , and gas prices will go up again , Miles .
So it goes , on and on .
Thank you very much , Ali Velshi .
The top stories of the morning are coming up next .
Including overnight developments about the health of Fidel Castro .
Is he much worse than Cuba is letting on ?
Plus , Senator John McCain takes a not so friendly fire from the far right .
Why he is fending off criticism from an evangelical leader .
And the glitz , the glam , the Golden Globe winners .
Did you miss the award shows last night ?
Do n't worry .
We 'll catch up this morning .
You 'll be fine at the office and around the water cooler .
You 're watching AMERICAN MORNING.
The most news in the morning is on CNN.
Life as a kidnapped teenager .
New details about Shawn Hornbeck 's four-year ordeal , and what might have kept him from running for help .
Developing news about Cuban leader Fidel Castro .
His health may be taking a turn for the worse .
America on ice .
Slick roads kill at least 41 people across six states .
Fruit crops are now in the danger zone out West .
And Golden Girls , " Dream Girls " scores big at the Golden Globes , but other winners from Hollywood 's wild night , leave a wide open race for the Oscars , on this AMERICAN MORNING.
Good morning , to you , it is Tuesday , January 16 .
I 'm Miles O'Brien in New York .
