Welcome back to our continuing coverage .
Earlier in the day , there was a memorial service here in the nation 's capital .
Chief National Correspondent John King was there .
You were at the National Cathedral , John .
Very emotional on this national day of mourning .
It is a very emotional day , and we see now the former president , the 38th president of the United States , back home in Grand Rapids , Michigan , the people he represented for a quarter century in the Congress .
And this day began right outside the House chamber , where Mr. Ford had his highest ambitions in Washington before fate changed his own history .
The last day in Washington began in the rotunda of the House .
To remember a man is to retrace his steps in history , and the gentleman from Michigan searched here for a quarter century .
I watched from the back bench , I watched this good man .
To political ally and adversary ally , Jerry Ford 's word was always good .
To know Jerry was to know a Norman Rockwell painting come to life .
Across the Capitol to the Senate .
Vice presidents also serve as president of the Senate .
It was not a job he wanted .
When President Nixon needed to replace a vice president who had resigned in scandal , he naturally turned to a man whose name was a synonym for integrity , Gerald R. Ford .
He was vice president just eight short months .
Son Steve wiping a tear for retracing his father 's most important steps , down Pennsylvania Avenue to the White House .
Propelled into the presidency by a sequence of unpredictable events , he had an impact so profound it 's rightly to considered providential .
In Washington 's majestic National Cathedral they gathered to remember the unassuming son of a broken family who held a nation together after its president resigned in disgrace .
G. W. BUS
And when he thought that the nation needed to put Watergate behind us , he made the tough and decent decision to pardon President Nixon , even though that decision probably cost him the presidential election .
The only man to serve as vice president and president without being elected to either job .
Just two and a half years in the Oval Office , yet days of considerable consequence , surviving the stain of Watergate and the humiliation of defeat in Vietnam .
For this and for so much more , his presidency will be remembered as a time of healing in our land .
History has a way of matching man and moment .
Mr.
Ford 's impact hardly ended when he left the White House .
Vice President Cheney and Donald Rumsfeld are among the many old Ford hands who have had major roles in the current administration .
Humor was one of Mr. Ford 's favorite political tools , and this self - deprecating man would have enjoyed one more laugh at his expense .
" I know I 'm playing better golf , " President Ford once reported to friends .
" Because I 'm hitting fewer spectators . "
And after a few last steps , and " Hail to the Chief " in a blustery breeze , what he would have cherished most , his beloved Betty looking on , making sure he was settled in comfortably on the final trip home .
