Frederik , were you out in this at all ?
If you were , tell us what it felt like as we look at this video that 's pretty incredible .
Well , it was amazing .
I mean , I 've covered a couple of these storms in Germany before .
But I have to tell you , I 've never seen one like this .
I 'm sure many Europeans have not seen one like this in many years .
Really , there was just torrential rain pouring down and very , very heavy and very gusty winds , up to 120 miles an hour gusts , really hurricane-force winds here .
And the amazing thing about the storm is that it just engulfed the entire continent and caused so very much damage .
German authorities told people it was best to stay inside .
And the people who did that were safe .
But the people who did n't were really living very , very dangerously , and dozens of people actually did die in the storm -- Heidi .
Wow .
All right .
Well , we continue to look at those disturbing pictures , to say the least .
Frederik Pleitgen , our Berlin bureau chief .
Thank you , Frederik .
Bracing for the next blast .
The central U.S. reeling from the last storm .
More winter weather on the way now .
The bone - chilling details ahead in the NEWSROOM.
We continue to follow a developing story this hour out of Massachusetts .
Police in Sudbury -- that 's near Boston -- say one person was killed in a stabbing at Lincoln-Sudbury High School .
It 's a school of about 1,600 kids .
Police are not saying whether that victim was a student or employee , but we should tell you , according to our affiliate on the ground there , WHDH reporting , and also WCVB reporting , that it was , indeed , a 17-year-old student .
Let 's go ahead and listen in to some sound of what happened on the scene .
What happened ?
I just came in to school today .
It was a normal day .
And then , like , I do n't know , around 7:30 , 7:40 , all these people came into the cafeteria .
I guess they were trying to evacuate a whole section of the building .
So , what they did was they separated us all into , like , different sections to try to keep us safe while the police , like , you know , looked around for evidence and everything .
So , I guess right now one kid is in jail or he got arrested , and the other kid is assumed dead .
That 's what we heard .
We are looking now at some microphones there , anticipating a press conference .
Likely to speak at that press conference , Middlesex district attorney Jerry Leoni ( ph ) .
And again , we are waiting for more details on that .
Not sure exactly what happened , but you heard from some of the students there , obviously very , very upset to have something like this happen at their school .
We know there is one fatality .
It happened around 8:15 in the morning , Lincoln-Sudbury High School , just outside of Boston .
We 'll continue to follow it for you .
We want to give you some new pictures that we 're just getting in here to CNN of that raid we 've been telling you about in Baghdad in which a prominent -- a senior spokesperson someone very close to radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr was taken into custody .
