Man , Williams was in his second year with the Broncos .
He was 24 years old .
Have you noticed , 2007 is off to a frigid start .
People are shivering from the desert to the High Plains .
The big winter storm that blew in just ahead of the new year is blamed for at least a dozen deaths .
Parts of Colorado got up to four feet of snow .
After barreling across Colorado , the snow and the ice moved into the Plains .
Nebraska , Kansas , Oklahoma all feeling the icy weather .
The roads , due to the ice , causing a lot of accidents .
Tens of thousands of people all across that region are without power .
In New Mexico , a nightmare for holiday travelers .
The storm dumped up to two feet of snow in Albuquerque , stranding hundreds of motorists .
So , what a way to spend New Year 's Eve ? Stuck in your car on a snowbound highway .
That 's how hundreds of motorists in New Mexico ushered in '07 .
KOAT 's Sasha Androtte ( ph ) has the story from Albuquerque .
It 's not much of a party , but this is where hundreds of people spent New Year 's Eve .
Pretty frustrated , I ca n't get home , you know ?
They are talking about free shelters , but I live here .
Drivers determined to get out of Albuquerque before '07 opted to sit in traffic and wait .
Well , we are trying to go back to Edgewood and kind of have a party tonight .
You know , the rest of the family is back there .
In this long line , everybody had a story .
Chris Carpenter lives in the East Mountains , but he was at ( INAUDIBLE ) all day with his wife .
She just got her gallbladder removed this morning .
Now he 's trying to get home to take care of his dog .
She 's probably cold and hungry .
And Dawn Linganfalter ( ph ) is nine months pregnant .
Well , I 'm already in position to have my baby anytime .
So the doctor is expecting me to go into labor .
As if that 's not enough weight to carry , she also has four fussy kids in the back seat .
The baby is cranky .
He wants to get out and go outside and play .
But no matter how badly people wanted to get home --
Real bad .
Why ?
Because we do n't want to be stuck in the car all night .
State police would n't budge .
It 's all shut down .
The icy roads and heavy fog made this a New Year 's Eve to remember , or maybe one people would rather forget .
Chad Myers is in the CNN Weather Center .
That 's record snow for Albuquerque , right ?
The U.S. death toll in Iraq has reached 3,000 as the military marked that somber milestone , there 's this : For the first time , more U.S. troops disapprove of how President Bush is handling the Iraq war , than approve .
That 's from a new " Military Times " poll ; 35 percent of service members polled say they approve , 42 percent disapprove .
Only 41 percent of military members now say the U.S. should have gone to war in Iraq .
That 's down from 65 percent in 2003 .
