So far , eight pregnancies have come from the embryos rescued in the great flood .
The Markums have named their new baby Noah .
Susan Roesgen , CNN, Covington , Louisiana .
Susan , thanks .
What a great name too .
Noah .
News this week as well that may help one day to reduce the risk of Sudden Infant Death Syndrome .
Researchers at Vanderbilt University discovered nearly 10 percent of SIDS victims have a defective heart gene , which increases the risk of the deadly heart rhythms .
SIDS is the leading cause of death in infants up to age one , but scientists involved in two studies say knowing about these genes could help identify infants at risk .
They do n't go so far as to recommend genetic testing for every newborn , but suggest high risk babies ' hearts could be examined with an EKG to determine if genetic testing is required .
Let 's take a look now at some news making medical headlines this week with Judy Fortin and " The Pulse " .
Taking good care of your teeth could help prevent cancer .
Harvard researchers found that those with periodontal or gum disease have a greater risk of developing pancreatic cancer .
Researchers believe inflammation and high levels of oral bacteria are to blame .
When it comes to apple juice , the cloudier , the better .
That 's the verdict of Polish researchers , who say that pulpy , non clarified juice , has more disease fighting antioxidants than clear apple juice .
New York doctors might be able to offer some help to women who want to give birth , but ca n't .
The doctors say they have recovered eight uteri from deceased donors and are screening women in preparation for a possible uterine transplant .
The surgery has been performed on animals .
And the first U.S. operation could take place within a year .
Judy Fortin , CNN, Atlanta .
All right , Judy , thanks .
Coming up , fighting back from paralysis .
Last year , my hands were limp like this .
I could n't hold my hands up at all .
We 'll give you a chance to meet Coach Mike Sutton .
Also find out about the rare syndrome that left him paralyzed .
That 's coming up after the break .
Welcome back to HOUSE CALL.
With basketball season in full swing , we take you courtside to meet an active and popular coach , Mike Sutton , who was suddenly paralyzed , the victim of a mysterious disease called Guillaine-Barre Syndrome , or GBS.
Even though this disease is rare , affecting one in 100,000 each year , some people do die from GBS. Others , like Mike Sutton , are left to fight back to regain some semblance of the life they once had .
Mike Sutton was an energetic basketball coach with Tennessee Tech when his health took a stunning turn for the worse .
My hands and feet ached , and I was really tired , and collapsed in the parking lot , fell down on my suitcase .
With no warning , Sutton was struck with Guillaine-Barre Syndrome or GBS.
GBS causes the body 's immune system to mistakenly attack and destroy the insulation protecting the nerves in your body .
So in just a matter of days , Mike was paralyzed .
He could barely move a muscle .
