BRUCE UPBIN , " FORBES " MAGAZIN
The thing about Youtube is the reason that it became so successful because anyone can put up anything at anytime .
Youtube is forced to take things down if they 've infringe on a copyright .
And they 've been told by the judge to take this down for privacy reasons .
But people keep putting it back on .
So a judge in Sao Paolo has now ordered Youtube to used filters to ensure the video does n't reappear .
Malzoni 's lawyer said it struggles to have some level of control to avoid violations of people 's fundamental rights such as privacy and intimacy .
There may be more trouble ahead for Youtube .
A panel of Brazilian judges will decide whether the service should be fined a sum of $ 100,000 for every day that the video was available .
It 's for cases like this that Youtube 's owner , Google , set aside tens of millions of dollars to cover fines and legal bills .
We 're going to see this forever and forever .
Bill is going to money into every little suit that comes up .
They might be hit with a very big one , the most for copyright infringement .
The case of Daniela Cicarelli shows that a global presence online brings it 's own dilemmas .
This is the trouble with doing business on the Internet .
You 're exposed in all jurisdictions .
Youtube for the moment as far as I know , is limited to the USA .
Anybody that has a problem to get judgment in Brazil , you 've got to go to the USA to enforce that judgment .
No comment from Youtube on this case , nor from Daniela Cicarelli , but few in the fashion industry think it will harm her career .
Tim Lister , CNN, Atlanta .
Well this may be a problem for you , and that is getting out of your holiday debt .
" Open House " tells you the very first thing that you need to do that is coming u pin 15minutes .
And are you looking for a new backside in the New Year ?
A new rear ?
Yes .
That 's Jerry Anderson .
We 're not going to have him turn around and show you his .
He 's going to help you with a plan and tell you how to get that backside you that want .
All right then .
Eating better in 2007 .
We have nutrition news to help get you jump-started to better health this year ahead .
The trend to oust trans fats gains momentum .
This past week Starbucks cut the artery clogging trans fats from all of its baked goods , but in only ten U.S. cities .
The coffee giant says those in the rest of America should be trans fat-free by the end of this year .
Also this year , watch for a food additive that is actually good for your health .
Start checking food labels for Omega-3 expect this hot additive to pop up in all sorts of processed foods from orange juice to cereal .
Tests show that Omega-3 cuts the risk of heart disease and may help fight Alzheimer 's .
So will those Omega-3 additives really help you with your health ?
Let 's bring in our fitness guru , Jerry Anderson .
Jerry Happy New Year to you .
