Now there are some other mysteries , Fredricka .
These pilots were familiar with this airport , with Bluegrass Airport in Lexington , Kentucky .
There are still questions about whether construction to the taxiways to those runways the week before , whether that could have confused them and had them heading to the wrong runway , and maybe that 's how they ended up on this short runway .
At this point , we do n't know the answer to that question .
I remember that being a question immediately following that accident .
Meantime , you mentioned the lone survivor , the copilot -- how is he doing ?
Well , one of our CNN affiliates in Bowling Green reporting that he had a leg that was amputated , and also that there was some brain damage .
What 's interesting is the National Transportation Safety Board says he has n't been interviewed by investigators at this point because of medical reasons .
So a source there telling me presumably that 's because a doctor has said he 's not ready to talk with investigators .
And as we said , reports that he has suffered brain damage , so that could be the cause of that .
Right .
All right , Brianna Keilar , thank you so much for that update from Washington .
Meantime , just back from Iraq , with plenty to say about it , a congressional delegation , Republican and Democrat , met the troops , the generals , the politicians , and later in this program , they meet the media .
CNN will carry their news conference live .
Senators Hillary Rodham Clinton , Evan Bayh and Representative John McCune , they 'll speak from Washington at about 3:00 p.m. Eastern .
We look ford to that .
And the midterm elections are a memory .
The presidential primaries , and caucuses and straw polls are just close enough to be tantalizing .
It 's exploration season .
CNN 's Bob Franken surveys a field of explorers , a field that gets more crowded by the week .
I 'll be filing papers today to create a presidential exploratory committee .
He may be considered inexperienced , but Barack Obama has already learned how to milk publicity .
On February 10th , at the end of these discussions in my home state of Illinois , I 'll share my plans with my friends , neighbors and fellow Americans .
The nation waits .
In the meantime , Republican Sam Brownback Will be diving in from the right on Saturday .
His campaign slogan , I 'm not John McCain .
Take the addition of more troops to Iraq .
Not the answer , says Brownback .
The answer , argues McCain .
I believe it 's necessary , and I hope we can move forward .
McCain has not officially moved forward with his presidential candidacy .
But there are few surer things in this life .
That 's probably true on the Democratic side of Hillary Rodham Clinton 's plans .
Clinton aides are complaining that John Edwards , who 's already in the ballgame , has been throwing some hardballs at her , departing from his , we 're all in this together mantra .
We 're going to have to do it , all of us together .
The presidential candidate landscape is already cluttered .
Among Democrats , Congressman Dennis Kucinich , Senator Christopher Dodd , former Iowa Governor Tom Vilsack , who at least does n't have to travel far .
