And Wolf , we all know her as Nancy Pelosi , but the woman that you 're looking at there used to be Nancy D'Alessandro , a little Italian-American girl who grew up in a political household but never herself thought that she would go into politics .
And there , she 's surrounded by at least one , I think , of her six grandchildren .
A lovely picture indeed .
So many of the young people are there , so many children and grandchildren of members who have been brought on the floor .
We 're going to continue to watch this together with you , Andrea .
The speaker to be , Nancy Pelosi , promising in the first 100 hours of the House of Representatives to go through several major pieces of legislation .
Starting on January 9 , they want to implement all , all the recommendations , of the 9/11 Commission .
On January 10 , the Democrats say they have the votes to increase the federal minimum wage .
The next day , they want to expand embryonic and other forms of stem cell research .
On January 12 , they hope to negotiate lower prescription drug costs for Medicare recipients .
The following week , on January 17 , they hope to cut interest rates on student loans .
Finally , on January 18 , they want to end what they call oil subsidies to big oil and invest that money in renewable energy sources .
Our Ali Velshi is watching that part of the story for us .
Ali , what do the Democrats really hope to do by getting this legislation through the House ?
And they hope it will get through the Senate , and the president will sign it into law .
That 's right , Wolf .
And you know , it 's one of the more complicated measures that they put out there .
But for a long time , people were mad about the price of oil .
Right after Hurricane Katrina , right after those record gas prices , oil prices , we saw those massive profits that the oil companies were bringing in .
Well , get this .
The oil companies , you know , they do n't own the water in which they drill in America ; they lease it from the government .
In exchange , they pay royalties .
But back in 1998 , oil was $ 11 a barrel .
And the government wanted to make sure that the oil companies kept drilling and kept exploring , so they gave them relief from those royalties .
And the deal was this : you do n't pay right now , but when oil hits 30 bucks a barrel or higher , those royalties kick in again .
Back in 1998 , someone missed the boat on this .
Someone did n't dot an " I" or cross a " T" , and a bunch of oil companies did n't have their contracts with that clause in it .
So all this time , oil 's been going up , above 30 , above 40 , above 50 , above 60 , above 70 bucks and a bunch of oil companies have n't had to pay those royalties to the government .
Well , the Democrats want to close that loophole for good .
Five oil companies have already agreed to pay the oil hence forth , pay the royalties on the oil and gas henceforth , but not the back stuff that they 've already gotten away without paying .
By the government 's own estimates , the American government has lost about $ 10 billion because of this loophole .
