Well , it 's pretty clear that there are contending American and Iraqi agendas here .
The United States is looking for a road home , which requires at least a minimal fulfillment of American objectives here .
To accomplish that , they 've got to have some kind of healing process amongst Iraqi politicians of different ethnic and religious backgrounds .
Mr.
Maliki , on the other hand , is a tribute of Shiite religious interest and as he would see it , of the 60 percent of the population that are Shiites who have waited a thousand years for this opportunity to rule here and they do not intend to be deflected or , if you will , constrained by the United States .
So I think what we 're going to see here is a growing contest of wills .
And I would n't be at all surprised if the loser in that is Mr. Maliki .
There 's much talk across the river in the Green Zone about easing him out over the next few weeks or months .
So in other words , Nouri al Maliki could be in trouble unless he delivers .
Bottom line , do you think he has the guts to go stand up against Muqtada al Sadr and the Mahdi Army , this Shiite militia in Sadr City ?
You know , I do n't think it 's a question of guts , I think all these people who went through the fire with Saddam , they 're all former exiles , as you know .
All of them , Mr. Maliki included , lost large proportions of their family to Mr. Saddam Hussein 's gulag .
I think it 's a question of will and whether or not Maliki -- Nouri al Maliki can break with 30 or 40 years of commitment in the Shiite religious cause .
There 's no sign to date that he 's been prepared to do that .
He makes the right speeches .
He sat across the table from President Bush and said all the right things .
He did right from the start when he took office eight months ago .
He just has n't done it .
He continues to look for ways around it .
Indeed , at the extreme , he has intervened to persuade the Americans to release captured Iraqis who the American military command has designated as death squad leaders in the Shiite interest .
So the signs are not good .
And I think one interpretation you can make of the Bush plan is they 've built in assumption in , that Maliki will not fulfill those pledges .
He wo n't meet the bench marks .
And the Americans have been working intensively behind the scenes to create a kind of parallel political movement , a moderate political movement , based on factions within the existing Iraqi parliament that could be used as a vehicle for a parliamentary coup against Mr. Maliki .
Fascinating material .
One related question , this U.S. military operation in the northern part of the country in the Kurdish area against these Iranian officials , supposedly diplomats , it 's causing some heartburn in the Iraqi government among the Kurds .
What 's going on ?
Well , I 'm in Baghdad .
It happened in Irbil 150 miles north of here .
But it seems to me from everything I know about it that it 's the straw in the wind .
Whatever else it may mean , and clearly the Iranians have been up to no good here .
They 've been supplying sophisticated weapons , including armor penetrating missiles and rockets to insurgents here .
They 've been helping to kill American soldiers .
