In another story kissing babies and glad-handing ?
That is so 20th century , do n't you think , Nicole ?
Oh , yes .
The 21st century is all about getting as many Myspace friends as possible .
The Internet .
We 're finding a lot of great stuff online .
We 'll show you some of that to you when CNN SUNDAY MORNING continues .
This just into CNN new video here now of battle between Iraqi government forces and insurgents in the Shiite holy city of Najaf .
The Iraq forces were backed by U.S. helicopters and they provincial governor said a U.S. helicopter went down during the fighting , but military officials have not confirmed that report .
We are working to bring you more details there .
Also today , two mortars slammed into a girls ' school in Baghdad this morning .
Residents say at least one student was killed .
Other reports say as many as five are dead .
Also , we 're just getting word within the past hour of another U.S. service member death in Iraq .
The military reporting today that a Marine injured in fighting in Anbar province has died .
Roadside bombs also taking a deadly toll on U.S. force .
The military officials say seven service members have been killed in Baghdad and Diyala Province since Thursday .
Went to show you this new video just in from Afghanistan where House Speaker Nancy Pelosi is getting a firsthand look at the war zone .
Pelosi her delegation met with Afghan president Hamid Karzai .
Plus , she had breakfast with U.S. troops .
Now , this is on the heels of her visit , last week , to Iraq .
Know what that is , gunfire echoing through the streets of Gaza City today .
Rival Hamas and Fattah factions have been battling each other for several days now .
About two dozen people have been killed since Friday .
You know , once it was one of Baghdad 's most fashionable thoroughfares .
Today , it is a bloody battleground .
Haifa Street is located just outside the Green Zone , once home to Saddam Hussein 's government , later a base of operations to well-armed insurgents .
Dozens of insurgents died in a major battle there this week .
And CNN 's Arwa Damon is one of the CNN correspondents covering the battle for Haifa Street .
She shows us the incredible dangers faced by the U.S. and Iraqi troops in this urban warfare .
This is where the battle for Baghdad was fought , out of apartments and high-rise buildings that line this major Baghdad thoroughfare .
Listen carefully as the U.S. troops spot an Iraqi insurgent in a nearby building .
Right over here .
See the corner of a building .
Sunlight .
They 're running between and that blue door .
See there they go .
The insurgents are so close , the Americans can see them without binoculars .
There you go , there you go .
That 's a money maker right there .
That material was shot by a Pentagon camera crew .
At another building nearby , we had a different vantage point .
Hey , coming up !
We arrived on this rooftop near Baghdad 's Haifa Street seven hours into the battle .
The American troops side-by-side with their Iraqi counterparts are being fired at from one of those high rises in the foreground .
