As you face the political scene here over the next year or so , Reverend James Dobson , conservative evangelical , Focus on the Family group , said in a radio interview just the other day that he could not support you under any circumstances .
To what extent , as you face the primaries , where conservative voters have a lot of sway , to what extent is this a political problem for you ?
I do n't know , but I have never had a conversation with Dr. Dobson .
He 's entitled to his opinion .
It 's a free country and I 'm not going to worry about it .
You 're not worried about it ?
No.
And concern on the conservative side of the party ?
Well , you know , you 're always a little -- wonder why someone you never had a conversation with attacks you , but , hey , we 'll move on .
We 're doing fine .
All right .
Thank you .
Senator John McCain , thanks for your time this morning .
Thanks , Miles .
Soledad .
Coming up this morning , Democratic reaction to last night 's speech .
New Mexico governor and presidential hopeful Bill Richardson will join us live .
We 'll get his take on the State of the Union .
Plus , a major victory for thousands of homeowners hit hard by Hurricane Katrina .
We 'll explain what they got when we mind your business straight ahead .
Stay with us .
Some Katrina victims are going to finally be getting the money from their insurance company .
It is 25 minutes past the hour .
Carrie Lee is " Minding Your Business " this morning .
Good morning .
Thank you , Soledad .
Big story here for State Farm Insurance .
The company has agreed to a multimillion-dollar settlement of Hurricane Katrina lawsuits in the state of Mississippi .
Now , breaking this down , the company 's going to pay $ 80 million to 640 policyholders who have sued the company for refusing to cover damage , and then also , they could pay money to thousands of Mississippi policyholders , up to $ 35,000 , whose claims were denied , but they did n't sue the company .
Now those cases are going to be reopened .
Of course , State Farm has argued all along that it was water , not wind , that caused damage to people 's homes , and that it does not cover for flood damage .
But bottom line , this settlement resolves a civil lawsuit that Mississippi 's attorney general has filed .
It also ends a criminal investigation .
And Soledad , this is Mississippi-wide .
No other states apply .
So it could potentially set a precedent for other states , as well as for other insurers .
But a lot of money is going to be paid here , for sure .
About time for many people who have been waiting a long , long time for that cash .
Exactly , yes .
So these are all going to be put in writing within 18 business days and then people can decide whether they want to accept or reject the offers .
Carrie Lee , thank you very much .
Sure .
We 're going to meet a man who wants to take President Bush 's place at the White House come 2008 .
Up next , New Mexico 's Democratic governor , Bill Richardson , will join us live with his reaction to last night 's State of the Union Address .
