It 's about the size of a golf ball and has a rough surface on it with a metallic glint .
Police say they 're not exactly sure what it is .
The feds have taken a look .
They say it did n't come off of an aircraft .
Cue the " Twilight Zone " music here .
Toyota crashes the party turning the Big Three now into the Big Four .
A look at the top stories coming up , including some new developments in the Duke lacrosse sexual assault case .
And more fallout this morning from the cell phone video of Saddam Hussein 's Execution .
We 'll take you live to Baghdad straight ahead when AMERICAN MORNING returns .
Developing story : New pictures of the American contractors kidnapped in Iraq .
A second tape could be out there , too .
Change of heart : Two Duke University students accused of assaulting a stripper get a new offer .
Is the tide turning in their favor ?
And grab the reins : The new Congress takes office today .
We 're going to talk to two new senators who helped put Democrats back in charge , on this special edition of AMERICAN MORNING , coming to you live from Washington , D.C. , today .
And good morning .
Welcome back , everybody .
It is Thursday , January 4th .
I 'm Soledad O'Brien on Capitol Hill .
It 's such a pretty , pretty shot when they take that shot on the capitol .
It 's a gorgeous day out here today , John .
Good morning .
It really is nice .
It is a fabulous day to be outside today .
Maybe a little bit breezy , but where you are , that 's the place to be , Soledad .
Good morning , I 'm John Roberts in our Washington bureau , in for Miles O'Brien this week .
In Iraq this morning , a second guard is now being held by the Iraqi government , in addition to the man , it says , shot that cell phone video of Saddam Hussein 's final moments .
CNN 's Arwa Damon is live for us in Baghdad this morning .
Good morning , Arwa .
Good morning , Soledad .
And the Iraqi government is also saying that it is not to blame for that highly controversial cell phone footage , saying that the blame lies with the individuals who shot the footage and allowed it to be distributed .
These chilling uncensured images of Saddam Hussein 's final moments are at the center of an awkward Iraqi government investigation , into itself and all that went wrong with the execution of Saddam .
The government has said that it detained two security guards it says could be responsible for filming and distributing these images .
The guards are employees of the prison where the execution took place , the former military intelligence headquarters under Saddam , located in Khadmiye , in northern Baghdad .
Others might also be detained as the investigation continues .
It was meant to be a day that the government would hail as a success , in fact the day of the execution Iraq 's national security adviser , who was present as Saddam fell to his death told CNN.
There was absolutely no humiliation to Saddam Hussein when he was alive and after he was executed .
