And you know what , Melissa ?
No matter how many times you hear it , when you hear " Hail to the Chief , " it just -- you know , you ca n't help but take pause ...
... that .
Stand straight .
You stand straight , and you think about it .
But , also , listening to that Michigan fight song , you think about what a -- an incredible athlete Gerald Ford was .
And you think about what a man who -- of really non-ego , you know , even though he was the president of the United States , and , according to people who knew him , instilled that in his children and in his family .
You 're watching live coverage of the memorial services for the late Gerald R. Ford , live pictures on the right of throngs of people waiting for the procession to go by , the hearse and the motorcade carrying the late president .
And then you 're looking at live pictures there from Gerald R. Ford International Airport -- on the left , Mrs. Ford in the back of that limousine .
We will have continuing coverage coming up after a short break .
You 're in the CNN newsroom .
The CNN NEWSROOM today with continuing coverage of memorial services honoring the late President Gerald R. Ford , 38th president of the United States -- live pictures now from Gerald R. Ford International Airport in Grand Rapids , Michigan .
The motorcade -- we saw the first lady , former first lady , get into a limo just a short time ago , and is headed in a procession to the Ford Museum in Grand Rapids , Michigan .
Earlier , I said it 's the museum and library .
This is one of the only presidential museums that is not connected to a library .
They are both the same thing , but the museum is in Grand Rapids , Michigan and the library is in Ann Arbor .
I stand corrected on that one .
But there about to head there now .
And then later on this evening , there will be a memorial service there with several dignitaries , including the governor of Michigan and other folks who will be there to honor the late president .
We 'll have continuing coverage of this throughout the day and the throughout evening right here on CNN.
And we do want to make sure are up-to-date on the other news stories today as well .
Seven New Orleans police officers turned themselves in today , five days after they were indicted in the deaths of two men .
The killings were in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina and whipped up quite a storm of their own .
But as Sean Callebs reports the so-called Danziger Seven have as many supporters as they do critics .
The way the six current officers and one former officer surrendered to authorities speaks volume about the way this case is perceived here in New Orleans .
The street was lined with hundreds of New Orleans police officers and their supporters .
The seven were greeted with chants of heroes and NOPD as they made their way to the sheriff 's department to be fingerprinted and photographed .
Now , as if this case was n't highly charged enough , race has become an issue .
The Reverend Al Sharpton issued a statement saying he is believes that it is racially motivated .
Now , the attorneys involved in the case representing the defendants say that is simply laughable .
