How concerned are you with the recent spike in violence in New Orleans ?
Well , we are very concerned .
But as we speak , we have 360 troops on the ground .
I have 300 members of the National Guard and 60 state police who are working the city , who are working under the authority and the direction of the chief of police in New Orleans .
We are watching that situation very carefully .
We 're encouraging them .
We 're picking up the pieces because they -- they lost a significant number of their force .
Yes .
We are meeting with them and trying to get that force strength back up .
And they 're doing recruiting now and we 're trying to back that up .
And difficult to diversify your economy , to bring jobs to the region , companies to the region , if this city gets this tag , this label as being a place where violent crime happens .
Well , every large city has its own measure of violent crime .
But the citizens of New Orleans have -- have just put their foot down and say they want it stopped .
And I think that 's a very good sign , when you 've got -- when you have citizen involvement .
We 're going to help the legal and the law enforcement system get back on its footing .
There were a lot of problems with the jails not being completed and the courtrooms being ruined by the storms .
But we 're trying to tackle it from every single angle .
Less than half of New Orleans ' pre-storm population of 454,000 has returned .
Are you concerned that your city , your big city -- I mean there are other big cities , obviously , in Louisiana -- but are you concerned that New Orleans is going to become a forgotten , a lost city ?
Well , I think as we get the housing back up , we 're going to see people coming back every day .
Right now , every single day brings 50 to 100 new students enrolling in the school systems in New Orleans .
So we see there is an in migration trend .
And as people can find housing , they are coming home .
Our people basically are homesick .
And we 're working very hard to be able to get their homes back up and enable them to come home where they want to be .
Louisiana Governor Kathleen Blanco with us this morning .
Great to see you , Governor .
Congratulations on a great season for your Saints .
Thank you .
We are very proud of the Saints .
Hoo-dad !
Hoo-dad !
Thank you .
A controversial jailhouse talk -- Michael Devlin grants his first interview .
But his attorneys say their client was deceived .
We 'll talk about it ahead in THE NEWSROOM.
And what 's it like to run against Hillary Rodham Clinton ?
She 's a very disciplined campaigner .
She 's a very cautious campaigner .
She 'll be well briefed .
Tips for current political rivals from a past opponent .
That 's coming up in THE NEWSROOM.
Michael Devlin speaks -- the man charged with kidnapping two Missouri teens now tells snippets of his story .
CNN 's Rick Sanchez has more .
