So just how sick is Fidel Castro ?
Our chief medical correspondent , Dr. Sanjay Gupta , joining us now with some insight on all of this -- Sanjay , tell us the best that you can about what exactly is going on here .
Well , we 're hearing mixed things and it 's been a little bit difficult to piece together .
One of the surgeons that actually examined Fidel Castro from Spain saying he 's recovering fantastically well , but we are getting some new details over the past couple of hours of what exactly has happened to Fidel Castro .
There were some rumors that maybe this was cancer , maybe this was something else .
What we are hearing that appears to be at the heart of this is something known as diverticulitis .
Those are sort of these infections , sort of pouches of infections in the large intestine .
Sometimes they can rupture and they can cause an infection all through the abdominal cavity .
That 's called peritonitis .
The way to treat that is to actually move part of the intestine and try and connect the two parts .
Let me show you quickly , if I can , Heidi , on this model .
I 've got this model here .
Everything in blue is the large intestine .
Part of it is actually removed and a connection is made between part of the intestine and the lower part of the intestine .
What has happened , though , and is interesting , is that in those two more operations since then , basically because the operation failed .
Yes .
It leaked .
And you 've got more fluid actually spilling into the abdominal cavity .
That led to a second operation , as you can see there , reconstructive surgery to sort of connect that .
And then a third operation to clear out more of the fluid .
And let me just say really quickly , as well , despite all that , we 're just hearing that he is continuing to have a liter -- at least half a liter of protein liquid ions actually still leaking into his abdominal cavity today .
OK .
So those are toxic type fluids that you do n't want in other parts of your body ?
You do n't want it outside your intestine .
You want it within the intestine wall itself .
If it gets outside , it can cause a severe infection , which needs antibiotics , usually , I.V.
And he ca n't eat .
He 's taking ...
Well , that 's what I was just going to say , diverticulitis , you have to be very , very careful about what you eat because of the little perforations , right ?
And in his case he 's so sick that he ca n't even eat anything by mouth .
He 's getting it all intravenously right now while his intestine is given a chance to sort of heal .
Is there anything that doctors could have done previously , before it led to this second condition ?
Or could still do ?
It 's a great question .
And I talked to some of my friends who are general surgeons about this .
And one thing that they do sometimes -- excuse me , a little bit of throat congestion -- they actually sometimes will divert some of the intestine into a bag -- it 's called a colostomy bag -- so that actually the intestine gets a chance to heal , the abdominal cavity gets a chance to heal while that suture line is fixing itself .
