To that end , we have worked with the Appropriations Committee and the Intelligence Committee , and Mr. Obey is here to speak to this issue for a commission ...
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi holding a news conference .
She met with members of the 9/11 Commission today .
You may remember , right after 9/11 , Lee Hamilton and Congressman Tim Roemer came together with other members from the Hill and discussed certain recommendations that could be made to try and prevent another 9/11 .
From that commission came a tremendous piece of legislation with a lot of recommendations .
Some have been implemented , some have not .
A lot of them still weighing in the balance there .
Nancy Pelosi saying now it 's time to move forward and work to hammer out a number of those recommendations and get them in print and get them into action .
Talking about weapons of mass destruction , congressional oversight , and also dealing with the intelligence community and the communication among the intelligence community .
Of course , homeland security and a number of provisions that were recommended by that commission .
We 'll continue to follow it .
You can also go to cnn.com/pipeline if you want to follow that in its entirety .
And Kyra , all of this part of the 100 hours that the Democrats are proposing , especially Nancy Pelosi .
Let 's head off to Washington now , and Brianna Keilar .
You heard the speaker talking there what they are going to do , breaking this basically into teams , they say .
One for weapons of mass destruction , another for diplomacy , and so on and so on .
Reaction from Washington on this ?
You know , at this point we do n't have reaction .
But what 's interesting , Don , is that in the release from Democrats , talking about the proposals , these proposals from the 9/11 Commission that would be incorporated , the initial release , there was something conspicuously absent .
And that was actually something that Nancy Pelosi addressed .
That was the 9/11 Commission recommendation , what they considered one of their most important recommendations .
And that was increasing congressional oversight .
Centralizing oversight over homeland security operations and also over intelligence .
And what 's interesting there was you heard House Speaker Nancy Pelosi addressing that .
So perhaps maybe a last-minute change .
Now talking about a few of the things we 're going to be -- we 're expecting to be seeing tomorrow , when Democrats sort of push this , what they are calling the 100 -- first 100 hours of legislation through in six days over the next two weeks .
First , the funding to improve the communication system for first responders .
As you may recall , during 9/11 there were local , state and federal responders .
And it was very difficult for them to communicate and know what other agencies were doing .
Also , improved aviation security .
Better bag screening .
Better passenger screening .
And also , improved inspection of cargo containers coming from the largest overseas ports here to the United States -- Don .
Yes , absolutely .
All of this coming out .
But you know what ?
They were talking about 9/11 here , Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats , this press conference she just had .
But missing from the 100 hours is any talk about Iraq .
