See , I think we should begin by saying , what do we agree on ?
We all agree that status quo wo n't do .
We 've got to change the dynamics here .
Then the question is , how do you do that ?
A lot of people say , we want a different political situation , the economic situation , infrastructure 's not what it should be .
All right , the question is , how do you achieve that ?
I think you 've got to have people secure or feeling more secure in order to make the political and the economic progress that you seek .
So you 're going in with an open mind on both sides .
I want to see what the plan is .
I think it makes sense to wait .
I think a lot of people are anticipating everything the president may propose .
They may be surprised .
Do you have an open mind on what the president may say ?
I do n't know what he 'll say .
But what I know from the reports , looks like this has been done before .
And also , it totally contradicts what our generals on the ground said to us in Senate testimony to the Armed Services Committee in November , when General Abizaid said he checked with every single commander on the ground , and to a person , they did n't think it was right to escalate the presence of American troops .
But I do agree with Trent , and maybe I 'm reading too much into it .
But he says he wants to look at this .
And that 's what John Warner said .
John Warner is now the ranking member of Armed Services .
He says , look , it 's taken the president weeks and weeks to come up with this .
The Congress ought to have a chance to look at this .
And frankly , I 'd like to have a vote on this , you know , whether we want to escalate the number of troops in there .
My own view is , that 's the wrong way to go .
But we ought to have a vote .
I hope the president comes to us .
But when you say have a vote , he 's the commander in chief .
He makes these decisions .
You can decide whether to fund -- whether you can appropriate the money to pay for it , but as far as I know , you ca n't make that kind of a decision in the Congress .
You can have a sense in the Senate resolution .
That 's not my understanding .
It 's non-binding .
My belief is , the president 's coming to us .
He 's going to ask for billions and billions of dollars .
He 's going to send more of our people into harm 's way .
I think it would be best for the country if we got to vote on that surge or escalation .
And there 's nothing against that in the constitution .
We do have the power of the purse .
So you want to use that power of the purse ?
I want to use it in terms of whether or not we should fund this escalation if , in fact , that 's what the president does .
I think it 's an appropriate time -- and I believe John Warner has basically said this -- to come back to the Congress .
Let us take a look at this , as Trent says , and I think let us vote .
Let us vote .
