But the show 's creator emphasizes the themes in " Little Mosque " are n't specifically Muslim .
Please tell me I 'm adopted .
The show talks , you know , deals with relationships between people , between husbands and wives and their kids , between non-Muslims and Muslims .
It does a lot of things on a lot of different levels .
That 's the privilege of living in a country with freedom .
Freedom ?
To do what , fan the flames of hatred ?
Oh , is n't it Muslim preachers like yourself who do that , huh ?
I 've got news for you , Johnny Jihad .
Nawaz hopes her efforts will not only entertain , but educate .
Laughter is the best medicine when it comes to bridging the gaps between people .
I was joking .
Muslims around the world are known for their sense of humor .
I did not know that .
That was another joke .
Oh , oh .
What is that , some kind of signal ?
The show 's creators have taken into account Islamic religious sensibilities and believe they 've struck enough of a balance to avoid offense .
Brooke Anderson , CNN, Hollywood .
That 's going to be one funny show .
Rabbit 's feet , four leaf clovers -- we all have our good luck charms .
For the U.S. soldier patrolling unknown terrain , it 's the small things that carry you through the day .
Cal Perry talks with U.S. soldiers about the special extras that they carry into the field in Iraq .
Also , it 's the sex video that just apparently ca n't be stopped .
YouTube says it 's doing all it can , but a Brazilian judge says you need to do more .
And now , is what he says .
Plus , the Internet helps spread a new stunt .
Check this out .
Why police say it could backfire on the players .
All of this ahead , here in THE NEWSROOM.
Now in the news , Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al Maliki says his forces are ready to implement a new Baghdad security plan .
The announcement is short on specifics .
It comes days before President Bush is expected to unveil his new military strategy for Iraq .
The U.S. Army says it is sorry for inadvertently sending letters to deceased and wounded officers ' families .
The notes requested former officers consider returning to service .
The army says it mistakenly mailed the letters to 75 deceased and 200 wounded personnel .
Slain Denver Bronco cornerback Darrent Williams will be buried in his hometown of Ft .
Worth about 90 minutes from now .
The 24-year-old was killed in a drive-by shooting following a New Year 's Eve party .
Denver police say they plan to question a man being held on a parole violation about the shooting .
Well , better check your calendar .
Early January and golfers are already swinging away on green fairways ?
It 's just another sign of wacky winter weather .
But as warm as it 's been in the east , Denver still digging out of its third major snowfall .
Meteorologist Reynolds Wolf is just ahead with your weekend forecast .
It has definitely become more challenging .
I got here about the time that 9/11 happened , just after , and there was a flux of a lot of patriotic Americans that wanted to join , and then after -- after the time it 's dwindled down .
It changed a little bit .
OK ?
It became -- it began to get very challenging .
