-- and I 've had that happen myself one time , and I know , it does kind of like change -- I -- I think things change , though , once you have been mugged .
I mean , you know , my situation it was -- there was a gun involved , things like that .
It really --
Wow .
-- opened my eyes up , like , oh my God , you know ?
I had lived in the city my whole life and just never expected something like that to happen to me .
Did you feel like anything in your life changed after that happened ?
Uh , definitely .
Um --
Like , more cautious or did you feel --
Yeah .
-- a little more fur- fearful ?
Had you had any similar incidents prior to then ?
No, I -- I 've lived , uh , on the south side of Chicago for twenty years and ever since then , um , things have changed completely .
Um , I -- I fear for my personal safety , um , all the time , and I -- I carry , uh , a small thing of mace with me , which um , I -- I actually got to use on the second mugging , and that , um , you know , saved me .
I 'm so sorry to hear that .
I mean , I 'm glad that -- that , you know , you were able to react , but it -- I mean , to have it happen twice , that 's awful .
Were they totally unrelated incidents ?
Yeah , completely unrelated .
Yeah .
Do you work late at night , or is it , like -- was it something where you were travelling , um , on public transportation , or late , or in a -- you know , remote area --
Yeah .
-- or anything like that ?
Right .
Both of them were -- were late .
Um , and one was , um -- yeah , it 's become my worst nightmare as far as upsetting .
I 'd just gotten off a train , it was a train platform at ten o'clock at night and these two guys , uh , jumped me as I got out .
Oh , my goodness .
Um -- yeah .
Oh , boy .
Mine was a whole night work thing , you know , I was working an evening shift and , uh , got out of my car one evening and was coming home and out comes two guys from , like , behind another car with the gun , you know , wanting my purse and kinda just playing a little bit with my head , I think .
I do n't know that they actually wanted to injure me , but I was n't real sure , because my trunk was open .
I 'm thinking , are they gonna put me in the trunk , you know ?
You kinda go through that state of shock .
Mm .
Um , but it was probably -- one of those -- it felt like a TV -- like I was on TV .
I think I 'm just like , this is n't happening to me , you know ?
