By , like , people in the town and it 's ...
But I think it 's just the whole image .
" Yeah , I 'm gonna go and , like -- gonna do the same thing as I did as a kid and I 'm gonna be this multi millionaire and I 'm gonna take care of ya and I 'm not gonna have to need anything to fall back on " and --
Right .
-- so many kids , talented kids , but they do n't realize once they get senior year in high school -- there 's talented kids in thousands of schools cross the country .
Right .
And such a small percentage --
-- actually make it to --
Right , exactly .
-- to making any kind of life sustaining around money .
And I just think it should 've just stayed the clean old sport , the way it used to be , you know ?
Right , right .
And , um , sports would be [inaudible ] fun .
Be able to take your kids to a game on a Saturday afternoon to spend time together .
Mhm .
Right .
I --
Instead of it costing five hundred dollars for an afternoon at the ball park .
Right .
Exactly .
So ... how old are your kids ?
I only have one son and he 's , um , s - -- he 's almost six months old .
Oh , and so you 're just a young mom !
I 'm just a young mom , yeah .
He 's -- we 're not into that yet , but it 's -- his -- his generation turns into the little shits when they 're about , uh , nine now I think .
Oh , it can happen sooner too !
Yeah , yeah .
I tell ya , it 's like -- they -- my oldest is twenty nine --
Mhm .
-- and my youngest are twins , they 're eighteen .
Oh .
Uh-huh .
And , uh , just from that age spread there 's been a big difference , and now the kids coming up in the neighborhood , I ca n't believe it --
Right .
-- seven , eight years old smoking cigarettes down at the schools and --
Yeah , yeah .
-- kids getting pregnant in seventh and eighth grade .
Yeah !
It 's unreal .
Yeah .
It was even -- my sister 's only six years younger than I am and even -- in my class it would 've been unheard of , and there was a girl that was a year behind her in school at , like , seventh grade , she was , like , thirteen and fourteen and pregnant .
It 's like ...
Um , I do n't -- I do n't see how --
-- they can have -- where they -- where they find the time to be alone long enough for -- at age thirteen where are your parents , or some sort of adult supervision is around that long .
Well , violence too , you know , I think , uh , violence is --
-- bred by sports and every year the sports get more violent .
You see dirty plays or --
