If something were to happen .
And we have also the Air Force Academy here --
Yes , [inaudible] .
-- in Fort Carson .
So , we 've got a lot of military and it has affected a lot of people personally , you know .
Well , yes , it has .
So , um --
I think personally we should n't have -- or we should try not to make as many changes to our daily lives .
It 's what the terrorists are after , trying to make us scared and fear going out into the streets .
So , I 'm trying to not give them what they want .
Well , exactly .
But , y- are you more aware of your surroundings ?
Yes , I am .
And , shoot , I 've -- I think twice about wonder -- whether I wanna just drive somewhere , if it 's going cross country , or if I 'm gonna take a plane , I -- I 'm kinda cautious on that area .
Mhm .
I 'm not sure whether I 'm actually up to that because I was invited to go to Houston , Texas , um , like three weeks ago and I was like , um , no , I 'm not really up on flying right now .
Well -- well , I can understand that .
Um , we -- we flew at Christmas and --
Yeah .
-- it did n't bother me .
I figure , if it 's gonna happen , it 's gonna happen .
Um --
And you ca n't do much about it .
No, there 's nothing you can do about it because you could be anywhere with anybody doing anything and -- and something could happen , you know ?
Yeah .
The terrorists are ... they 're evil and they do n't care .
They [several inaudible words ] .
They have no regard for human life .
[inaudible ]
You know , look how they put the children in the front line over there .
Yeah .
[inaudible] .
And , that 's a sick thing !
[several inaudible words ] because where I 'm stationed at , we 're right in the middle of -- of a bunch of military things , I mean , we have Andrews Air Force Base --
Uh-huh .
-- well , that 's about fifteen minutes from my house .
That 's where they keep Air Force One and the President goes there on a regular basis .
Sure .
Um , and then Bowling Air Force Base , which is in DC , which is where they keep the President 's helicopter .
Mhm .
So , if they wanna make sure he 's not going anywhere , they 're gonna get those two places that are about fifteen minutes from my house .
Mhm .
Yeah .
So , you -- have you stockpiled any supplies , like water -- extra water and things like that , just in case ?
Well , my family 's always been -- they go and buying in bulk , so we had it .
But I think we went out and bought a little bit more since then .
Just to be on the safe side .
