I -- I imagine they did n't .
And then they , you know , you ca n't always have a perfect game , but I bet you better whenever Uday 's in charge .
Oh , my goodness .
But , yeah , he 's a tyrant .
I -- so , you 're -- you 're for the war , things going on over there ?
The what ?
You 're basically for the war , taking out Saddam ?
Oh , yeah .
Are you ?
Yeah , definitely .
I wanna get it done with .
I 've been --
Yeah , they --
I 've been saying for weeks --
They should 've done it twenty years ago .
Yeah .
I 've been saying , you know , for weeks and months since they started this , I wish they 'd hurry up and go and do it .
Because I think it was more stressful waiting and just waiting for Saddam to come over here and -- and , you know , have somebody do something to us .
That 's right .
Just sitting there waiting and waiting and giving him more time .
But the weapons that they 're using , my husband was telling me that they are so old .
He said they were back like World War Two weapons , the weapons and the helicopters and all that .
Their equipment they have is not up to date at all .
[inaudible ]
So , have you heard any more about the prisoners of war ?
Are they torturing 'em or do they really know ?
I -- so far , um , I do n't know .
I ca n't keep count of that right now because they 're saying , y- you know , Iraqi television is hollering that they have this many and we 're saying that 's not true and then we -- y- -- I know that they have some of ours , but , um , yeah , they 're supposedly , um , coming back on t- -- on television and saying that we are the ones that are violating the Geneva Convention .
Somehow , I do n't know how they 're getting it that we are violating it , but they said that they 're not , that we 're the ones that 's violating it .
When we take care of their prisoners and feed 'em and everything , and they kill ours .
Yeah .
Yeah .
And there 's good old France .
They say they -- I think they say they supply them with about forty percent of their weapons .
And then --
Russia right now is -- yeah , Russia 's big into , um -- it 's gonna be in big trouble , too , because they are supplying a lot of communication things that are blocking , like , our satellite , um , GPS signals and things like that .
Really ?
Yeah .
Russia is ?
Russia .
So , Russia --
That 's not good .
Russia , France , they 're all -- yeah , they 've all been selling to him .
Well , what 's the matter with them people ?
Who knows ?
They thought they would n't -- could n't happen to them , I guess .
I guess so .
