Yeah , about , ah , I guess five maybe .
Oh , really ?
Yeah .
Can you do more than three ?
Um , a day ?
No, I thought you could only do three total .
Oh , no , no , no , no .
I think , um , I think it 's maybe three a day , I 'm not sure .
Oh , okay , okay , all right , because this is my third .
This is only my third but I 've -- I 've actually had to call this time , I 've called all three of them .
Oh , really ?
Yeah .
No- nobody ever calls me .
Yeah .
There was one day where I think I received , like , four calls .
Oh , my gosh .
But , then -- since then it has n't -- it has n't been like that .
Yeah .
That was a lot .
Now , how many did you , um , or how did you find out about this place ?
Um , a friend of mine , um , just told me .
She 's involved with it , so ...
Yeah .
I was on , like , an on line forum type thing .
I , ah , was posted .
Okay .
Which is how I did but they 're -- they 're kind of fun .
Yeah .
I -- my last call actually was from a guy from Philly .
Okay .
So that was kinda -- kinda weird that , you know , of the -- as many states that two of my calls have been from Pennsylvania .
Yes , that 's a little strange .
I ca n't remember where the third one was from .
But it is hard to stay on topic I think for ten minutes .
Yeah .
Very hard .
And the other bizarre thing is my -- my girlfriend and I , we both signed up together and one of my calls -- actually all three of my calls were from there -- one of my calls was to her .
Now , what is the chance of that ?
Yeah , that seems to be --
We actually were both on -- we were both talking on the phone together and I got the beep in and it was them .
And , ah , when they put the other person on it was her and I was just like wow , we laughed half -- half the time .
[inaudible ]
We were , like , laughing .
But anyway , ah , I do n't really know what else to talk about the Middle East except that it was a good thing .
Yeah .
And , ah , you know , I do n't know .
Any other suggestions ?
Um , --
I do n't know what else they said .
I know they said , " Do you ever think there will be rest ? "
and , ah , I ca n't remember what they said at the beginning when they told us our topic .
Mhm .
But I do , ah , I do agree with it .
Yeah .
So what , um , what kind of work do you do in Lancaster ?
