Right .
You know .
Um You know --
Uh
We talk to my grandchildren , you know , when certain issues come up we talk to them , but we plug it into something that gives them a foundation , we do n't just throw a crazy idea out there that scares them to death .
My little three year old granddaughter is in a --in a daycare and , uh , they 're reading books about monsters .
She 's never learned about monsters at home .
Oh !
She 's terrified of monsters .
She sees monsters in closets , monsters in an empty dog kennel .
She sees monsters out -- under her bed .
She learned this in daycare .
Who gave them the right to bring up monsters ?
Why are n't they playing with baby dolls and tea sets and little toy trucks and things like that ?
Oh , poor kid .
Yeah .
I mean , she looks under her bed for shoes and there 's a monster .
Somebody needs to be making decisions based , uh , you know -- and that 's my daughter in law 's fault , you know , she should be checking out what they 're , um , uh , my son is a single parent , you know , but his wi - ex wife put her in this daycare .
Uh huh .
And she does n't check to see what they 're learning there , you know .
But Katy 's terrified .
Yeah .
And so I -- I believe that certain books should be censored .
I believe the parents should have a right to censor them , saying , " My child is not ready for this " or , " I do n't want my child exposed to this " .
Well , what grade do you believe maybe that should be lifted , that censorship ?
Or never ?
I think it depends on , you know , there are certain things , books , that my grandchildren see in , uh , in their private school , they go to a christian school , that public schools would n't allow , you know .
Right .
And so censorship , what 's right and wrong , is in the hands of those who have authority , you know .
Uh huh .
You have to have something that you base it on .
There 's a reason we 've got them in a private school because of what they 're learning in public school , and not learning .
My -- my second grade grandchild can read as good an eighth grader because she 's learning phonics .
Mhm .
You know .
But they 're not teaching that in public school , so -- I really believe , you know , the constitution places a child in the ri- in the hands of the parents , not in the hands of the teachers .
And I really believe that 's where it belongs and I believe the parents should have a right to see the curriculum , what books are gonna be used , what , uh , subject matter is gonna be brought up , you know , if it 's anything other than reading , writing and arithmetic , you know .
But I 'm coming from sixty years of parenting and grand parenting .
