I mean
-- what was this other -- the -- the Australian could n't forgive you ?
He did n't understand it , or what ?
Well , I did n't tell him for the longest time because , like , I blacked out .
I did n't even remember half of what happened --
Uh-huh .
-- like , you know ?
So , it was just like I could n't even say for sure .
And it took me a long time to even really --
Oh .
-- piece it together and figure it out .
Like , I did n't remember getting from point A to point B. How did we get home ?
I thought I drove .
" No , I took the keys away from you " .
" I do n't remember that , I drove" .
" No , you did n't " --
Wow , you were trashed .
I was .
And so , I mean , I do n't feel like it was really my -- totally my fault .
I mean , I was like so out of it .
But , there was some -- an indiscretion , you know , and I felt so horrible about it .
And I just got really bummed out and then , um , he could sense something was up .
Like , you know , people that know you really well -- you ca n't hide things , you ca n't keep secrets , you know ?
Right .
And he figured it out , and he figured something happened and I did n't even tell him , and he did n't even ask .
But , he just figured and , um , and then I told him nothing .
And I mean , I -- later I did admit something , but , he was just really hurt and he went up -- like , he ended up going back and -- well , he did n't go back because of that .
He went back because he could n't get a green card .
But --
Oh .
-- any hollie he ended up going home and then , you know , I -- later I told him and , like , yeah he 's totally not a very forgiving person and -- and I mean , it really broke --
Wow .
-- his heart , even though , you know --
Oh .
-- sometimes these things happen and , you know , it really broke his heart and -- I mean , I always felt really bad about that and , you know --
Did you ever talk to him again after that ?
Um --
About it or anything ?
-- I mean , yeah , we tried to kind of work it out --
Yeah .
-- and I think he just could n't let it go .
You know , and there were --
Mm .
-- some other issues and he got really passive aggressive after that .
He --
Mm .
-- changed and was --
Uh-huh .
-- acting really angry all the time and -- and it just was n't healthy anymore , you know , it just went down hill .
But , it all started because I totally was , like , did not set up a really strong boundary with my ex-boyfriend .
I thought , " Oh , yeah , I can just go out and be friends and talk to him and it 's be cool " and so , yeah , I mean , if there 's one thing I could go back and --
