-- just a fact , and it 's horrible , but it needs to be done , you know .
Yep.
And thank god for people in the military , that 's all I have to say .
Yep.
Yep.
It 's -- it 's a tough job , and it was tough for people to make the decisions , but , um , I 'm glad to see that the men and women did n't , you know , did nothing and say , " Well , we wanted the good out of military , we did n't plan on this , look , when this is over you all let us know and we 'll serve what time in jail we need to , we 'll talk to you later , bye . "
You know , I mean , that 's just not the way it is .
I know I missed out on pulling in the service because my brother was a Vietnam vet , and he told me , he said " Look , buck , the way it is is the way it is .
When I was over there , if you volunteered it was -- you were approached in one situation , and if you were drafted it was something else . "
Mm .
So when my age was rolling around , the draft was just stopping .
So I ended up missing military , and I think it 's one of the biggest mistakes in my life .
But because of that tragedy -- and , and it makes me feel so much better about what they 're doing nowadays , because nowadays instead of , " Well , I 'm , I 'm gonna sit on my hands , and if you tell me it 's all right I 'm gonna pull my fingers out one at a time " , and -- but you gonna control this , we 're not gonna -- the military 's really not gonna tell me what to do , I 'm going to let government , politics , and all this .
This time they 're doing it a lot different .
And I believe because of nine eleven it , it -- that 's the reason why they shook it up and they did everything like they did .
Mhm .
I 'm glad the economy has n't gone into a t- total tailspin from it , but , um , we have yet to see what 's going to happen about that .
I know .
Actually , I have noticed that an all round view -- I 'm in Massachusetts , that the gas prices are actually starting to go back down .
Oh , yeah , ours are too .
Um , I 'm in North Carolina , and ours -- the cheapest we got around are in the one thirties .
Oh , oh , my gosh , really ?
Yeah .
We 're in the one sixties .
Well hey , you know --
That 's the cheapest .
-- you 're getting there , we 'll see -- I mean , that 's just like when we were in the one forties , I could see on the news where they were talking about in California , they were in the two eighties .
Oh , I know .
That was like --
I remember I was watching the today show or something .
This woman had an SUV and she was pumping --
