Yeah .
I was trying to think of what I would do with it .
I probably would , like , uh pay my bills , I 'd pay my mom 's bills and I 'd pay my son 's bills and my brother 's bills .
Well , you 're nice .
Yeah , that 'd be the first thing I 'd do .
Get rid of the bills first .
Paying everybody 's bills .
Yeah -- oh yeah , I would do that 'cause I know , if they got it , they would do that for me .
That 's very thoughtful .
Family 's family , you know ?
And um , I of course , would have to give some to my friend that I was no longer gonna speak to .
That 's right .
The one you ca n't speak to but you can buy nice gifts for .
That 's true .
You could , like , yeah , you could -- hey yeah , you -- instead of splitting the money , you could just , you know , do gifts .
That 's right .
Now , that 's a good idea .
That 's a super good -- oh , that was good .
You could pick out thoughtful jewelry .
Oh , and she likes that too .
Well , see , so it 's perfect .
Yeah , yeah .
So , your best friend is perfect for this scenario .
Yeah .
She might actually be --
How 'bout yours ?
Is yours that good ?
Oh , I think she would understand .
Not as good ?
She 'd understand ?
I think if I paid off her car ...
Well , see .
...
Or you could buy her a new one or something .
That 's right .
Yeah .
That would be just like change or whatever .
Well , I guess that 's true .
It 's so funny .
I guess the whole magnitude would change .
Well , and you do n't usually think in those terms of a million dollars , you know ?
No, certainly not .
Um , but I think that we 're -- we 're supposed to be thinking about our friend , here , too .
Are you gonna change your mind or are you gonna keep it that way ?
I think I 'm gonna stay with the million dollars .
Yeah , yeah .
Because there 's just too many good things that you could do with it .
It would -- yeah , and any opportunity is really only gonna come along once .
And it -- well , yeah , if it ever did , that would only be one time , you 're right .
If it came along twice you 'd be really happy .
That 's right .
I 'm -- I 'm going ... yeah , especially if you got it multiple times and you had to give up multiple friends .
Yeah , that 'd be cool .
Would n't that be cool ?
Yeah , then all of a sudden , you 'd have no friends and you 'd have lots of money .
I think you have to have a balance 'cause it could be depressing to end up with no friends .
