Oh , really ?
' Cause Dallas is -- I think it 's like it 's a really busy airport and so like -- so that you have a lot of -- you have a lot of , uh , transfers and incoming flights more than , you know , more than , uh --
Mhm .
-- flights leaving so , I think -- I think -- I do n't know they -- they just make sure -- they just make sure that -- that -- I do n't know there 's -- I heard something that their -- the safety record is really bad Dallas Fort Worth , so I think they 've -- they 've really stepped it up .
So , but , yeah , Dallas is , I think , much worse than Houston .
Right , I -- I -- I do think they could be a lot , you know , check a lot better than they do , but then I guess we pay a bigger price again too .
Yeah , yeah , all these fares are going up .
I mean , I -- I remember I bought a ticket and it 's like nine dollars for nine eleven fee and it 's expensive .
Right .
Pretty -- so , it 's a pretty heavy tax right there .
So , I mean , if , I mean , I guess -- I do n't know where that money goes , so , I just hope it 's going in the right hands so , it 's just --
Well , they 're laying so many people off at North West I was -- you know , I do n't know if -- but then I suppose there are n't that many people flying like they used to be either .
Yeah , definitely .
Oh , I -- it 's -- it 's -- it 's pretty bad --
But I suppo- I suppose that nine dollars is going to pay for all this extra security , so --
Let 's just hope it does .
Yeah .
The government does n't always have the best track record in accounting --
And how do you -- how do you feel about the pilots now ?
They were showing last night on the TV here in Minnesota that -- uh , they were showing 'em how to , um , target shoot and carry guns and --
Well , I think , I , well -- from what I hear a good majority of the pilots are navy trained -- are from the navy .
Oh , they are .
So , yeah , that 's what it -- that 's w- it 's something -- it 's a really big number actually .
It 's -- it 's most of the pilots a - actually and so like -- I mean , I -- I mean they 've -- they 've had the training .
They 've -- they 've had the field tr- training in the navy or -- or airforce or something like that , so -- I mean , I can -- I can trust them .
I can trust the pilots , you know , they 're s - they 're soldiers , they 're ex soldiers , I guess , I mean if you want to call 'em that , but --
