Yeah .
I mean , I have flown -- I 've flown to Israel , um , before September eleventh and --
-- I -- I got checked .
But they checked everyone , you know ?
Yeah .
They 're -- they 're not going to take any -- they do n't take any chances with that type of thing , and that 's really , I mean , the reason -- not to sound like an advertisement for El Al , but they -- they are -- by far have the best security record of any airline around .
So ...
Yeah .
I mean , just because they -- they have to take that precaution so they do and it 's pretty --
-- it 's pretty impressive , and they have armed marshals on every flight .
It 's pretty -- I mean , once you get on that flight the -- you have to feel pretty secure 'cause they are intense about safety on [inaudible] .
So , they do n't trust anybody ?
No.
Everybody 's a suspect .
Exactly .
But you know what ?
Maybe it 's , uh -- maybe that 's the way it has to be , you know ?
Yeah .
That might be better here .
If that 's the way it was we might be --
Right .
-- m - safer .
Yeah .
I mean -- y- yeah , it 's tough to say like , it 's still -- I still do n't get all that concerned about airport security .
I mean , it sounds just like a stupid thing to say but -- but like , when you -- when you look at it from a broader scope it 's , uh , it 's still the safest m - you know , mode of travel .
Yeah .
The truth is that you have much more of a chance of dying just by getting in your car , if you get into an accident , than you do by getting on a plane , you know ?
That 's true .
Statistically like .
You know , so I -- I just feel like if you -- if you worry about , you know , these -- these isolated incidents that really are n't significant statistically then like --
-- you know , you might as well just not drive anywhere .
It 's --
-- I do n't know .
You ca n't really worry about everything .
Yeah .
That 's the way I feel at least .
That 's probably true .
It 's just that I 've never really -- but any time we go anywhere it 's within driving distance .
So --
Uh-huh .
-- I guess it 's just easier for us to drive .
Right .
Uh , well I --
No, I 'm not -- I 'm not saying you should n't drive anywhere .
But you know what I 'm saying ?
Yeah .
Oh , yeah .
Yeah .
I -- I realize that .
Right .
I mean , you know , I 've gotten --
-- I 've gotten into an accident driving and that was by far one of the scariest things in my life .
So , who knows ?
You know , ca n't --
