Yeah , you do , and -- and , um , I was actually living in Africa when it happened so it was --
Oh .
-- strange because the impact was a little less for --
Yeah .
It was still a big impact but it was all , um , I did n't have very much access to TV so --
Right .
I could n't see --
Uh-huh .
-- what was happening .
It was more , ah , --
Yeah .
-- BBC news coverage but then I came home about , ah , two months after -- after it happened and every -- everywhere I went there were flags .
Oh , yeah .
American flags on cars .
Probably looked different , yeah .
Yeah , and that -- that -- that made -- I saw the -- started seeing the flags in a different way .
Mhm .
And when I saw that , it -- it -- it was very moving .
Well , it brought people all kind of together here in a different sense .
Maybe where people were more , oh , you know , would n't look at you twice normally or more -- everybody to themselves and I 'm going about my business and made people , you know , camaraderie there where everybody was a little more , you know --
Yeah .
-- friendlier like , ah , but , you know , like , if you had to fly home then a couple of months after that , that was kind of scary for the first time or ?
Yeah , it was -- yeah , that was definitely a little more scary than usual --
Mhm .
-- for me .
Um , but -- but now with -- now as -- the way I see all those flags around --
Mhm .
-- has changed since then , um , because they -- they 've been , um , like my bank , um , had -- the , ah , bank card that I -- that I got when I moved , um , to Philadelphia had , um , has a American flag on it and that makes me -- does n't give me -- give me the same feeling as it did when I saw all the flags when I came home because it 's clear a American flag on a Visa card is a much different message and that I do n't [inaudible ] um , so some- sometimes I feel like that it has been used too much .
Well , I know what you mean .
There are some of the ones you mean like businesses are taking advantage of throwing , um , how would you say it , what 's happened or an emblem of it into their buy -- buy -- making it their slogan .
Yeah .
Rather than the genuine - genuineness of what it was , yeah .
Yeah .
Yeah .
It 's a misuse of the flag .
Yeah , that 's kind of -- yeah , like I say , it 's just like they say , even -- I do n't know , I do n't know how true it is but Pepsi had a -- somebody had passed on the internet there that , " Oh , they 're coming out with a kind of an American type Pepsi can and they 're going to have the Pledge of Allegiance on it " but not to , um , to offend their employees they were going to have the Pledge of Allegiance on it but take out the words " under God " .
