Did it take you long to do that one ?
Uh , it took me -- I did a lot of reading and studying and then , uh , I had a cousin of mine that came up and did a lot of the physical work .
I directed him in how to do it .
And , uh , I built , like , a timber twenty deck off my back of my house and then you went up a couple of steps and then I built a deck --
-- around an above ground pool .
Wow .
And , uh , that -- I just did a lot of -- I got an estimate and it was just , uh , something I could n't afford --
-- uh , to have what I wanted , and I paid my cousin by the hour as a laborer .
Okay .
Uh , you know , and he took -- he -- he dug the holes , you know .
Uh , to post -- put the posts in .
But , um , and then he took -- we worked really well together .
He took direction from me and , uh , just make -- on the fence just make sure the posts are level , just slap a level up alongside of the post and make sure they 're level .
And put 'em about , like , eighteen inches in the ground and --
That was a good hobby at the time that paid off .
Yeah .
To build the deck .
Yeah , it paid off a lot .
Yeah .
So , do you -- you enjoy it much ?
You get to enjoy it much ?
Um , later -- yeah , I did .
I loved it and I had my above ground pool and everything , but then I , um , sold the house and moved to Kentucky .
Oh .
Okay .
Uh , so , uh --
So , what hobbies could you pick up in Kentucky ?
Ah , oh , play with the dogs .
I love dogs .
Yeah .
Do you have any animals ?
A hamster .
A hamster .
Okay .
They look a little bit too much like a mouse .
Yeah , but my uncle -- my -- my brother brought it home for my daughter , but with -- with having kids it 's --
-- you know , do n't wanna be running around --
Yeah .
-- with the pets right now .
Well , that 's what -- that 's what [inaudible] .
I 've got , um , two goldens and a beagle .
Oh , okay .
Takes up an awful lot of my time .
Yeah .
I love it , too , though .
Yeah .
Do you ever breed 'em ?
No. Um , --
Just home pets ?
Just home pets , yeah .
I think maybe eventually I might , uh , get into , uh , kind of raising goldens 'cause there 's some money to be made , and then enjoy 'em , too .
But I do n't know .
I figure I -- if I bred 'em I 'd never let 'em go .
