Yeah .
-- seem to be blowing the whistle on him and said , " He 's here in our restaurant or he 's here at a meeting " and they were calling in air strikes .
So , I mean , it 's hard to belie- -- but they must have these tunnels that are , you know --
Right , yeah .
-- pretty impregnable .
Oh , yeah , yeah , that 's true , yeah .
How about you , Chris , do you think he 's -- he 's escaped or he 's in Ira - -- I mean , in Syria or ... ?
I think he 's --
Or are we just looking at his doubles ?
Yeah .
I think he 's -- I think he 's still around over there though .
Yeah .
And , ah --
I --
-- he 's pro- -- well , like you said , he 's got a lot of doubles and ...
Yeah .
-- they said a look alikes .
Yes , yeah .
Well , it 's interesting .
I think I just heard today that they -- ah , someone , some Iraqis were telling our government that , um , just a few days before the war started they were burying or -- or getting rid of the -- the so called weapons of mass destruction .
Uh-huh .
And , ah -- 'cause , you know , I -- I mean , certainly I think we have got to find something there , do n't you think ?
I mean , we 're --
Oh , yeah .
-- going to look like --
I agree with you , yeah .
Yeah .
Yeah , that 's true , yeah .
And , um -- and -- and it seems like a lot of countries felt that they had them there and cer- -- I me- -- and I think we knew we had some of them because we gave them some of them --
Right , yeah .
Right , that 's true .
-- ourselves .
Yeah , ourselves .
Yeah , that 's true .
Yeah .
Yeah .
Yeah .
So , I mean , I do n't know .
I just think , um , I -- I do n't know whether or not they 're going to find them but that -- that would -- would help our -- I think in the world it might help us .
But it 's -- it 's a tough area of the world .
I do think it is going to be very difficult .
How long are we still in Korea ?
Right , yeah , exactly .
My God .
When you think about that , you think that 's fifty years old and we 're still in Korea .
Are we ever going to leave that country ?
Yeah , that 's true .
Yeah , you 're right .
And that 's still a problem .
That 's going to be a bigger problem .
Yeah , that 's true there .
Yeah , that 's going to be a bigger problem .
But all these other countries , they must be -- like Syria , I thought they must be quaking in their boots .
Yeah , that 's true .
I would n't want to be in their position .
All of a sudden they 're in this line of fire I think , so ...
