Not any .
Yeah .
My husband and I were sitting here the other day and we had this little footstool and all of a sudden , we see these little blue eyes peeking over the footstool --
-- he was pulling , up , you know and --
Oh !
-- it was just -- it looked like , I did it !
Look at me !
Ooh ! Oh my gosh !
So ... .
Being a grandparent is something else , let me tell you what .
I understand now why they said you would rather have your grandchildren first than kids --
.
Because grandkids are -- you 're just so totally different with them .
I mean , it 's just --
I 'm just starting to see that , you know .
I 'm just -- just starting to see that .
Yeah .
So ...
But no , I would n't trade money for Steph or her kids .
Her kids ... she has four children .
She has a fourteen year old , a twelve year old , a nine year old and a seven year old .
[inaudible ]
Yeah .
That 's a handful .
Yeah , yeah .
I ca n't -- I 've now -- I do n't know if anyone asks but I 'd surely take them both !
Yeah .
No kidding !
Now , if they wanted to say that , I 'd say , " Yeah " --
-- and I would even share it with Stephanie if I had to do that , you know ?
Would n't that be -- you know , that 's -- that 's -- that 's what I 've always thought .
If I , you know , won any amount of money , the first -- I mean -- and this sounds awful but I would take care of my friend before --
-- I would take care of my family .
Like , she just comes first .
Yeah , yeah .
She 's just --
Because I know how she struggles , you know --
Yeah .
-- she 's just now had to get a job and stuff because they just needed her to work again and uh ... it 's the first time she 's worked ... oh , my gosh ... in probably like , twelve years and so --
That 's exactly where I 'm at .
You know , so ... she really could use some .
In fact , last night we were talking on the computer and she said , " You know , the lord 's really good because he 's watched over us because .. . " she said , " If I was n't working right now , Jody " she goes , " We just would n't make it " .
Yeah
And uh , but , you know ...
Oh ...
So , I know that she needs it as much as ... probably more than I do if you , you know , want to be honest about it , but --
Yeah .
-- but uh ... but yeah ...
Oh ... this is kind of a unique scenario .
Yeah .
Okay .
Would you take a million -- no , not after even talking to a stranger , I would not take a million dollars .
No, it just --
