Well , since nine eleven , let 's see last October , Texas was hit by a bunch of tornadoes .
Oh , wow .
We were one of the lucky few that -- our house is not totally destroyed but made unlivable .
Wow .
Our ceilings caved in , we had an electric fire which made our house to where we did n't have any electricity at all and it 's just been a hectic couple of years .
Yeah .
You want it out .
I 'm sorry , my daughter .
That 's all right .
You have any children ?
Oh , I do n't actually have any children currently .
Planning on children but do n't have any right now .
How old are you ?
I 'm actually thirty six .
Thirty six ?
Yeah .
I 'm thirty two .
Uh , so --
And so , um , your friend , Carey , they work for M.S.N.B.C. ?
Yep.
Did they cover any of the stories or ... ?
Uh , she -- to my recollection she did n't , you know , she did write an article but it was n't -- it was n't directly related to what nine ele - -- it was more like the aftermath of nine eleven .
But , um , I do n't know actually -- I do n't know the answer to that because I was so overwhelmed and I was actually also working on a site that was covering the news and so I was caught up in my own world .
Um , she has done some stories about the current crisis and the current war with Iraq .
Oh .
Uh --
Do n't get me started .
Oh , yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah .
Yeah , I mean , it 's amazing , you know , how everyone 's in sync , you know , and even states that generally disagree , tend to agree .
You know , it 's kinda interesting to see --
Yeah , it --
Yeah .
Yeah , do n't get me started on that subject .
I do n't think they wanna hear .
I do n't know -- I mean I 'd be curious .
I -- actually my boyfriend started a political discussion list , um , which has got -- you know , it started off because there were members of my family and my extended family who , um , just disagree rather , you know , passionately on a political level , that had -- we had this email chain going around to the family and I see these -- I 've been seeing these for years and I usually do n't have time to read them because they 're just overwhelming .
Um , and they 're twenty pages each so I just -- I do n't have time , you know --
Right .
Uh , and so I did respond to something one of my -- my uncle said and , uh , he responded by , you know , kinda sending a flame mail back at me and saying something , you know , being angry at me .
And I did n't say anything -- I said something very nonchalant and not particularly political so I was kinda surprised that he had that response but , in any case , my boyfriend responded to him and then that started a big email thread back and forth and then he -- he started this political discussion list and then he included some of our friends and some of his extended family .
And it 's turned into this very large thing .
