The leather shirts and --
-- they 'd , you know , kick back some of their millions that they 're getting every year and ... and it 's even more disgusting , they get all that money and then they go on strike .
What are they striking for ?
Now , I see -- I 'm glad I do n't follow baseball that close to where those strikes really affect me --
-- like -- like -- like personally .
Yeah , it 's --
But some of that stuff is outrageous !
Yeah .
There 's nothing that , you know , can chap me faster than listening to them , " Oh , yeah , well , you know , I gotta a -- a two year contract for fifteen million but , you know , I 'm gonna go on strike 'cause I 'm not getting enough money " .
Please !
And then some of 'em want -- want the , um -- the strike -- but they k - do n't want the strike -- but they ca n't not strike because they have to support the team .
So , either way you -- I do n't know --
Yeah .
Mm , mm , mm , mm , mm .
I do n't know , I think --
And then if it ai n't -- then there is the concession people .
If it ai n't the concession people it 's the -- it 's the owners , or it 's somebody -- some kinda support system with the baseball folk .
So ...
Yeah .
I mean , who can --
-- afford five bucks for a hotdog ?
Shoot !
It 's probably seven to ten dollars , you know ?
Yeah .
And that 's just a hotdog .
Now , if you go -- that 's for one person .
But you 've got your daughter and you 've got your son , your kids , uh , w- whoever , and your --
Yeah .
-- the -- the parents .
Yeah .
And , you know , you 've got to buy --
You 've gotta park .
You 've [several inaudible words ] .
You 've gotta get there .
Man ! You 've to plan , you b - -- you 've got to plan this like a military thing , you know ?
Yeah , for four --
We 've gonna enlist --
-- for four people to go to a professional --
Yeah .
-- game of any kind it 's gonna cost ya two hundred bucks .
That 's right .
You need to have two hundred .
That 's right .
And then you gotta leave early , you gotta fight crowds and duh duh duh duh duh .
But , I mean , those things are okay , but it 's just the idea the prices are so high and it -- it -- it cuts out a certain segment of the population , you either -- you just wo n't be able to go , it 's just that simple .
Yeah .
Or you go once in twenty years .
Personally I do n't --
Absolutely[ ?] .
-- follow the stuff that close to even go .
I might watch golf , boxing , and stuff like that on TV , but as far as , you know ...
