And I 'm going where did he get that from , where did he get that from ?
And my daughter was like , " Well , Mom , I guess she -- he got it 'cause we always say let 's got to grandma 's house " .
That 's -- so , you see , you 're grandma 's house , right ?
I 'm Grandma House .
Hi , Grandma 's house .
Yes , but it 's so sweet to hear him call me that .
I feel like , " Okay" .
Mm , mm .
Yeah .
Do you have kids .
Oh , yeah .
Mine are -- are eight and ten so they 're kinda of in that getting older stage , two girls .
Oh , good , good , good .
Yeah .
My younger one -- you talk about what they call they 're grandmas , my younger one calls her -- her grandmother , Gram Cracker --
-- because -- because when we went over there , uh , my mother always used to give them chocolate gram crackers , right ?
Okay , okay .
So , she just started calling her Gram Cracker and it stuck .
I mean she still calls her Gram Cracker .
How cute .
Is n't that funny ?
Yeah .
That is so funny .
I tell you --
Kids are -- kids are cute though .
And her grandmother just loves to hear her called that .
Oh , yeah .
Oh yeah .
That 's so cute .
But my two -- let me see , mine -- like I say mine is pretty grown -- they grown -- pretty grown but they 're like twenty four --
Yeah .
-- and twenty one .
Uh-huh .
So , that 's pretty old .
Yeah .
Mhm , one in college and one married and , like I say , got the two grandkids .
How nice though , yeah .
Mm .
At least you 've gotten through all those teen years , huh ?
I -- I have that --
-- to look forward to right now .
You 've got something to look forward to .
Oh , yeah .
Just -- just pray a lot .
Just pray .
Yes , I do a lot of that .
Just pray , just put God first , please .
That -- that 's right , that 's what we do .
Yes , yes , yes and it will get you through 'cause I tell you each one of them gonna go through it four years at a time .
Mm .
And it seems like you start when you 're twelve and it ends when they 're like eighteen .
Uh-huh .
Well , that would n't be too bad , if I could be sure that it was gonna end at some point , you know .
And --
It 's gonna end at eighteen .
-- and everything was gonna turn around and --
Uh-huh .
-- everybody would be okay .
I think that 's what you worry about .
Mhm .
That they 're not going to be okay when it 's all done with , you know .
