You do n't read , ah ha !
Stupid !
I always read the small -- the smi- -- the ... I 'm sorry , I always read the small print .
Oh , I u- -- I do .
The thing is , I signed up for this over a month and a half ago and so much has happened between now and then , you know ?
I -- and I signed up for a lot of different uh survey setups so I -- I was n't sure which ones had which setups on 'em any more .
And I -- the only info I could find on the email was , you know , how to -- how the calls would work .
Did n't -- did n't actually say anything about the parameters .
Nope .
So , you do a lot of surveys by mail , huh ?
Yeah .
I -- I 've uh found it 's a good way to pick up spare cash in my free time .
I 've been signing up but I tell you what ?
All 's I 'm getting is a chance to win this or a chance to win that , no cash really .
There 's a site on the web --
Not going into the right ones , I guess .
-- where -- there 's a site on the web somewhere that lists them all and you go through them and maybe one out of ten or maybe one out of twenty actually pays per survey .
I see .
You do n't have to pay any money out to get on any of 'em ?
None of the reputable ones .
I do n't bother with the ones that try and -- try and scam ya out of --
Right .
and as I told my mum when I was looking for this stuff , if anybody asks you for an upfront fee for you to work for them , it 's a scam .
I mean , it may not be but the odds are that it is .
Okay .
Back to the subject .
Right .
So , if you did take that , how do you feel it would affect you in the long run ?
In the long run ?
Actually , probably not too much because , I mean , he 's a - -- actually about to move away anyways .
We 're both uh going our separate ways in a year or two , so it would just mean parting about a year -- year and half earlier .
Mhm .
So , in the long run , it would n't affect me but still , you know , never even to be able to just drop -- drop him a phone call , you know ?
I do n't know .
Again , like I say , it depends on the details .
The details are important and we -- you never get details in a hypothetical .
It 's always so black and white .
Mhm .
Well , I would think that maybe you could n't talk to 'em personally but you could have a go between , you know ?
Talk for ya , back and forth then you would n't be breaking the rules .
