I -- but then I just -- I do n't necessarily agree with alternatives either .
Yeah .
[inaudible] .
My brother and sister in law live in Southern California in a San Diego area and they have a -- a -- what some -- a kid in six - -- ah , third grade and one in sixth grade and they complain about the amount of homework that they get .
That the kids come home from school and they -- if they 're in a sport and they have to go and they practice but then they 've got like an hour or an hour and a half worth of homework and they 're saying that they think that 's too much .
And I -- that -- I think when I was going to school , I do n't recall having that much homework , um --
Mm .
-- and -- you know , but it seems to me for a three year old to come home and have an hours worth of homework seems like an awful lot and the --
Yeah .
-- and the parents are saying that , you know , they have to sit down and a lot of it -- it 's homework where they -- they want the -- the kids -- their instructions for the kid are , you know , " Sit with your parent and drill on this subject " or " You work with your parent and do this particular project " and that does n't seem fair to the parent .
No. It 's not .
It 's not .
And it also -- yeah , it also seems overwhelming to the child .
What are you learning and what are they teaching in schools now a - about how much homework you should give children in a --
Yeah .
-- public schools ?
Right .
What are you learning about that ?
Because I , um -- I 'm going back into the schools now --
Mhm .
-- because -- because of , ah , student teaching and things like that --
Mhm .
-- and I just -- I see that the kids today are getting so much more homework than I remember even getting and I have - -- you know , I just came out of school .
Yeah .
And how did the kid- -- how do the schools justify that ?
I mean , do they think that that 's -- is it because they 're not spending time in class , because they 're spending time on these touch feely things or why are n't they doing the stuff in the school setting ?
I -- yeah , I do n't know .
I do n't think schools actually justify it , you know --
[inaudible] .
-- what I -- like I do n't think they need to give a reason like --
Yeah .
-- this is better learning , they 're doing more work .
But also , kids have so many standardized tests now .
Yeah , that 's the -- yeah .
That they -- and I mean that 's the -- that 's another problem with like too must testing --
