I do n't like the step thing , though , you know like the aerobics stuff ?
Yeah .
I do n't like that too much .
I like just the regular floor aerobics .
Mhm .
Like that .
I like them .
Have you ever tried spinning ?
No.
I have n't -- I have n't worked up the nerve to do that yet .
It looks really hard .
And sometimes , like , you know , that magazine , fitness magazine ?
Mhm .
Like , sometimes I 'll do some of the things that are in there --
Oh .
-- because sometimes they have , like , a page of just the exercises that you can try to do for whatever , you know , your legs --
Mhm .
-- or your stomach or whatever .
Mm .
Sometimes I like them .
I like to , like , make my own routine and I just like put on the music sometimes --
Mhm .
-- and then I 'll do my own thing , like , with the bicep curls or , you know ?
Yeah .
And the calf raises .
The what ?
You ever do them , the calf raises ?
You can do them just , like , around your house , like , you do n't have to have a machine or anything .
Ahah .
And you can just , like , hold onto , like , if you have a tall dresser or whatever --
Mhm .
-- or the back of a chair and you just , like , lift up on your toes .
Oh , okay , okay .
You know what I 'm talking about ?
I know what you 're talking about now --
[inaudible ]
-- ahah .
But you can feel them after like ten min .
You 're like , " Whoa" .
And the one I said , it 's , like , " Do , like , eighty of them " and I 'm , like , " Oh , my God " .
Golly .
But I do them to , like , music , so --
Mhm .
[inaudible ] -- like , the time passes by real fast .
Mhm .
See , I have to work on my legs , that 's what I want to work on and my stomach , but not until after the baby .
Mhm .
You ca n't really do anything , I do n't think , when you 're [inaudible] .
No.
I -- I know the --
I wo n't even try it .
Yes , I know the limit .
You know , like , I 'll do -- I 'll do like bicep curls or something --
Mhm .
-- but I do n't want to try anything with my stomach .
Some of our friends that are pregnant go to the water aerobics .
Oh , yeah , I heard of those .
That 's just -- that 's just really cool because then you do n't even feel pregnant --
Mhm .
-- because you 're , like , weightless .
Mhm .
They say by the time you 're done it 's -- you 're pretty much like you 're playing around in the water , but when you 're done , you 're actually tired --
