Mhm .
You know ?
H- h - he got -- he has a doctorate degree and , um , he 'll probably stay here , where he 's -- where he 's at .
Mhm .
And so I have to always travel a long distance -- I 'm twelve hundred miles from where I grew up .
Oh my !
So -- I grew up in Wyoming .
And I --
North western Wyoming .
And I think it 's hard just being two hours away , 'cause my family is really close --
Oh , I know that --
-- and there 's eleven of us , so
I would love to live two hours from family --
-- that would be wonderful .
Yeah .
And so , you know , I 'm the only one -- well , myself and I 've got two other , um , siblings that do n't live there , but all the rest of 'em , you know , they -- well , I 'll go home and they 're always doing something together , you know , bringing all of their families .
And so you -- you miss that .
I miss that aspect of it .
And -- and not being readily accessible and them not being readily accessible to me .
Yeah .
One -- one great thing is , our family reunions on both sides are usually in the same state .
Oh .
And lots of times we can coordinate 'em and because of where they , um , where relatives live and everything , when we go on our trips , we can usually see family on -- on my husband 's side and my side , and two different years we were able to do two family reunions , one on his side and one on my side , the same , um , week .
That 's great .
And it worked out .
And -- and this year we 're doing the same thing , we 're going to a camping reunion up in Utah --
Mhm .
-- in the beautiful mountains up there .
And -- and then we 've got my mother 's seventieth birthday re - um , party .
[inaudible] .
And it 's actually -- the r- the day we stop the reunion we start the party for my mother !
Oh , cool .
So we 're doing it all -- and it 's about the same area .
Cool .
And it 's usually kind of a central area to --
Mhm .
-- but we have to drive , oh , you know , five hundred -- about five hundred , six -- six hundred miles , to get up there .
But my mother lives , um , four hundred miles away , so we usually stay with her --
Wow .
-- even if we 're going up to the reunions on the -- my husband 's --
Mhm .
-- side of the family .
Mhm .
And we 're [several inaudible words ] so , my husband gets twenty one days off but he does n't usually take that many --
Oh .
-- he ca n't afford to take that many .
