Yeah , yeah , that 's true .
I do n't know .
But that 's just my opinion .
I mean , it would definitely be nice .
Yeah .
I mean , if somebody gave me the money I would n't be like , oh no , I 'm sorry I ca n't take --
No, I do n't need it .
But it 's like to actually go out on strike and stuff , I do n't know .
Yeah .
It 's , like , so many people that , you know , do n't have anything and then you are , like , -- it -- it just seems a little greedy .
Right , when -- yeah , I 've thought that a lot .
Yeah .
Yeah , I do n't know , I have n't heard of anything recently though .
I have n't either .
So , I do n't know , maybe it 's just , like , --
I guess people just --
-- a couple of months -- a few months ago or something .
People do n't really ca - -- ca n't really do anything about it .
Sometimes they just kind of go along with it I guess .
Yeah , and it 's , like , who -- who exactly are paying them .
How are they getting paid except by --
I do n't know .
You know , it 's almost [inaudible] , like , a corporation , does n't it .
It 's not the government , is it ?
I do n't know .
Maybe it 's just all sponsors .
That would be really sad if the government was paying for it because I personally think the government can pay for more --
Oh , I know .
-- things that actually need the money .
Exactly , I know .
And , like , in -- in -- even especially right now because , like , you know , we are already so messed up with our -- with our being in debt and then the war is just going to put on --
Right .
-- so much more , you know , it 's , like , the last thing that we need is to --
Spend money on something that 's more of entertainment .
Yeah .
Yeah , America is so entertainment based --
Yeah .
-- it really is .
Then there 's like -- like , another thing I noticed in -- in Europe in comparison is , um , most of their museums are free .
Oh , really ?
To get into , yeah .
And like I live in -- I do live in Chicago , I live in Chicago .
Ahah .
I live in Oklahoma .
Oh , Oklahoma , okay .
Yeah .
I live in Chicago and -- and it 's like , um , -- it could be like ten to fifteen dollars to get into a museum and then it costs like eons of money to park and a whole bunch --
Right .
-- of money to eat there and everything else .
It 's just , like , all about the money , it 's nothing about the experience --
Yeah .
-- on what it could be like or anything .
Yeah , exactly .
So , like , you -- you know , you kind of lose base with -- lose touch with -- like , you go in there to see the artwork and -- and see it as art .
Everything turns into , like , another entertainment and , like , you know , --
