Exactly .
And I was , uh , I was ... actually warmed --
-- by how much everybody helped everybody in New York --
Yeah .
-- when this thing was happening .
And so many heroes and -- and I -- I think about the firemen and the policemen and all --
-- the people who were there at Ground Zero day after day , sifting through that for bones and people and --
Yeah .
-- uh , and the toll that it 's just taken on -- on all those people in that city .
Um --
Yeah .
-- um , my heart just goes still out to all of them .
And --
Yeah .
But I -- now , on the positive side of what nine eleven has done , I think it 's made us appreciate ... the good things that we do have and that when we 're put under the thumb , we will band together and --
Yeah .
-- become quite , quite , uh , fierce , you know ?
Um , I -- I -- I hope they can eventually work out some system .
I mean , there 's no way to protect us a hundred percent .
Oh no .
Definitely not .
That 's not gonna happen .
And -- but I think they 're -- I think they 're trying to do all that they can think of doing --
Yeah .
-- to protect us .
I do n't know how successful they 're being .
Um ...
Yeah .
I 'm not so sure about the guns in the cockpit thing .
Because , I mean , --
Oh , that --
-- these are -- these are trained -- trained killers .
That 's what they do .
They 're -- what they 're doing is train- -- giving these guys these courses that train them of how to fight off an attack from someone that 's trying to hijack the plane or to blow the plane up , and showing 'em kung fu moves and all --
-- that stuff .
And -- and my thought is , well , what if the gun goes off and it depressurizes the plane and -- I do n't know , I just -- I ca n't imagine all of our -- well , all of my life I 've always heard , " No , you do n't have a gun in a plane --"
Yeah .
Because that is so dangerous" .
So , it really goes against everything that I 've ever heard .
But now they 're gonna have guns .
And they said the thing is , it 's only gonna be forty six guys right now , or women , there was a woman on there too .
Mhm .
So you 're not gonna know what plane you 're flying , if that pilot has the gun .
Yeah , well --
' Cause there 's only gonna be forty six in the whole thing for right now .
Yeah .
The only thing is --
-- they 're coming up against terrorists , you know , and these terrorists , they 're tr- -- a pilot who is not used to -- to killing people --
