-- try and figure out where everybody was .
So , for -- for me it 's sort of like --
-- you know , it 's sort of like I look at it before and after because my outlook just on , you know , that -- you know , everything is not always -- you 're going to be as peaceful as it was before .
Yeah .
Just sort of really -- you know , dramatically changed because --
It is a -- it is an eye opener .
Yeah .
I mean up until -- up until that point , you know , I would never -- I would n't think twice about , you know , flying for one or , you know -- I mean who would -- nobody would think that people would fly planes into , you know , buildings .
I mean I just --
Right , yeah .
-- who -- who would have ever thought that .
Yeah .
You know , but it just -- it just forces you to look at things differently now and , you know , I think -- I think in addition to being patriotic just to -- to like value , uh , you know , relationships you have with people and --
Did it make you -- did n't it make you realize just how much those people hate us ?
What from other countries ?
Yeah , the terrorists , the ones that --
Yeah but -- and I -- and I think the thing is like , I mean , for me it seems like that what -- what they hate us for is like , you know , our biggest strength , you know .
Yeah .
Like because we 're free and that 's what we value so much is what the other countries , you know , hate us for so it 's like you -- you can hav- -- it 's hard to like to have all the freedoms we have and not , you know , be targeted and , you know , it 's sort of like -- seems like it 's a price sometime for being as free as we are that other people are gonna wanna , you know , do stuff or whatever .
But we welcome 'em to come here and be free with us .
Yeah .
I mean , you know , I mean I 'm sort of , uh , you know , obviously everything that happened was horrible but at the same time I sort of -- I sort of cringe when there 's a lot of , you know , crack downs on civil liberties and , you know , just -- you know , it 's like -- it 's just a personal thing of how much you 're willing to give up to feel safe , you know .
Mhm .
I mean some people think , um , you know , something is going too far while , you know , others would rather , you know , have that and feel safer , you know , just like -- it 's a tough line to cross as far as , you know , what they 're doing with , you know , ashcroft and all that .
You know , well , is it really protecting us or is it making people more fearful ?
It 's -- it 's , uh , it 's tough , you know , to decide .
