Unfortunately , there 's not enough of us to go around , so there -- you know , I mean the -- there 's still quite a bit of work out there .
You work full time or ... ?
Um , I work for the agency so pretty much full time .
I -- what I like about it is I set my own hours .
That sounds pretty good .
Yeah , and so I call them up and say I can work these weeks and I ca n't work this week or that week because I 'm going to be gone , and so that works really nice .
Yeah , there 's flexibility .
Yeah --
I guess if you 're in demand you 're --
I really like that --
You can do what you want .
You know , it -- as long as I get enough hours in to pay the bills , that 's pretty much it .
Y - you could do qualify for retirement that way ?
The [inaudible] .
Um , there 's not really any retirement -- would 've -- but there 's not too much healt- retirement plans in the healthcare system period .
Mm .
Um , the benefits are n't really that great unless you get into a really good fulltime job .
Um , I 'm going to have to work on that but right now I 'm enjoying the flexibility and being able to go where I want to go and do what I want to do .
Sounds like [inaudible ] -- what part of Oregon do you live in ?
Um , just outside of Portland .
If I -- I suppose you fly[ ? ] into Portland if I visited .
Um , it 's left .
Out towards the coast .
Mm .
It 's about , ah , thirty five minutes I 'd say to Portland .
Oh , I do n't get too much of that part [several inaudible words ] go over to the west over by , um , West [inaudible ] area .
Mhm .
Yeah , it 's -- um , oh probably about sixty miles from [inaudible] .
You getting a lot of rain ?
Yeah .
Have been the past few days .
Of course we got it really nice for a while but , um , we need it .
So , we ca n't complain .
Good .
And , ah , there 's no -- I -- I just got back from Mexico and coming up through the Ciscues[ ? ]
-- there was no snow there .
There 's no snow pack at all and it was just kind of really scary .
All because you -- not enough rain .
If there 's no snow that means there 's no , um , [inaudible ] water in the [several inaudible words ] ?
It -- yeah , yeah , it 's just , you know , I mean , ah , i- it - it 's -- it 's scary like it 's going to be a very , very dry , um , summer .
We 're going to have another drought situation again .
There 's just not going to be enough water unless we get some more snow up there .
And fires too , I guess .
Yeah .
