.
You know , tank for it .
And he said , " Yeah , kinda good point " . .
.
Yeah .
It can snowball , if you let it .
Certainly could .
Oh , I know .
I kno - and I -- and I know there are people like that out there .
I know --
Oh , yeah .
-- people who have actually stocked up over a year 's worth of food .
Oh , yeah .
Ah , you know , a year or two and some people -- I mean , they 've taken this to the +nth degree .
Uh you know , like even with a -- with a --
With the duct tape and the plastic ?
Yeah . .
Yeah , yeah .
I know a few people like that , too .
My sister in law and brother in law were just absolutely -- just over -- so overly cautious in my opinion , um , and they would n't even let their children out of their sight for , cor , weeks and -- well , probably months after nine eleven .
Yeah .
And then with the war -- war in Iraq , you know , they kind of had the same kind of thing .
With the --
And see , that -- that I think is just sad because then you 're going to be passing on that fear to your kids .
Exact-
And then you 're just a -- a hostage in your own -- in your own body , you know , and that -- that is just not good .
But I think everybody has to decide for themselves what they have to do to feel that level of comfort that we had before nine one one .
' Cause , God knows , that this world is not the same since then .
Well , it really is n't the same , and to -- to tell you the truth , I still have n't gotten that level of comfort back .
There 's still something in the back of my head that just keeps reminding me and reminding me that we 're all so vulnerable , and that anybody on the street could be the bad guy .
Absolutely .
And that 's -- that 's the thing .
You -- you do n't know and the only thing we have is this strength in numbers , because there are so many of us , and really relatively few of them .
Yes .
And we are a very strong nation and optimistic people and all we can do is hope and pray for the best .
Yeah .
I know , uh , like , I brought up with some of my other callers that I would hear -- we live out in a -- a rural farming community , but we 're within twenty five miles of a nuclear power plant .
Mm .
And they have beefed up security there and they 've stopped the tours and , you know , you ca n't get anywhere near the perimeter of it , and I said , and then I noticed in a -- in our local , um , newspaper that , um , the FDA is asking farmers to be vigilant on their farms , for any possible terrorist activities .
