No, I -- I did my master here .
So , I came here to get my master degree .
Oh .
So do you plan on going back or do you like it here enough to -- you want to stay , or ... ?
I will stay for -- for the while and then , ah , after that I -- I will decide .
Mhm .
Ah , [several inaudible words ] with this , like what is the purpose of , ah , this , ah , phone conversation ?
I 'm --
I have no idea .
-- intrigued .
I am probably as much confused about the purpose of these calls as you are .
Oh , okay .
Yeah , seriously .
I --
But --
-- I -- I have no idea .
I -- I thought of that --
None .
My -- I just wondered , like , ah , I have n't , ah , done it before so I thought somebody is going to call me up with some question .
Mhm .
And then they are -- they are doing some scientific , ah , researches .
Right .
Ah , but , ah , I guess , like , bot- bot- peop - ah , people are sh - participants , ah --
Right .
-- nobody is .
But , I guess they are , ah , recording this conversation and they will decide , ah , they will get something else out of it I guess .
I guess , yeah .
I -- I do n't know .
And the first thing they will realise that people leave the subject and then talk about some other things , right ?
Well , you know , it 's kind of funny because the first one I did was about bio-warfare and the guy I was talking to --
Yeah .
-- knew a lot about it --
Oh .
-- and he talked constantly .
I mean , he just --
-- he was telling me about articles he had read and , um , he -- he knew a lot about it and so he was --
Yeah .
-- talking about it the entire time .
Oh .
So , that part was -- was kind of interesting .
But , yeah , I guess it 's more nature to talk about different things after you stop talking about time travel .
' Cause it did -
Yeah .
-- it did n't have to be personal , the time travel .
' Cause then I could think , you know , you could go --
Yeah , I can , um , I can talk about it , um , like , since I got my master in , ah , engineering .
I know about the dim - ah , dimension and the travelling on time .
Mhm .
You know , lately , ah , the -- the guy , ah , I forgot his name , ah , he -- he is trying to prove that , ah , Einstein theory --
Mhm .
-- the light theory E equal M.C. square is not totally right .
Oh , really ?
Yeah .
So , yesterday I was reading and that article .
It was kind of interesting .
