Yeah .
I 've got kids as young as you are .
But that 's okay .
But I just -- you know , I think -- I think affirmative action is important because --
-- it just , um for so long things -- jobs were so stereotyped and -- and people that really could do a good job and -- and were willing to work at it , were n't given the chance .
The -- you know , it -- it had to come about .
Mhm .
Just to equal things out , I guess .
But --
Yeah .
Mm .
Any other thoughts you have on it ?
Ah , honestly --
I was just -- like , I do n't know about you , but it 's kind of hard talking [inaudible ] -- you know , they just throw a topic at you and then expect you to talk to somebody that you do n't even know , but .
Yeah .
Exactly .
Yeah .
Um , yeah I -- I 'd have to say that I 'm -- I 'm disappointed that , um , we 've come to this point in the country 's history and , ah , evolution of culture and everything , that it still requires a statute and a law to ensure that people get hired based on their skills and experience --
Right .
-- rather than whether they 're male or female , you know ?
It 's pretty disheartening [inaudible ] society as a whole to know that people will still do that just because there are assholes like that .
Well , and --
You know what I mean ?
-- and there tend - -- now , because somebody like you had said earlier , you know , like a -- a fifty five year old man losing his job for whatever reason , downsizing , you know --
Yeah .
-- businesses closing or whatever --
-- um , you know , that they have to go out there into the work force and compete against the twenty five year olds , like yourself .
And --
-- it -- it just seems so unfair that when --
-- and -- and I 'm fifty five myself , you know , we should be looking at --
-- okay another ten or fifteen years and -- and we could retire and you 're having to start all over again and having a hard time because you have to fight the system , so to speak .
But ...
So , does this -- do we automatically get cut off after ten minutes , is that the way this works or do you know ?
I have no idea how this whole study works , um --
I do n't --
Honestly , I think we just keep talking until they tell us to stop or there 's this break in the conversation .
I do n't know , the- they 're recording us right now , I know that .
Is this your first call ?
Yeah .
Yeah , mine too .
So , I do n't really know .
I mean , we 've been talking for nine minutes now , so I do n't know what we 're sup - -- whatever we 're supposed to do .
But --
