So , I -- I wanted to serve my mission first and probably join when I get back .
Mhm .
Or something like that .
So , I 'm not waiting , I wanted to get this -- get this taken care of and done .
Mm .
So , I do n't know .
I -- I -- I did n't notice too many changes with me after September eleventh , but , I do n't know .
Do -- do -- anything different in the way you think about things or feel about things , or ask ?
Um , way I feel about things , like , with the war , September eleventh , I think a lot of people have been overlooking what -- what happened to us first .
Like , I mean , like I mean , I 'm not -- I 'm not against the war at all , and I mean , I -- I do n't think it 's right or anything , but I mean , I think it -- it 's happening because it -- I -- I think that 's the only way the government thought they could take care of the problem .
Of the terrorists ?
Yeah , of --
Uh-huh .
-- the terrorists and all the other stuff .
Like , I mean , I think , like , most Americans are against the war are overlooking is what might happen -- might have happened if they did n't go in and uh , and take care of Saddam and all that .
Mhm .
And , like , I mean September eleventh , I think played a bigger part than what most people look at .
Mhm .
As far as the war goes and stuff , but I mean --
So you think that was a -- you think that was the turning point , or you think it was n't ?
Well , I -- I think -- I think it 's a point in which a lot of people overlook .
I think it was -- I mean , with the -- with the government and all that , I think that was a big point for them .
Uh-huh .
In that we do n't look about because it happened , like , two years ago --
Uh-huh .
-- and so I mean , if we look at that and just say , hey , I mean , this will probably settle it down or stop it --
Mhm .
-- I mean , I -- I think that 's a good thing .
Mhm .
But I 'm not too -- I do n't know a lot about what 's going on in the war and what -- what -- what the reasons are and what not , but --
Have you been following it very much ?
I -- I 've -- I 've -- I 've read some and find out .
It looks like -- well , more lately , it 's just been , like , the stories that have happened over there and how many of the soldiers have died and their stories of the soldiers who died .
Yeah .
I mean , as far as we -- as far as , like , I think the public knows and everyone knows , the political views , I do n't think we know even half of it .
I think there 's probably more than the reason just to go over and get Saddam .
I think there 's more than that , that we just do n't know about .
