That seems like a long time !
And , you know , also working with the military , I -- I appreciate --
Okay .
-- I mean , I appreciate the military to no end .
I -- I think that the soldiers are fantastic for what they [inaudible ] and I -- I -- my heart and prayers are with them every second o - of the day , um , to try and protect us .
Right .
Did , um , do you think nine eleven had anything to do with w- -- or Saddam Hussein has anything to do with nine eleven ?
I 'm not sure , to be honest with you .
I -- I 'm not , uh , I 've -- well , I 've said , having a child , I have the Disney channel on all the time --
Uh-huh .
-- because I do n't want him to see this .
Right .
He 's too young right now to even comprehend , and he 's also at that age where he 's picking up on things and --
Yeah .
-- and I do n't want him to be scared out of his wits .
Yeah .
He 's too young for that .
So , I 'm not really paying attention as much to what 's going on as most people do .
Okay .
I --
But , um , I try to read the newspaper once in a while when I can --
Yeah .
-- or if I 'm online , read what 's going on on MSNBC or something like that .
Uh-huh .
I know the day nine eleven came -- I work in the , uh , library at our education -- at our local --
-- school district , and so we had , uh , it 's for K. through six , we had grades five and six in there , and it was -- it was terrible for them and yet they -- we felt as a staff that they needed to know what was going on .
Of course .
And they needed to get the facts straight and be with someone that they trusted .
And , um , yeah , I can -- I can -- I 'll never forget that day because we had all these kids cramped into this library and asking us questions and , you know , they 'd go home and see it too but maybe mom and dad would n't be there right away to --
Exactly .
-- to see this terrible thing and -- and to answer --
-- some of their questions and stuff .
So ...
And plus there 's the fact that some of these people 's , uh , kids are n't -- do n't like to a - talk to their parents or the parents are n't available to talk to them about --
Right .
-- these things .
Sure .
So ... but other -- well , like I said previously , um , I just do n't think my life , other than being more aware of things , has really changed .
Um , one thing that did change out here is , right after this , or in a day or two , gas prices , you know , tripled and quadrupled .
