Directly .
-- family or friends or --
Right .
Or -- and -- and -- and your business did not have any --
We -- we ha - I mean , we have -- we were -- we 're nation wide so there --
Uh-huh .
-- was people -- there was people that we had in the area , but --
Yeah ?
-- and , like , 'cause I work for a company called Labor Ready .
Uh-huh .
They actually --
Oh .
-- provided the temp labor --
Sure .
-- to help clean up .
Oh , my goodness .
For part of it .
Well , that really did affect your life , did n't it ?
But --
In some way ?
In some way .
Like , my company I worked for helped , but like --
Yeah .
-- I mean , in the aftermath , we were able to help , but --
Yeah .
-- at the time of it happening , it was n't --
Yeah .
It was n't really something that -- that hit us , like , " Really ?
Oh wow" , that you know -- and it was n't till that evening when I got home where my husband said to me , " You do n't want to watch the news " and I 'm like , " Well , yeah , I want to know what 's going on " and that 's when I first saw --
Mhm .
-- the images .
Yeah .
And it was just like , wow , I missed all this to - it was like , all this happened today while I was at work ?
Mhm .
Um , I do n't know , it 's like -- I think the people who are more on the East Coast more likely know somebody who was --
Mhm .
-- close to it and so --
Yeah , it 's true , but does n't it make you feel a tiny bit more vulnerable , because they did n't know that was going to happen ?
Well , I mean , yeah .
I mean , a little bit more vulnerable , but --
Mhm .
-- where I 'm looking at it right now , I live in Arizona .
Which is gorgeous , anyway .
.
My first time really visiting there was last summer when my , um , friend and I drove from North Carolina and went through -- we went down to El Paso .
Right .
Driving , and then went up through Tuscon and up to Scottsdale where we were going to meet -- meet up with a whole bunch of friends .
Yeah .
Um --
I act- I actually live in Scottsdale .
Do you really ?
Yeah .
We stayed at the , um , the uh , Scottsdale Princess Resort .
Oh , that 's beautiful .
Oh , God , yes .
That 's really beautiful .
I -- I just said , " This is the way I want my life to me forever and ever " .
Yeah .
Yeah . .
.
But the problem with living here --
