Really ?
Right and -- so , what are you supposed to do ?
Now , I do n't work right now but if I were to get a job where I had to be there at eight thirty , what could I do ?
Then , I would have to try to depend on somebody else getting him to the bus stop and I really do n't want to do that .
Yeah , that sucks .
So , that 's when you can start running into a lot of different other problems .
Now , it 's okay 'cause when he gets dropped off , he goes to after school programs around my house but in the morning , there 's nowhere for him and the schools should have something for before and after .
I think so too .
You know ?
I think that would be good , then the
And they have a lot of half days .
Uh-huh .
They have one -- one a month at least and maybe two a month .
What are the parents to do on those days when they get out at two uh noon ?
Yeah --
We ca n't keep taking off of work .
Yeah , you ca n't --
Everybody does n't have relatives or babysitters .
And -- and -- and there are a lot of people who do n't have babysitters or relatives and --
Right .
-- and , you know , so -- so there needs to be something set up um through maybe government subsidies that would help people ...
Right .
... who -- who do have that problem .
Exactly .
And it 's like they just threw this plan on us at the beginning of the year last year we -- it -- this is something new .
I mean , they had half days but now they have 'em almost every other week .
Oh .
And it seems like every time -- every time you turn around , they 're out of school for whatever reason .
So , it 's like , my goodness .
I gotta keep trying to find somebody to watch him or be here or it cuts into my work day , you know ?
It cuts into my day .
Right .
But I need to be providing for the house or whatever .
I 'm a single parent so it 's really ... the school situation is getting worse as far as that 's concerned .
Right .
And um ... they do n't take it into account that we need uh advance notice .
Mhm .
They just give us a schedule , this is what 's gonna happen .
Oh , that 's not --
And it 's like , oh my gosh .
That 's not good .
Right .
That is not good .
And then our park[ ? ]
districts , you know , they do n't work all the way with the schools when they 're out .
They uh have -- they stop two weeks before school starts and they wo n't start until two weeks after school gets out .
So , you have two weeks or a week of what to do with your child and -- you know , so those kind of things are really , really hard because they want to keep the kids off the street but during the time that they are out of school , they do n't have any kind of program for them to keep them off the streets .
