Yeah , exactly , I know .
All right .
You know , and Rhode Island , what kind of -- you know , who -- what -- who do you follow in Rhode Island , the New York teams ?
Oh , no , the Patriots .
Okay .
In football , football , yeah .
And then which is like --
The Patriots .
For baseball , would you be more following like Boston or ...
Um , honestly basically , ah , like , yeah , the Boston , um --
Red Sox ?
Yeah , yeah , that 's who basically it would be , yeah .
Okay .
But I really do n't follow it at all .
No, you 've got to go by what , you know , the people you know follow .
Yeah , exactly , I know it .
I mean , in some areas , especially on the east coast where a lot of the larger metropolitan areas are closer together , you can have people in the same area following different teams and it 's a big fight whereas here --
Oh , yeah , it is , yeah .
You know , in Wisconsin it 's like you 've got one team for every sport , you know , and that 's it .
There 's not really much to , ah , argue about .
You go down -- like , my wife is actually from Illinois so -- and baseball , that 's a big fight between the Sox fans and the , ah , Cubs fans so , you know , but --
Mhm .
Up here there 's not a whole lot -- you know , that 's more or less you listen to a sports talk show and all year round it 's football .
You know , they do talk about how bad the Brewers are or how good the Bucks are n't but , you know , everything , you know , lives and dies by the Packers around here .
Although --
All right .
-- college sports -- yeah , college sports are pretty good around here too .
Um , they do have a certain amount of following for , ah , college basketball with Marquette[ ? ] and college hockey in Wisconsin but -- and football of course again , but --
Uh-huh .
Now we are getting off topic but how long can you really talk about , you know , player strikes ?
Yeah , I know it really -- I know really especially if you do n't --
I mean , I ca n't even -- I 'm a -- I 'm fairly up on sports but I ca n't even remember the last time -- it was like two or three years ago that they talked about a possible lock out in , ah , baseball and , in -- in my opinion baseball does need revenue sharing because that 's the only way you 're going to get a team like Milwaukee or Cincinnati or Pittsburgh to be able to compete with a New York team that has all the money .
Right , yeah , exactly , definitely , I hear you there , that have a good cash flow .
But as far as I 'm concerned , I mean , baseball is just not -- it 's not that exciting a sport .
You know , they just built two years ago a brand new stadium here in Milwaukee and it 's -- as far as I 'm concerned , I 'm a traditionalist , and it 's got that -- the -- the dome that opens and closes .
