That 's great .
Congratulations .
-- there -- there are things that you regret along that line .
Um , so , I wish I 'd done more travelling .
Definitely .
Yeah , so I 'm looking forward to when I retire in maybe eight years or so to , ah , doing a lot of travelling .
Hopefully I 'll --
That 's , um -- I -- I -- I tend to have the same thing .
I -- I keep putting off a trip to Italy for almost a decade now .
I 've planning to do that and it 's always the next graduation or the next job opportunity we 'll -- we 'll take off and -- or after the next child and then it becomes even harder .
And now I 'm afraid we 'll never -- we 'll never go on that big trip we 've been planning .
Well , maybe not never , you know , there - there 's a -- you gotta , you know , there 's decades to live ahead so , you know , Italy will probably still be there .
We 're not at war with Italy yet .
Who knows -- who knows we will be in the -- in the -- even in the far future .
Um , yeah , you can never tell .
We 're going to pick off countries one at a time --
-- just kind of -- so -- so , ah , Iraq , Jordan , Turkey , Greece , Yugoslavia and there we are right at Italy .
But , you know , somehow I do n't think we 'll get to Italy .
But --
No. Ah , we could n't -- we could n't go to war with them .
We enjoy their food too much .
Mhm .
They 've invaded our culture too much .
That 's right .
Yeah .
Maybe we 'll get some bad pasta or something .
Ah .
Gosh .
I should think of more things that I regret .
How about you ?
You got anything else here ?
Um , well , my wife is , um , is a professor of literature and now that I look at it I wish I 'd read a lot more of the great classics --
Uh-huh .
-- it would make my conversations with her a little bit deeper and I feel a lot of time my conversations are superficial .
Ah , my knowledge of the -- the good classics ideal is in the end , Dante 's works .
All those -- those -- those great books of literature and now I 'm having to catch up real fast just so that I can , um , carry on , um , meaningful conversations in her discipline .
Uh-huh .
And I wish that I had just had more interest in that so that I would 've come out across as less sports , which I would n't give up .
Yeah .
So -- but I wish would 've spent a little more time paying attention to the -- those literature .
Yeah .
I wish I remembered some of those books --
-- 'cause , ah , I , ah -- oh , one year I did n't have much to do one summer 'cause I could n't find a good job for a while .
This was when I was in highschool .
So , I got a college reading list .
And I did n't know that nobody ever read those things ahead of time .
They just passed out the list and said you should read these in highschool .
I did n't know nobody ever did that .
So , in , ah , one summer I read like sixty -- sixty books a day .
Not -- I mean , sixty books in the summer .
