The Bears fans seem to be diehard .
It -- it 's an all or nothing thing .
They do n't -- they do n't fade away when their team fades away , you know ?
[inaudible ] that 's good .
Um , and of course then my son he 's into soccer and bowling both .
So --
Mhm .
-- that 's , um --
You gotta -- you got that vibe going through your household .
So --
-- you 're exposed to it , yeah .
Yes , I 'm exposed .
And I 've learned to diligently sit through a -- a Bears game while it was on .
Sure .
Well , that 's very unique [several inaudible words ] .
Uh , yeah , well , you know , I -- I think , uh , you know , uh , as -- as far as the strike it 's , uh -- th - the thing -- I think the thing that most people look at is they -- they -- they ca n't get out of their head that it 's a game , they 're the -- they 're being played -- paid to play a game , which , yeah , you know , it 's not the most important -- it 's not -- it 's definitely not the most important thing in the world , there 's -- there 's , you know , a million other things that are way more worthwhile .
Um , I 'm not going to argue with anybody about that , um , but , you know , I -- I think that it basically comes down to i- -- if the money 's not there they would n't be getting it .
Um , you know , i- i- i- -- a lot of people think it 's just like , you know , i- the -- the price of a -- of a ticket to get into the arena is what pays for these salaries , but , um , you know , that 's like -- that 's the tip of the iceberg .
There is so much money they get from -- from television and broadcast rights , there 's merchandising money , there 's -- there 's all this other stuff and , you know , why should the owners have , you know , even most of it ?
Maybe they should have most of it , but why should n't the players get , uh , you know , a share of that ?
Yeah .
I guess it 's the same as the royalties from the movies or a book .
Yeah .
Then the other thing is with , uh -- i- i- it 's kinda with actors and actresses too , but also the athletes when you think about it , when -- you 've probably seen this -- I mean , they 'll -- they 'll talk about a guy whose like old when he 's only , like , you know , thirty years old or something like that .
He 's , like , he 's a veteran , he 's almost done with his career .
Well then , Michael Jordan 's over the hill !
Exactly .
I mean , he 's , like , what , he 's thirty eight ?
I mean , you know , give --
He 's -- no , he turns forty this year I think .
He turns forty , yeah .
But , I mean , think about it .
I mean , you know , fine , for an athlete that 's over the hill but , I mean , for real life ?
What about ... ?
