Yeah , and then I 'm -- I 'm also , uh , getting some of my news and keeping up with stuff through there , too .
Uh , I 've got a Yahoo page set up with all the -- like , My Yahoo.
Oh , yeah .
I 've got the page set up and ticked the different AP and Reuters and whatever else was available --
Mhm .
-- and the different kinds of news that I wanted to be , like , alerted for headlines on .
Okay , yeah , yeah .
So , I 've -- that 's another source that I use to keep up with stuff , is the internet .
Yes , yes , me too .
You know .
Yeah , um , I forgot , but , no , I probably , um -- like , I 'll -- I 'll tune -- MSN has got , uh , some great pictures of -- I should n't say great , but they are amazing pictures of what 's happening .
Oh , yeah .
I do n't --
But , uh --
Uh , yeah , it 's kind of -- in a way it 's sorta awful to have so much access to it .
It 's just --
-- too much information .
Yeah , yeah .
It really is , is why I can do it , like , ten , fifteen minutes and then when they start repeating it 's gotta go anyway or I 'll get sucked into it .
Yeah .
Yeah , especially , like , today .
Like , maybe on Friday I was bit more absorbed into it because that 's when they started the heavy duty stuff , right , and --
Uh , yeah .
And I was , uh , -- like , it was just sort of a -- you 're in awe , and I think that 's what they call it .
That 's -- that was part of the name of their little program there .
I know it , and -- yeah , and that 's exactly what it -- like , it was , so if you just -- like , we 'd never seen --
I ca n't -- my awe is I ca n't believe there 's anything still standing .
I know .
I know I -- and , like , you 're waiting this one apartment to fall there , you know , like all these lights are on it and stuff , and when are they gonna hit it because , you know , but --
They 're not supposed to be hitting it , though .
No, and that -- I heard that after , but I -- I -- you sort of like -- like , what are they hitting ?
But they 're doing -- they 're supposed to be doing what the -- I guess --
They 've got to pinpoint all these little --
-- they got that darned satellite stuff and they can by golly -- they can put it in your --
Yeah .
-- they could put it in your guest bathroom if they want to .
Yeah , that 's right .
You know , because of all the satellites and all that magic .
Yeah , yeah , it 's amazing .
It seems kind of , uh , somebody 's at a disadvantage .
