Um --
-- sometimes in unison or sometimes individually , so in a way it 's a lot like an aerobics class .
Oh , okay .
Kinda like aerobic dancing or something .
Oh okay , well , that 's not bad at all .
That 's really not bad .
I -- I mean , I do n't like it .
I mean , just something when you can interact .
See , I like the interaction part , like , if you go to the gym , I mean , you 're just like , basically by yourself , you 're working out , you know .
And I like to meet people and get out and talk to people and different things like that .
So I wanna do something like , that 's more interactive , I mean , like , karate , okay it 's interactive , you can meet other people and you 're not just like at [inaudible ] table , then we do karate or then we move to this , then we move to that .
Somewhere how --
Did you ever do any team sports ?
Mm , out of high school , no .
W- when I was younger , when I was , uh , in the army , and after I got out of the army --
I did , uh , uh , you know , basketball in leagues .
Okay .
And I always enjoyed that but then my knees started to give out and I had to give it up .
Yeah .
See , I mean , and I really do n't have like , um , a weight problem , so the only thing that I would rally wanna do , if I wanted to lose anything , would be like just to tone up and like , tone up my stomach .
But that would be the only thing .
I mean , I -- I do n't have a weight problem .
But yet , and still , I mean , even just being healthy , you know , you need to work out and it 's good for your heart and all that .
Yeah , well I think especially as to get older to keep your heart in good shape and stuff like that , it 's good to get into the habit .
Yeah .
It 's good to get into the habit .
I mean , like , right now I 'm just tw- I 'm twenty eight , I 'll be twenty nine in September , so , um , I do n't know , I guess maybe I 'm not as concerned as I should be because I 'm not like , older ?
I do n't know .
Yeah , well , you -- you 're lucky , you 're in -- in good shape and you have a pretty active life it sounds like .
Yeah , I do .
So , I mean , as far as getting a lot of walking in , I do .
I mean , just working at the department store , I mean , part time .
Four hours you 're on your feet , I mean , that 's part time , like after my regular job .
Four hours you 're on your feet , you 're not sitting down , you 're constantly moving around .
So , I mean , you think about that .
I mean , in itself that is a lot of exercise .
