-- excuse me , the Israeli Palestinian conflict ?
Which I think is even more difficult of an issue to see that it can possibly be resolved .
I -- I really do n't know .
Like , I -- I -- I have to agree with you , ah -- well , I 'm a new mom myself .
I --
Uh-huh , oh , congratulations .
I have a twenty two month old and I also have a nine week old .
Oh , my goodness .
So , it 's very difficult to sit down and read a paper .
And just very busy .
So , I have to agree with you as far as not knowing -- like , sitting down and knowing all the facts .
Mhm .
I -- I agree with you there .
Um , and it is very hard .
But you -- you on the other hand , can -- you said you were in the Air Force ?
Mhm .
That , to me -- you -- you get to see what 's happening .
Like , in the military and yo - you 've had that experience and everything that you kind of know what 's happening and -- not fully but , you know , you 've had that experience .
Well , right .
Well , I w- -- I was in a long time ago and it was actually kind of curious .
I was in during the Gulf War .
Okay .
And , um , I actually felt very connected to , um , to what was going on there because it just seemed --
-- more real , it seemed more present .
Mhm .
And it was actually very surreal to me when the Iraq war began .
Um , and the work that I 'm doing now , which is completely different , um , from my Air Force experience , um , I -- I work for a town , I 'm the Assistant Town Administrator for a small town outside of Boston and I was in a staff meeting righ - right after the war broke out .
And I was just sitting there as a discussion came up about how many reservists we have working for the town .
Turned out no one .
No one works for the town --
Ah , no one who works for the town is a --
reservist , which really shocked me .
Hm .
And it was just amazing sitting in that meeting thinking , " Oh , my god , this is so surreal" .
There 's -- there 's no connection .
There 's no connection whatsoever to this war .
Whereas before , during the last war , there was such a strong connection because of the work that I was doing .
Yeah .
So , um ...
Yeah .
But I -- I mean , it 's a very scary thought , raising a child in today 's age .
Mhm .
And I would like to think peace could come out of this but I seriously doubt it will .
Um , you have many people over there right now who just object to the US forces being in Iraq .
