Well , I did n't know this was -- I did n't realise this was -- I guess I did n't read the whole thing to see what it was gonna be about .
Yeah but every day it -- it should be different , though , which is good .
Yeah .
But um , they said we can only do three ?
Is that the restriction ?
That 's the yes , " You may participate in up to three calls " .
My daughter wants to talk ...
... but she 's too young .
She 's like -- she 's almost three .
Mm .
No, Jennifer , you ca n't talk .
I wonder how much longer we have .
I do n't know .
I ca n't tell .
My phone usually has it but since I 've done all these other numbers on it , it does n't have the time on there .
Are you doing it on a cell phone ?
Yes .
I wonder if I can click that -- hold on a second .
We 've only been on seven minutes .
Oh , that 's good then .
We only have a few more minutes left .
Yeah , well -- yeah , actually , somewhere round three minutes .
I do n't know what else to say about the topic .
It was ...
Yeah , I know .
I mean , I wish they would have asked some oth - -- some more questions .
Yeah , a few more questions .
I wonder what the time travel one was about yesterday .
That would have been -- I think that would have been even worse to answer .
I know .
Probably like , if people believe in time travel or not or something .
Yeah .
Does the um -- the email said that we had to stay on topic , is that what it said ?
That 's what it says here .
It says , " The call length is ten minutes and we ask that you speak on the proposed topic for at least eight minutes " .
Oh .
I wonder if they 'll accept -- accept ours .
I do n't know .
It says , " Please give your opinions and the benefit of your personal experience and ask about the other person 's experience and opinions " .
But there is no experience .
I mean --
I know .
I 've never been asked about money .
Or someone 's never told me that , you know , either give -- you know , if they give me a million dollars if I ...
.
So , what part of the country are you in ?
I 'm in California .
Oh .
I am too , so ... I wonder if they pick people that are on the same time zone ?
Oh , yeah , may- ... maybe they do , yeah .
I live on , like , near Yosemite National Park .
In where ?
Near Yosemite National Park .
