-- but a black male made forty percent of that , with the same qualifications .
Um , no , no , no a wo - -- a woman made forty percent of that .
A white women made forty percent of that .
A black male was even less than that forty percent .
Really ?
That 's ridiculous .
That is .
Yeah and -- um , what I -- I want to be a police officer .
Oh , okay .
So , I mean that 's a predominantly male field --
Yes .
Yes .
-- and I mean it 's going to -- it 's -- I mean , everybody 's like , " You do n't want to do that , you 're a girl" and it 's like , " You know , just because I 'm a girl , does n't mean I ca n't do that " .
Question then .
Would you fight , um , a war for your country ?
Would I ? Definitely .
Oh , I 'm glad to hear that .
Because with affirmative action -- we still wo n't put women in combat , you know that right ?
We --
No, I did n't .
Um , we will not put them in hand to hand combat .
We let them fly planes , we let them go on ships , but they cannot go into combat , as of yet and I think we need to work on that .
I -- I -- the military 's one of the last die hard groups , I guess .
They just find it hard to rewrite those laws and -- and change things .
Yeah .
D- do you know you -- ah , being in the military , if you have an extramarital affair they can just , um , fire you ?
Dismiss you out of the service .
An extra what ?
Ah , an affair .
They can --
Oh , really ?
-- fire you for adultery .
I mean , there 's laws on the books you would n't believe .
You ca n't curse in front of women -- they do n't reinforce that one , which they need to .
But that 's -- that 's what I mean by affirmative action --
Yeah .
-- the laws do n't keep up with time and -- and that 's wrong , that 's why we ca n't be equal at -- in everything we say and do .
Mhm .
So , we 've got to have affirmative action on that aspect of it .
Right .
Now , is this your first phone call with them ?
Yes .
Okay .
We 're on number two .
Oh , okay .
Yeah , so .
But I 'm sitting here in Kansas enjoying some beautiful weather right now .
Wow .
Yeah .
I could say that was affirmative .
Yeah .
How 's your weather ?
Um , it 's about sixty degrees .
Oh , that 's not bad at all .
No, it 's pretty nice outside , actually .
Yeah .
N- now , you said you were from Texas , right ?
Uh-huh .
Now , what do you think about the death penalty then , when you look at the disparity between the -- the -- um , the blacks and whites and min- minorities on death row versus whites on death row ?
