Um , I -- I only have two kids and they 're eleven and five
Oh .
But my --
Well , my -- my son in law was in New York , he was working right at the trade centre .
Well , now , whenever that happened and -- my grandma actually called me and said , " Did you see what 's going on TV ? "
And I said , " No . "
I turned it there and I really scared I really wanted to go and pick my kids up at school but I fought it because they had n't told them --
Ahah .
-- there was actually supposed to be a big , um , thing with the governor and stuff coming to my daughter 's school and they cancelled it and they did n't tell the kids what -- what had happened or anything .
Ah .
So ...
Well , we sure knew we -- that -- that was scary it took -- he just happened to have a friend who grabbed him because he was pretty shell shocked and his friend dragged him down to the ferry boat and got him back to New Jersey .
He got the first and only boat out of the whole area --
Mhm .
Because that was a long , scary three or four hours .
Yes , um , --
And for some screwy reason the only person that could get in or out was me .
Oh .
So I sort of became command center central for all of the relatives back there .
Yeah .
Do you , um , think that President Bush handled it properly , or ...
You know , I -- I know absolutely nothing , but I do -- I would vote for him again tomorrow even though I did n't vote for him the first time around .
Well , this a --
I think he 's done the best that anybody could possibly do under horrific conditions .
I -- I agree .
Especially those people wanted to be free .
Yeah .
It 's so clear .
I do n't think he 's lied to us any place .
Yeah .
And if he did lie I do n't think it was by intent .
Yeah .
Just maybe something he did n't know about .
I mean look what they 've found today , those two thousand bodies .
Oh , I have n't been watching the news , I have n't even seen that .
Yeah .
I just -- I sa --
A thousand bodies of people that Saddam slaughtered .
Oh .
Where they all buried in one grave ?
Apparently so .
Oh .
I might have to go turn on --
It 's quite --
-- the news --
-- a quick flash it looked like separate graves from what I saw , but who knows , they have n't uncovered them yet .
Oh .
That 's just one bad person .
Yeah .
Yeah --
You know , I tend to stay away from -- I travel a lot , um , I started driving up to Northern California , I go up once or twice a month rather than flying , um , for no other reason than at -- by the time I get through security and checkpoints I can be there .
