I mean , I just do n't think that 's shallow .
I think that a friend understands , I mean , stipulations like that .
Well , I think , in my case , I just do n't really have , you know , incredibly close friends .
I have --
Right .
I do n't think any of us do .
Yeah .
You know , we 're in a -- the environ - -- a different environment now .
Oh , yeah .
I mean ... the wor- -- uh , do you work ?
Um , I 'm unemployed right now .
Okay .
Are -- are you usually a worker ?
Yes .
Okay .
See w- -- and so am I.
I mean , I 've worked for twenty eight years .
Yeah .
And then I got sick and I 've been home nine months now but I still do n't , you know , I -- I still do n't take ... you know , go out with people and ... you know --
Yeah .
-- it 's -- it 's just ...
Me neither .
In fact one of the things , when I lost my job , one of the -- one of the biggest problems was that the majority of people in my life that I talked to and , you know , felt close to , were people that I worked with .
Exactly , me too .
And now , that I was n't going to work , I never saw them any more and , you know , with very , very rare exception , never heard from them again .
Exactly .
And , which is kinda worse 'cause then you really feel cut off .
You not only do n't have a job , you do n't have all of your friends either .
But I think the word "friend " has changed since our gener- -- in our generation --
Right .
-- the baby boomers .
Well -- yeah --
Because our families v- ... our fa - -- our parents ' best friends , you know , and then , my mother never worked .
Mhm .
And my dad , you know , they -- actually , he was in the army , so his friends were in the army too .
Right .
But um ... I just -- you know , I think that we 're all mature enough to understand that .
Now , maybe when we get in our seventies or eighties , we might say different .
Yeah .
Well , and there are those people , too , who have a friend they grew up with and you know , stayed close to through high school and college and ... but uh , I do n't know .
That 's just not me .
Well , my friend is one I grew up with .
Mhm .
But we ... we moved um -- we - -- I was in Augusta , Georgia .
Mhm .
And that 's where I grew up and then when I was thirteen , we moved to Charleston , South Carolina and , you know , she is still -- I mean , I have n't -- I have n't seen her but once since thirteen .
