No.
And I am really , you know , thinking of how will we get out of there .
Right .
' Cause to get in is much easier with all this power , but to get out and to make certain , ah , you know , peaceful process to -- to -- to have end of it , that 's what makes me really , you know , nervous because I do n't trust and I do n't believe in ability of local , you know , institutions so whatever they have left .
Right .
To , um , to -- to make reasonable progress in a short time at all .
Yeah .
And , ah , um , experience from Afghanistan which was that we are immigrants from Russia and experience in Afghanistan taught us , that , you know , people have different faces during day time and night time .
Mhm .
In those areas unfortunately , and you do n't know always that person that you speak during the day and he agree to [inaudible ] what he will do during the night time .
Right .
When nobody sees and , ah , I believe that , um , young people who are basically given the task -- many people who given the task and they 're probably very well trained but it 's hard to , um , to understand somebody else , um , way of thinking if it 's totally different from yours --
Exactly .
-- you can look at the person and think that you know what they 're talking about but they have totally different --
Yeah , yeah , I agree .
Yeah .
I suppose , I mean , it 's also interesting though to hear someone else 's viewpoint , um , because you only have your own -- what you see and what you hear to go by and --
Well , which is good .
That 's what we want for our children .
Yes , yes .
So , you know , not to be -- not to be personally touched .
Right .
But , um , --
You know , I do n't want -- I do n't want , ah , America going over there and starting something that they 're not going to then finish and help .
Mm .
I mean , they have all these promises they 're going to be bringing food and water and all sort of stuff and then I 'm seeing on TV , you know , all these people are sitting there looking for food and water .
Right .
I mean , I -- I do n't want us going in there and doing something anywhere , whether it 's Iraq , whether it 's , um , you know , there are other Arab countries , no matter where it is , I do n't want them going in there , starting something and then leaving it and leaving these people .
To another dictator .
Yes .
You know , I mean , and that -- and that -- that was my fear .
And --
Yeah .
-- you know , I -- I started wondering how much what we were hearing was -- I 'm not over there so I have no clue what is really going on other than what I see reported on TV and I know from personal experience that not everything that gets reported on TV is what 's actually going on .
And -- or it 's half of what 's going on and , um , --
