-- charging , like , uh , the m - -- for the food and stuff .
When you go there you 're gonna pay for a high price ticket and then you 've got to pay outrageous money for the food and everything .
Right .
Yeah , exactly , which is out of -- overpriced also .
Um , you know , I saw something about -- I think I was reading in the paper the other day something about the WMBA , um , their players union having talks whether or not they were gonna continue playing , and I thought to myself " Wow , they -- they seem to be struggling" .
The women 's basketball [inaudible ] is struggling to even draw fans and just being introduced and already talking about um , what they would need to extend their contract so they would n't have a work stoppage .
And I thought they had to be kidding me , I was , like , I know --
[inaudible ]
-- that a sport like -- a sport like that would never survive if they went on strike .
Yeah , I know .
I- if -- if -- I guess its just human nature to --
Right .
-- always want more 'cause I -- I remember one time -- and this is -- I thought this was shocking -- there was a -- a show on millionaires .
Uh-huh .
And this guy was talking about when he -- he said all he wanted to do was earn that first million and he was gonna be satisfied , but he said once he got the first million --
Right .
-- then he had to have the second , and then when he got the second he wanted the third .
He said you do n't never stop wanting more money .
Right .
He said it just becomes an obsession .
Right .
Yeah , I see --
You know ?
-- I see how they are and , uh , I guess they -- once the athletes get to a certain , um , level or get accustomed to certain things and then they -- they feel like they always have to have that .
Or sometimes their argument would be that , uh , " Well , we deserve this money because , um , we only can do this for a certain amount of time .
So , this money has to last us a lifetime " .
Yeah , well , if they only got two hundred million they should be able to make that last !
Right , yeah .
That 's what I thought too , you know ?
And then another thing too , they probably look at the pie 'cause you were talking about how the , uh , owners get so much more --
Right , right .
-- they probably look over at the pie and they say , " Well , even though we 're getting , you know , fifty million dollars a game " or something like that , or -- or two million a game or whatever , they 're saying well , but -- you know , they 're looking that that 's only a little --
