Too much work for me .
Exactly .
Golly .
Well , do you think we 're going to have peace now ?
I do n't think it 'll be quick .
I do n't think .
' Cause Palestine and all them are uprising , you know , against us .
Th- they do n't like it because --
Yeah , exactly .
You know , he has power over them too , whether they --
Right .
-- admit it or not .
But ...
Right , exactly .
[inaudible ] so --
I do n't know .
I mean , I do n't know what your beliefs are but I go by bible too and I put that into perspective too .
Oh , totally .
I totally agree .
And --
I -- I mean , I totally see scripturally what 's happening and what 's going to happen now , because this is it .
Yeah .
You know , we 're getting down to the last -- to the end .
Yeah .
So we may never see peace again on -- on this side of heaven anyway .
That 's true .
I know , um , the only thing is if --
-- we get in there and try to break , ah , Palestine and Israel up , that 's -- you know , I just hope we stand behind Israel because that 's what we 're supposed to do , I think .
But they 've --
They 've got to show some people .
Yeah , exactly .
So .
But ...
Gosh , I totally agree with you .
I 'm just -- it 's kind of scary to think --
You know , fortunately we have a Godly President --
Yeah .
-- and so it 's going to work out well because he 's made the decision that he 's going to do what 's right .
Right .
Hopefully he wo n't be swayed .
That 's true .
I -- I 'm thinking abo- -- too , what , um , we were talking Korea and all that , the uprising over there and --
-- keep putting it in the news with this and , I 'm like --
-- well , I wish that we 'd concentrate on our efforts over there first , Afghanistan and Iraq , and get them under control , what we need to do and get them idiots out of there .
Right , exactly .
Before we move on to somebody else [inaudible] .
Oh , for sure .
' Cause , I mean , we 've got to -- I heard that -- that retired general that 's going in today for the administration .
He 's -- you know , he 's going to be the administrator over there .
And it seems like he 's got some good plans , you know .
I do n't know if you heard the news today but he 's going to go in and restore the water and he was in a hospital already and so he really wants to turn things around .
Yeah .
Well [inaudible] .
So , that was a good thing .
