But ...
Uh , so you said you traveled -- you traveled , uh , one time with your family ?
Yeah .
Uh , since the new things have been in place ?
Yeah .
We came from -- from Nebraska down here to Oklahoma when we were still living up there , to visit some relatives .
Oh , okay .
Yeah .
And , uh , we got laid over and we were there at like , four thirty in the morning to catch the next flight and we -- we were in -- in bad shape .
Oh , goodness .
And they were taking the +kids ' shoes off ?
Yeah .
They had us take us her shoes off and checked her clothes and everything .
Oh !
It was just -- it was unreal 'cause she was only like , a year and a half , a year and a half I think .
So ...
Wow !
Yeah .
I think we looked pitiful though .
Yeah .
I mean , every time I tr- go traveling , uh , with my girlfriend she gets -- they make her take her shoes off .
I know !
Man ...
And she 's , like , you know , the most harmless looking young lady you would ever see .
Yeah .
I mean , they had people , like , taking foot slops and -- and sandals and obvious , you know , pieces of -- of clothing and stuff off , which just cracked me up .
But I think they have a certain amount of people that they have to pull out of line no matter what .
Right .
In fact , they -- they have to follow some certain ratios .
I think they even do it , uh , I 'm not sure , but I think they even some sort of a , uh , random way of determining , you know , like --
Yes .
Yeah .
-- one -- one out -- out of two or something get searched .
Well , I -- I also know that , um , if for some reason your flight has n't been able to go and you have to get a different flight , I think they said everybody that -- that 's on that -- that new flight , the rescheduled flight , has to be checked .
Oh , really ?
Yeah .
Mm .
So , I mean , we were there overnight , you know , two hours sleep and they were checking everybody , and you should 've heard all the -- the people that were mad .
Oh , I bet , yeah .
But , I mean , I --
A lot of them would 've been frustrated .
You understand why they 're doing it .
It 's frustrating even though --
I mean , there 's no intention --
-- you understand that the intention 's there to keep -- you know , to keep us safe .
But ...
So , you 're from -- you 're originally from Nebraska , but you 're not living in Oklahoma ?
