Oh , the Lakers , yes .
Yeah , she -- she follows them closely , which is , uh -- they have [inaudible ] disappointing , uh , season so far , but hopefully they can make it to the playoffs and , uh , try to get back to the form they were before .
What do you think of their hairstyles ?
Their hairstyle ?
Yes .
Oh --
And all their tattoos ?
Oh , well , you know , especially let me tell you one thing .
When you have enough money and you get bored , you have to do something .
Uh , you know , you have to do something , uh , dramatic , you know .
What they call ?
Yes .
So you can be -- probably sometimes I -- you know , like , if you have money , like yourself , you would say , like , if you 're a regular person , " If I have money , I 'll do this , I 'll do that " .
Mhm .
But them , they already have all their money they want and yet they still continue receive free things and , you know , they can travel any place they want .
So that 's when there is nothing left , just to do something , you know --
Yes .
-- dramatic .
Like , maybe if you would have money you would have traveled .
And traveling , it 's another hobby that if I can do , I would n't be -- I would be never tired of it , so ...
Oh , I agree .
I just got back from a trip to Russia --
Mhm .
-- about , oh , fourteen months ago , and it was absolutely fantastic .
Oh , you did -- mhm .
We were -- we were in Siberia .
Oh , you did ?
And -- yes .
Oh , so maybe you are comfortable then , if you can travel --
Well , I do it --
-- outside the country .
Have you heard of Rotary International ?
Uh , yes , I heard of -- I heard of it , yeah , mhm .
Yes .
Well , I traveled for Rotary , so --
Oh , you do ?
Yeah .
It 's , um , it 's fun .
I enjoy it .
Oh , that 's very good , yeah .
We do special projects over there and , you know , we 've got a -- a sister club in Palotka[ ?] .
Well .
So , what we did was we made sure that , um , we had a little bit of money for them , but we wanted to make sure they knew how to do things on their own .
Oh .
So , we were n't just giving them money , we were helping them --
Oh .
-- to improve their lifestyle .
And that would be something , you know , I would like to -- like , especially , you know , my country .
Originally , you know , I am from Haiti myself , so --
Mhm .
Uh , there are a lot of , you know , so many problems we have in our country , and when I see , like , things , you know , that people are throwing food away and all these little things , you know , you wish you could get -- you know , can close your eye and snap your fingers , then all these things can be over there .
