What is it they believe in , Allah ?
I -- they -- that 's what I was gonna say .
They do n't believe in -- I do n't -- I do n't -- I do n't know 'cause I never been there and I do n't knock nobody 's religion or beliefs --
-- but , I do n't think they serve the same god that we serve .
Right .
You know , I think they just serve this man or statue , or whatever , but god is not a statue .
Right , um --
-- uh , as a matter of fact my husband and I had this debate the other day , um , about -- because I was trying to explain to him what I had read about how , um --
-- they -- they believe that everybody over here in America is evil .
Uh , yeah , oh yeah --
Uh-huh .
That we 're just -- we 're evil , terrible people .
We -- we evil people , but they wanna come over here .
It 's hard to --
You know , I -- why you wanna come we so evil ?
Yeah .
You know , but I thank god that they come over here and receive --
Mhm .
Christ as their personal savior , but why are we so evil ?
What have we done that was -- that 's so evil to them ?
Bec- because we do n't believe what they believe in ?
That 's all I can imagine .
That 's all I can imagine that it could --
Mm .
-- well , and -- and -- what was it , Osama Bin Laden ?
Mhm .
He basically said that .
Mm .
That , um , we were the infidels because , um , we did n't worship their god .
Right .
I -- I mean , the word -- the -- the -- the word that I --
-- live by is , one god , one face , one belief .
Mhm .
And that 's he , himself .
Right .
That 's what I believe .
If -- if -- if -- if the bible tells me that and I read it , it 's gotta be true .
Right .
Well , and I do n't think I 've ever read in the bible where --
-- it says , " Go out and slaughter an entire country " .
No, it d- d- does not --
It does not --
It definitely does n't say that .
Exactly .
It does not say that .
So , um , I think -- on -- back onto the topic though , I think possibly peace can be achieved eventually , but I do n't think it 'll happen probably not even in my lifetime .
No, no it wo n't happen in my lifetime .
I 'm almost fifty years old and I do n't think that it will happen --
Well , I 'm --
-- during my lifetime .
-- I 'm almost thirty --
-- and I do n't think it 's gonna happen in mine either .
