-- a bunch of them got arrested for --
Really ?
-- for not having their papers in order , and sometimes --
Oh .
-- their papers really were n't in order , and sometimes it was just an administrative glitch , but --
Mhm .
-- you know , it makes me kind of upset for my friends who have to go through this and be treated this way .
Yeah .
I have n't experienced anything like that , it 's just , um , I guess for me when the war , the war -- the war -- yeah , when the war started , um , --
Mhm .
-- um , I , I have to cross a main bridge over here every day to go to work , and , you know , the day of there was all these helicopters around the bridge 'cause --
Yep.
-- they wanna keep an eye out and stuff , and then it 's just like , " Oh , I do n't wanna go to work anymore , I do n't wanna , you know , risk my life trying to work and all that kind of stuff" , and then later -- you know , that was just the first day , and then as the weeks went by there were n't any helicopters there , and I was just like , okay , I thought they were trying to protect us --
-- and now , you know , there 's nobody there , so...
Mhm .
But I mean , at first I was like , " Oh , what are they going to do up there , flying around , you know , that 's not gonna help us" , you know , we 're on the bridge and nobody else -- it does n't seem like they 're doing anything on the ground level , you know .
Mhm .
They 're just up in the air protecting whoever , I do n't know .
But , yeah .
That the only difference I 've seen , um , and then of course when I did travel a little bit , um , the security in the airports and all that , but sometimes I did n't feel they were being , um , very thorough with their checking .
Mhm .
Yeah .
Yeah , I heard an interesting thing recently , which is ah , you know how that guy tried to light his shoe on fire ?
Oh , a while ago , right ?
Yeah , yeah , a while back .
Uh-huh .
And , um , apparently one of the things you can still bring on to planes is lighters and matches and all sorts of other incendiary devices .
Really ?
Like , you ca n't bring toenail clippers , but you can --
I know .
-- you can bring a lighter .
Um , okay .
Yeah , that 's pretty weird .
Yeah , because , I mean , it 's still -- it could still be harmful to someone , you know .
Mhm .
Why would they -- they should n't even allow that because you 're not allowed to smoke on the airplane or anything , right ?
Yeah .
Yeah , well 'cause --
That 's kinda odd .
-- the reason the tobacco industry lobbied so hard to get it -- to get it allowed is because they wanted -- whoops .
