-- and that 's pretty much it .
That 's what -- what comes to my mind .
Yeah , like the gladiator .
It 's interesting , you know , the jousting and all that type of stuff but I do n't know .
Wow .
I -- I -- i- it -- it seems kinda of barbaric to us now because going and killing people for excitement .
I do n't know , I do n't think I would have enjoyed watching that .
I know .
I do n't think I would have either .
To even think about , like , their punishment .
I mean --
Ye- oh , yeah .
-- they had -- everything was , you know , public and --
Oh , yeah , stoning and all that type of .
I do n't think I could live through that .
No, I do n't think I could 've .
I do n't think I would have enjoyed watching that either .
But it seems like , you know , in the movies and stuff that they loved doing they chanted --
-- and , ah , I 'm more of a -- a lover not a fighter .
I do n't like --
Yeah .
-- all the blood and gore and type of -- nah , that 's not me .
Yeah .
Yay .
I know .
Me either .
So , this is your first time doing it ?
Yeah --
-- well I 'd had my name in it for a long time but , um , I kn- this is the first time I had a call so --
Yeah .
-- ah , are you in school ?
Um , currently not right now but I 'm starting back in the fall , yeah .
So -- I have family , like , goes to the University of Pennsylvania .
So , I was --
And are you from the United States ?
Yeah , actually , I 've lived everywhere .
Oh .
I 've lived in Japan .
I 've lived everywhere .
But , that 's because of military or -- it 's , like , everyone in my family 's been in the military at some point in time so --
Oh , really .
Yeah , I 've -- I 've been a military brat that 's why it was like some part of -- somewhat a -- a destined -- well , I do n't know , my dad -- it was really his dream for me to go in .
He 's still in .
Oh , really ?
Yeah , but thank goodness he 's not going over there .
Yeah .
But your son might ?
No. My --
Is that what you say ?
-- instruc - no I said , " Thank goodness he did n't go over there " .
And no my son wo n't .
He 's he 's only he 's --
He 's like three right ?
-- barely -- no .
Actually , excuse me , he 'll be a year in , like , a month .
Ooh .
Yeah .
Yeah .
That 's so exciting .
So , is this your first ?
