Well , I 'm mo-
You know , I mean , I 'm just using that as an example .
Well , I agree with you on that .
I think --
You know and so when --
I think a lot of these things are crazy .
When these , you know , when I get searched , um , I think my rights have been , um , voided and have been voided without an electoral process , um , you know , more by our dictator in power right now .
But anyhow , let 's back to the Middle East .
Let 's get back to it , let 's get back to it .
Well , i- if -- l- let me just [several inaudible words ] is that I agree with you on the issue of , you know , that certain of these rights are being done .
But the problem is , you know , there 's no dictator in power .
That wa - -- you know , there were elections , these are elected -- we do n't like the decisions that our government does but the fact is --
Right .
You know --
Um , I -- I --
-- in -- in two years or f - -- one year you can elect someone else and --
I sure hope so .
Yeah .
Of course , ah , you know , well , my husband would joke that , ah , you know --
-- it was a -- a -- a coup through , um , a brother in Florida .
Yeah , you kn- -- you know what ?
You tell your husband to get over it .
He 's got to -- he 's got to -- got to grow up .
All right .
[inaudible] .
Now , let 's get back to the Middle East --
Middle East .
-- and solve their problems , all right ?
So , you think , um --
Um , you know , I --
Do you Arab Israelis -- do you think , ah ... ?
I do n't think there will ever be peace .
Um , well , let 's say in my lifetime .
Um , I -- I could hope for it , ah , but , you know , you go back to the Middle Ages , I mean , the reason , you know , w- we say they were knights in , ah , honor and all this .
I mean , what we were invading and killing were , um , you know , Arabs .
Um , and so , you know , they have always been picked on and , um --
Whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa .
What happened l- l- -- you know , since you 're big on historical accuracy , w- w- -- the people that took over the holy land , h - how did that happen ?
At what time period ?
D- d -- did it happen through , ah , peaceful m - maneuver ?
Did those Muslims just take over nice and peacefully ?
Ah , they lived there first .
The Romans took over .
Exactly .
Bu-
But in that area those people throughout the Middle East , throughout those -- the area , you know , Syria , Lebanon , ah , wha - what 's now Israel , right , they were Christians for a while .
For a long time , right ?
So , I mean , w- we do n't have to say everything that , you know , that the Crusaders did w- was , you know , correct .
I 'm not going to defend them in all ways .
