Mm . No, nothing here , really , locally .
I -- I -- I recall some time ago on the news , um , something , a parent was complaining about a book or something that -- a magazine that was in the school that was pertaining to witchcraft , and I do n't really know what became of that , you know , if they took it out or what may have happened , but I -- I think in my mind that they had taken it out .
It was just some- something that was right in the school , like , that they could go --
Yeah .
-- to the , uh , library and look at it , but I think it had been removed .
But it was n't here locally , very locally .
It may have been in Pennsylvania , I do n't quite recall .
But , um
Well
A -- a complete censorship definitely would not , you know , that would not be good .
Our -- our country is founded in , you know , the rights that we do have and it ma - that 's what makes it great .
Yeah .
It 's for all the people .
Well , I feel the same way .
I think , uh , you know , there are some things in our country that can be improved upon but there is no place else I 'd rather live on earth --
Oh , definitely .
-- than America .
Right .
I think we -- I think , you know , a lot of times that people are -- who are griping about living here , if they would live in some of these third world countries --
I know .
-- I think they would appreciate what they have a whole lot more .
Exactly .
W- we are just so blessed here .
And , I mean , censorship is one of the -- the things that , you know , the openness that we have and the ability to make our own choices is what really makes our country great .
Exactly , yeah .
Uh , I do n't know how long we 're supposed to talk about this issue , I think it was something like eight or ten minutes --
Ten minutes , I think .
-- am I right ?
Right , yes .
So it should be pretty soon .
I have n't ever been on one of these before .
This is the second .
Have you done one of these ?
This is the second one I 've done .
Uh huh .
It 's very interesting , the other one --
It really -- it is .
Uh huh .
It is .
I mean , censorship , I mean , I -- I had heard last night that they were going to be talking about it and I was contemplating whether I wanted to get involved with it but you know , it seems like a really good subject because there -- there 's all different kinds of aspects that you could look at , you know , religious wise , uh , you know , the age -- I guess the age appropriate , schools normally do investigate and make sure that the material that their children do receive is age appropriate .
And a lot of people I have heard complain about sex education in schools .
But , you know , as long as it 's age appropriate I do n't have a problem with my daughter learning anything , you know , in , um , school as she gets older .
