it 's very dangerous .
Yes .
But the police picked him up for whatever charge -- I do n't know I did n't follow up with it but --
-- it just makes you feel like here in your country where you have the freedom to do all these wonderful freedoms that you have , it does n't seem like you have any freedom whatsoever .
Mm .
And that 's frightening .
It is .
That 's really frightening .
On- -- one of the things is I -- I did a lot of world travel before September eleventh and , um , when I had a vacation , um , since then I -- I said , " I 'm not going anywhere but to see the United States .
I wanna see some place here that I have n't seen " .
Right .
And I went out to , um , out to the , um , the Midwest and drove through Minnesota and South Dakota and took a couple of weeks out there and , uh , you know , I was looking at Oklahoma too , just saying , " I wanna see some -- a lot of nothing" .
And Oklahoma 's the place to go .
South Dakota was too .
I was amazed , you know , it took me all day to drive across the state .
It 's so flat here .
And it 's --
But --
And are you pretty far out in the country ?
No.
I actually -- I live next to Fortsome[ ? ]
Military Base .
Oh yeah , wild .
So , you do have a military connection of -- of some sort then ?
Right .
And when they buckled down after September eleventh they totally closed --
Yeah , you could n't get on the base .
Right .
Right .
Which , on one level having kids and being involved in soccer that 's where our soccer games were held was on their polo field .
Mhm .
So , our city people were scrambling around trying to find some place to put eight thousand people for soccer games and that was , for my kids , that they -- you know , they could n't understand about a terrorist attack but they knew their soccer had been disputed and , you know , " Oh my gosh we 're right here next to this military base and it 's an artillery base at that " and when they start doing their exercises with , uh , the Enola S system that they have --
Yes , mhm .
-- it sounds like World War Three around here .
Sure , sure .
Well , obviously you 're near a range , you can hear some of the hundred and five millimeters and things like that going off ?
I 've actually had pictures fall off my wall from the vibrations .
Wow !
It 's that close .
Now , are you -- are you married to someone in the military ?
No. My stepdad was military and I have a brother in law that 's military and we have several friends , of course , being next to a military base but , no , he 's , uh , into plumbing , which pays better than the military around here , so ...
