That could 've been it .
Yeah , that could 've been it .
I never even thought of that --
But --
-- that it happened in the morning .
Like , at eight for- -- eighty -- eight forty six , I think .
Yes , yes .
So , that 's midday to me , I get up about four fifteen and my work day starts at six thirty , so I was in it by then .
But , I 'm sure a lot of people -- well , I mean , I know a lot of people do n't get started until eight thirty or nine , so I 'm sure --
Is there a time difference where you are ?
I 'm on Eastern Standard Time , it 's six oh three right now .
Okay , it 's seven seven here --
-- so there 's an hour difference .
Um , I know when --
Can you put your time in , what time you wanted to talk on this ?
Yeah .
Because I was real , uh , the girl that tried to get me to sign up , I was very hesitant and , um , she said , " No , it 's real cool , you just put in the time " and I thought , " Okay" .
And then I start reading that , um , it 's going -- well , I could n't do it to my office because it 's automated and the person that answers the phone would never know that was for me .
So then I thought , " Well --" and I get up at four fifteen , so I go to bed kinda early .
So I said , " Well , six o'clock " and now that I 'm making dinner I 'm thinking , " Well , six o'clock might not be the best time " but then I start watching TV at seven , so I wanna be interrupted at seven !
So , I wonder how -- how many times -- so , does your understanding , you and I are gonna get ten dollars for this ?
Yes .
Okay .
You only do three phone calls but I 'm confused .
Like I said , I gotta call somebody 'cause --
-- I spoke to myself for ten minutes about September the eleventh .
To yourself .
I 'm sorry --
-- that was funny .
It is funny !
It is funny .
Um --
Uh , did you answer ?
No, I just --
Joking .
-- kept talking to myself .
That 's funny .
Thinking I was talking --
-- to somebody on the other end !
Oh , for goodness sakes !
I did n't know I was supposed to hear somebody .
Well , um , did you get your email ?
N- no , I do n't have email .
Well how did you sign up for this ?
My brother heard it over the radio .
And h - --
In Philadelphia ?
Yes .
And he told me to call .
Okay , then .
May I ask you a question ?
W- -- oh --
