I 'm like , uh --
Well , that 's --
-- I 'm still --
Actually the SARS scares me more than the terrorism .
Uh , in three weeks I 'm going to Israel for a month .
Oh , okay .
And that 's
Mm , yeah .
As I said , I 'm not the kind of person if I wanna do something I go ahead and do it so nothing changes .
[inaudible ] yeah , uh , 'cause I was thinking about taking a -- you know , the airplane ride being that they have that SARS going around and is it safe , you know ?
Well , exact- -- as I said that 's scares me more than going to the Middle East .
Mhm .
Um , what I 'm going -- you know , I 'm going to take a mask and gloves like everybody else for the plane ride .
Mm , yeah .
I do n't know it 's just the -- I mean if -- if you stop doing things you wanna do then you 're not living you 're not do - -- you know .
That 's exactly my attitude .
You just --
So , we really agree on that .
Yeah .
You know , I ca n't , uh -- my children and friends are saying , " Do n't go now " you know , but I wanna do this now and that 's what I 'm doing .
Then -- then they win if you stop doing anything --
Mhm .
-- all the things that you wanna do or that you normally do , they 've won .
I agree .
I absolutely agree .
You know , it 's like they said , you 've just gotta keep doing what you 're doing , you 're normal routine , do n't change -- I mean , of course , you know , if your neighborhood gets shut down then , you know , you have no choice but , you know , but to obey the rules but --
Right .
-- you know , but in things if you 're gonna take a trip , you take a trip .
Yeah .
I mean it 's like they say , " When it 's your time , it 's your time " it does n't , you know , really matter where , you know -- your plans because if you 're gonna go at a certain time then that 's it .
Yes , but I think you and I are in the minority here because I do n't say most people think that way .
I think most people do change their plans .
Mhm .
So , they -- they , um -- um , how do they say , uh , they 're -- they do n't choose to live their live -- uh , live as living dumb , kind of --
Yes .
Yeah .
Yes , yes exactly .
I 've never done this before and ten minutes is a very long time --
-- to talk one very specific topic .
Mm , yeah .
Also , um , what do you think should have replaced the buildings ?
Oh , well I 've seen the designs , um --
What did they decide on finally because -- or did they decide ?
