Because , see , out -- out of ten people I know , most of 'em will not fly since nine eleven .
Strictly because of , ah , the terrorism ?
Simply because of -- yeah , because of that and the fact that all the hassles you got to go through just to go to the airport and everything , but like I tell people , you got to go through the same hassles at Amtrak and at the Greyhound station .
Oh yeah .
I mean , it -- it 's pretty much ridiculous .
I mean , the majority of the people that -- that , ah , that need to fly will fly , you know .
Tickets are getting cheaper .
I think more and more people are coming back but I think right now the biggest deterrent is probably the SARS.
I know a lot of people are staying away from airports just because you get -- you can get people coming in from Hong Kong and on Beijing and all that .
Mhm .
They 're afraid to catch a , you know , lethal disease .
What are you looking for ?
Could you hold on just a second ?
Yeah .
How did you get in the back door ?
Okay , go ahead .
Sorry about that .
Oh yeah , no problem .
I mean -- I -- I just have a different take on it .
I mean --
Let me hear your take .
On , ah , security in -- in deterring , um , terrorism , I just think that -- a lot of it 's show and , I mean , there -- there 's really nothing anybody can do .
I mean , it pr- it probably makes it more difficult .
It keeps the low level , um , ah , terrorist or the -- basically the idiots from doing something , bringing something on the airplane but , you know , if somebody is determined to do it , you know , like , like you 're saying , somebody can make resin gun , you know , take an epoxy mixture , make a gun out of it , you know , ah , --
Uh-huh .
And then they can get it on , so I do n't know .
That 's , you know , it 's just interesting to see what other people think about it .
Yeah .
I have to agree .
I mean , do you honestly feel safe -- safer going to the airport ?
Well , it does n't bother me .
I mean , my -- my -- my -- my thing is if you 're going to go , you 're going to go .
I mean , you know , if it 's your time , it 's your time no matter where you 're at .
Exactly .
So I 'm not going to let something like that , you know , the fact that somebody might blow up the plane or have , ah , or crash into a building with the plane or whatever , if -- if I 'm on a plane and that happens , you know , and I ca n't do nothing to stop it , then it 's my time , it 's my time .
You know , I just hope I have everything in order when I go .
