You 're gonna have to go network .
In this --
Yeah .
-- environment people --
Oh , yeah .
-- are getting two hundred resumes per job .
Mhm , mhm .
And the only way you 're gonna find something is if you meet the person and , you know , and then they check out a portfolio of your work .
Mhm , yeah .
It 's not gonna be -- I mean , your chances are only thirty per cent that it 's gonna come to an online posting .
Yeah .
You 've got to get out there , you got to go to the event , you got to schmooze[ ?] .
Yeah .
-- and ...
I 'm still learning the ropes with that .
So check out N.Y.M.A.
In Boston it 's , um , -- have you heard of M.I.M.C. ?
No.
M.I.M.C. dot org .
That 's a , ah , new media --
Yeah , it 's a new media --
-- press group ?
-- organisation .
Dot org , okay .
Um , yeah , I 've been looking -- well , I look at -- I look at monster and those kind of workloads and I look at -- there 's some crew services work at school .
Mhm .
There 's job postings and that 's still a little -- still a little vague .
Especially people do n't go to Penn for --
Yeah .
It 's not what they do if you are from finance .
Right , exactly , and --
Have you checked out --
I 'm sorry , what did you say ?
There 's one more association you should check out , it 's R.Y.Z.E.
R.I.S.E ?
R.Y.Z.E.
R.Y.Z.E.
dot -- com --
Dot com .
And it 's a -- it 's a nationwide network of tech professionals .
Mhm .
So what did you do that you -- you know about all these , these groups ?
You worked in -- you said that you worked --
I worked at the New York New Media Association .
Right .
I was at the centre of the -- the whirlpool watching everything go down the tank .
That was the one , what , three years ago that was really -- I mean , did you guys start getting inklings of the -- of the way things were going long before it was , you know , front -- front page news or was it something that really shocked you even at some place like --
I started there in -- in May of two thousand .
Mhm .
-- so , it was really -- in hindsight it was after the bubble had burst .
Right .
And so , -- and I was there until March of two thousand and two when , you know , it just looked bleak .
Mhm .
So , my entire experience there was sort of watching things .
Wow .
Slowly , you know , slowly decline .
Mhm .
And , ah , what did you do before you went there ?
Um , before there I was doing web development stuff for , um , a company called The Renegade Marketing , produced Seekrems[ ? ]
Coolers dot com --
