It 's pretty funny .
That 's pretty amazing , yeah , yeah .
They 've -- they 've improved on , like , with their methods , I guess .
Right , right .
Though I ca n't say I like Bush very much .
He does n't seem to know what he 's doing half the time .
I totally agree with you there .
I did n't vote for him , and I know it 's very anti American to say stuff right now about him , but I 'm sorry , it 's a free country , and I just --
That 's right .
I do n't feel we went over for the right reasons , I do n't feel like it 's fully disclosed why we went over --
Yeah .
-- and , and I honestly -- if he was really doing it to free the people , then now he 'd be going -- you know , one of the biggest abusers of people is China , you know .
I mean , just think of Tiananmen Square and everything else that -- that has happened , and , and as far as people 's rights and , and people having no rights , and their civil rights being violated .
Yeah .
You know , China is pretty big on the list of violators , and you know we 're not going over ?
Because they can defend themselves .
No, I --
It 's true .
I truly believe that .
That , you know , that if he were really against , you know , -- he 's picking on people that cannot defend themselves .
You know , Iraq cannot defend themselves , and , and , you know , I mean , Korea started up the nuclear reactor --
Korea 's the fun- yeah , that , that 's the funniest thing .
You have n't seen us go after them , but you 've heard us talk a lot about Syria now , you know .
I mean , we only go after people who are easy targets .
So -- anyway .
I think he had a personal vendetta versus Iraq because they tried to assassinate his dad .
Right , right .
Which is n't right .
You do n't use the office .
That 's anti American , to use the office and to use so many people who are just so naive , that go , " Oh , America , America" , and he 's using all these sheep --
Yeah .
-- that just fall in line .
Right .
And it 's just -- that 's just as anti American to me as you can get .
It 's just to use all these people because you know they 're gullible .
You know .
And then , like , they have these -- I do n't know if the survey 's true , they say , like , that people think that Iraq is responsible for terror- all these terrorists attack .
They have not been able to conclusively prove anything .
They 've had to dance around it , every time it 's brought up they 've had to dance around it .
Well , we all know Iraq 's a bastard country , but it 's not --
Right .
It had nothing to do -- it did n't really care about America .
