Yeah .
So , we still have two -- I got rid of a Mia Ham[ ? ] jersey in Arizona --
Wow .
-- but I still have the whole team signed ball and the team signed poster --
But , um --
My husband would die for that .
-- we were in business , and you probably were too , in ninety four --
-- I think it was when the baseball strike was ?
Yup .
Yup .
And did n't that hurt your business ?
Oh , definitely .
And it took years to recover .
Did you have a store ?
Well , it was n't really our store , it was -- my brother was in the video business and we were , um --
Mm .
-- my husband works for the post office full time but on weekends , when he was off , he would go round the flea markets and he 'd always be looking at cards and -- and , um , he -- he would be a lot slower than me looking --
-- at the cards and --
-- we 'd be there , like , all day .
And I was , like , " Well , jeeze , if we 're going to hang around the flea market all day we might as well set up a table and --"
There you go .
-- see if we can sell any stuff" .
So , he was like , " Okay" .
And also I was also watching him buy a card here and there to complete the set and kinda --
-- scoffing at what he paid for a card .
And he 's like if you only need one or two to complete a set it 's worth it to buy it , blah , blah , blah .
And I 'm like , you know , it 's a piece of paper , it seems silly to me --
Come on .
-- so it was kinda like , it was started as a dare that he was going to show me he could sell his cards and we set up a table --
-- one Sunday , early in the morning , and I brought a bunch of my old records and he brought his baseball cards and some other stuff hanging around the house and we both did quite well .
And then it became more cards and let 's do it again and the more he 'd sell , the more he 'd buy and then my brother needed someone to cover Sundays in his store and I 'm like , " Oh , we really hate to give up the flea market " and he was like , " Well , you could sell stuff in store " .
Um , he had two stores at the time and he 's like , " A girl who works in my Springvale store --
"-- does a side business out of the store " .
And , uh , the thought was really appealing because doing flea markets , you know --
-- the weather can be unpredictable .
Oh , definitely .
I was really a pain trying to keep the sun off the cards .
