And , um , I -- I -- I -- I do n't buy everything that 's -- that 's -- that 's being written .
I just do n't buy it .
There 's too many oddities and I honestly think that our government has had a hand in it .
Mhm .
I really do .
I mean , there -- there 's -- there 's too many things -- that 's -- that 's what scares me .
I mean , you know , if foreigners came here and did it because they hate us or whatever , that 's scary enough .
Right .
But to think that our government could have -- could have some kind of a cover up , I mean , it does n't make any sense to me , just different things like , uh , out of all the different airports that all these planes came from , they cannot provide one picture of any of these terrorists in any of the airports with all those security cameras ?
Right .
That 's true .
I mean , that -- that does n't make any sense to me .
Right .
And -- and , you know , they wanted an independent investigation , uh , of -- of what was going on and I -- I just -- I -- I do n't know , you know , it never did come about .
I just -- I just do n't understand .
Mhm .
So , tha - --
I think one thing that upset me a lot was the community that the whole nation was on September twelfth went away really quickly , and I just keep praying that I 'll never forget how I felt on September eleventh because I 'm a friendly person but it seems out in public , you know , other people are n't , and that first two weeks , you know , we were all saying hi to everybody and " How are you ? " and meant it .
And that , I think by Christmas , was gone , and that was really sad .
Yeah .
I mean , it should n't take a tragedy like that to have people act that way , but I think it should 've been that way anyway .
I agree , I agree .
I -- I , uh , my brother does n't live even ten miles from me and , you know , we -- we might talk twice a year and it 's , you know , and since that happened , I , you know , I make frequent calls , I -- I see how he 's doing , I go up and see him .
Well , that 's great .
Um , I do n't know , I think -- I think it kind of changes your perspective on what 's important .
It really did , it really did .
I thought I knew what was important , but , um , I -- I had it half wrong , I would say .
And now it -- the only thing that is important , what I make my priority , is how will this affect the family , and , is this good for the family ?
And --
And it -- and -- and with younger children too , it makes you wonder just what kind of future do they have ?
