I never knew that .
Yeah , but I do n't know what else to say on the subject .
I know , it 's kind of hard -- hard .
Ten minutes is a long time for that .
Ten minutes to -- to talk on that subject .
Yeah , exactly .
Well , why is it that the inter- -- why do you think it is that the international players make less money ?
International players make more money in the sport of soccer though .
Mhm .
Because I -- in my opinion , I 'm pretty sure it 's true that soccer is the number one sport in the world .
Oh , soccer is number one sport in the world ?
Yeah , it 's just not number one in the States .
Oh , okay .
But every -- every country around the world plays soccer .
But do we actually have a soccer team ?
Yeah , we have a soccer league in -- in America but it 's just not -- it 's not -- it 's not as popular at all .
Mhm .
I mean if -- if you look at the players , a lot of the players , the [inaudible ] Europe , they have the best leagues of soccer .
Mhm .
And I do n't think they have salary caps either so they --
Wow .
-- can pay their players as much as they want .
But a lot of the retired players from Europe come over to the States and play in the American league .
Mhm .
Because it 's not -- the talent is n't here .
The talent is in Europe or other places .
Mhm .
So this is more popular , but , yeah , the soccer players internationally get a lot of money --
Mhm .
-- specifically in Europe .
Right , I did n't know that .
Yep.
I actually --
-- would n't even think , you know -- I did n't even think about soccer actually when they said that .
Yeah .
You know , when they brought up the subject because , like , you said it 's not too popular here .
Right , not at all .
It got a little bit popular during the last World Cup and -- and , ah , USA made it into the play offs but --
But that 's all .
They did n't get very far .
We did n't win though , we just made it to the play offs ?
Yeah .
Well , I guess that 's better than nothing .
Yeah , exactly .
It got a little bit popular for that but the popularity went down real quick .
Mhm , wow , did n't last long , huh .
Yeah , did n't last long at all .
I like to play soccer so I hoped it was going to go up but it did n't work out .
So , do you think that if we actually start paying our players a lot , do you think we have as many people who would participate in sports if their salaries were actually less ?
