-- the pornography and just , you know , I -- how do you do that ?
How do you keep it out of their -- their sight and out of their schools and ?
And you ca n't .
B- at least to me a beginning always is in the home .
If you --
Definitely .
If you teach your child that that exists , because it does --
Mhm .
Uh , but then offer then - m - -- them an alternative or a , um , a very plausible explanation or reason why they should not participate in that -- in that behaviour .
Mhm .
Uh , then half of the battle is won .
Right .
But then they 're faced with peer pressures .
You know , peer pressures that say , " Oh come on , try this , let 's do this " um , you know , and -- and they get wrapped up into the -- the -- the fun of it , right now .
You know , they do n't think about the long term consequences and --
Sure .
-- and that 's where they end up with problems .
But , um , I -- I really think that they need to censor , uh , use more filters in what they 're putting on the internet , you know , um , I do n't think children should have access or be able to accidentally drop into a site where , uh , they should n't be .
I agree .
You know .
I -- I think they 're setting theirselves up for a disaster , either , uh , by some pervert or , um , you know , online or in public , you know , they could be blotched and , um , I really think they need to find a way to filter it where the kil- kids just do n't happen to stumble into it .
Right .
Certain passwords or something .
Mm .
And -- and that 's gonna be very hard to regulate .
Mhm .
Very hard .
So I -- I guess it would come down to filters in the home .
Yeah .
Through the by your home computer ?
Yeah .
Yeah , that 's a good idea though .
I do n't have it on my computer yet but my little girl does n't really have , uh , uh , that much to do with it right now , she 's just starting to get the feel of computers and -- and --
How old is she ?
She is eleven .
Okay .
Mhm .
Do you have children ?
My son is thirty one .
Oh well , you know what , my oldest daughter is thirty three .
And you have an eleven year old ?
Yeah , I have a thirty three and twenty nine and , uh , eleven .
Yes , there 's --
Wow !
-- eighteen years between my babies !
Wow !
Started all over .
[several inaudible words ] .
Yeah .
So how was that ?
Oh , it 's great !
Is it ?
It is wonderful .
Okay .
So you 've got the energy to -- how old are you ?
