Mine had something to do with , uh , uh , sports figures and how much they get paid and whether they -- whether they should go on strike .
It was kind of a weird conversation and I did n't really know where to take it .
Yeah , I would n't know what to say about that either --
And --
-- 'cause I 'm not into sports .
-- this one 's kinda the same thing .
I mean , you know , peace in the Middle East .
My god , if we had those answers --
Right .
-- we 'd be in a different job than , uh --
Uh-huh .
-- or doing something else .
Yeah .
Um , the -- did -- when this is all done d- d- -- is there any questions that they ask you or anything like that ?
Or you just -- they just say , " You can hang up now " , or something "
It said , um -- it 'll come on --
-- and say , " You have thirty seconds left to complete your call" .
I see .
And then you just say , " Goodbye " and then that 's it .
And do you just specify what time of day ?
Did you pick two o'clock as the time for th - -- for th - -- for you to get the call ?
Yeah .
Well --
-- in b - -- I think it was like in between two and five or something .
Oh , I see .
So , then you do n't know .
You could get it at any time in between --
Oh , I see .
-- that timeframe .
I see .
And you are paid for this , I hope ?
Yeah , did you get your pay check yet ?
No, I have n't .
Okay , my first one I got a check already .
Oh , that 's great .
Yeah .
Um , I think that I opted out of being paid because I think it has something to do with the company that I work for --
Oh .
-- and instead they asked us to waive being paid , but they would put us into a pool --
Oh , okay .
-- and maybe select some winners for something or other .
Oh .
So , I just thought it would be the right thing to do , um ... Do the right thing for the company and just get involved .
But , when the phone rings , my first reaction is , " You know , this is a weird phone number , who 's calling me ? "
And then I hear the topic and I go , " Oh , I just feel like hanging up .
I do n't wanna do this " .
I know , that 's what I was thinking --
-- until they called .
' Cause the first call actually was like two months ago and then I have n't had any since .
Oh , really ?
Yeah .
Oh , wow .
So , it was really odd .
