-- and to understand what they went through it -- to me it 's just fascinating .
Yeah , I think that you 've sort of , ah , put an interesting perspective on what 's going on now .
Yeah , I would just love to go back and see what my family , you know , way back before me -- I 'm talking like a hundred and -- actually , my family tree I 've gone back about two hundred and fifty years .
And to just go back and see what they lived like back then .
Mhm .
You know , compared to our modern things we have nowadays .
Mhm .
But , well , what would you choose ?
Is it in the history --
-- line or ... ?
Um , I would probably choose to do something more along , ah , sort of a tough core engineering background and apply myself to the classes I would need to have taken earlier on .
Yeah .
Or I might have even choose -- chosen to , ah , not go directly into the university but to start in , ah , like a community college .
Okay , so this is hard .
Yeah .
Talking to a stranger .
So , if you really reg- going to go back in time , say ten years ago --
Mhm .
-- what would you have been doing ?
Ten years ago ?
In that case I would have only been , like , ah , just a teenager so ten years ago I 'd probably have , ah , tried to have been a little more outgoing and enjoyed being a kid more .
Yes .
Me too .
I was very , very shy back when I was a kid , but --
Mhm .
-- I 've kinda overcome that now .
Yeah .
I was much shyer as a child than I am now .
What would you do if you could have gone back , ah , like fifteen years ?
Back fifteen years ?
Mhm .
Um , I definitely would have made some different decisions in my life .
Well , it -- it 's kind of hard to say .
Going back fifteen years right now , knowing what I know now , would have totally changed everything I ever did .
Mhm .
Back then , you know , I thought I was doing the right thing and ...
What do you know now that would have , ah , changed your decision or changed your -- what you would have done ?
Hello ?
Are you still there ?
[inaudible ]
You 're cutting out really bad .
I 'm getting a lot of static .
Can you hear me now ?
Okay , yeah , I can hear you .
Okay .
Alright , w-
Yeah , if you --
-- and what was your question ?
Um , what do you know now that would have changed your decision fifteen years ago ?
Oh , how hard life really is .
Yeah .
If I could only tell my kids what they 're really in for .
You know , I do n't mean so much hard times and what 's going on in the world right now , but just simply when you go out and you want to get your own apartment --
