Oh .
Um , and those three issues pr- were written in Oslo that they would n't be dealt with until later .
Mhm .
Because no one wanted to deal with them but the problem is that those are the issues .
Exactly .
The ones that no one can agree on and that 's why in the end Oslo fell apart because , um , you could n't -- there got to a point where you had to deal with those issues and they were becoming so problematic that you were having more and more unrest and that [inaudible ] and then it was over , you know .
Mhm .
So I do n't know .
I mean , they 're talking more about peace talks but I think it 's going to be interesting to see how , um , Iraq and what 's going on there plays in .
Yeah .
You know .
Definitely .
Um , because that 's -- that 's a big unknown .
I mean , it 's not -- it 's not that it 's necessarily -- it 's just -- it 's a close enough part of the region that whatever happens there will affect the situation .
Mhm .
And I think globally people seem to think of them being very int- maybe even more intertwined than they really are , um , but ...
Yeah .
I just -- I just find it so hard to tell , like , the Arab leaders , you know , they 'll say one thing at the , um , at the diplomacy table and then turn around and , you know , just to save face in front of their people so they do n't , you know , get assassinated .
Right .
They 'll authorize ten more suicide bombings or , I do n't know , yeah , it 's just so hard to -- to really take what people say at face value .
Mhm .
Well , I think with the suicide bombings though you have a situation where it really does n't matter what the leadership says because all it takes is one person strapping some stuff to them .
And there are fanatics on both sides .
I mean , I think that -- I mean most people , you know , whose ideology is n't that strong are -- like , they wo n't compromise .
People who live there do n't want to , you know , live , you know , um , fearing for their lives every single day .
Right .
You know , but it 's just the fanatics who --
Right .
-- who are just blinded to all reason .
I mean , on both sides most people by far want to just live their lives in peace .
I mean , of course , and I -- I mean , I 'm definitely biased towards Israel that I -- I have to say , you know , they 're -- they 're -- I mean , Israel is not blameless either .
I look at , you know , Rabin got assassinated by one of his own people , you know .
Absolutely , and there had been -- I mean , you know , Is - Israel for whatever it 's done is also a product of Britain 's decisions .
