And we prob - -- I have probably about twenty five hundred buildings that , uh , I work with , uh , um , the facility maintenance guys that take care of the buildings --
Uh-huh .
-- and , uh , do all the purchasing , all the , you know , the things that they use , uh , in the chapel .
It sounds like a lot of ordering .
It -- it is --
-- uh , there 's a lot of contract work too we -- we try to , you know , we set up con- -- national -- try to set up national contracts .
We have probably in the United States and Canada , between nine and ten thousand chapels .
Uh-huh , wow .
And so , there 's a group of about -- our group that handles all those buildings , we have one -- oh , about twelve , fifteen of us that handle all those buildings .
Wow , incredible .
So -- and that includes building the new ones .
They -- they build about , oh , between two hundred and fifty and three hundred new chapels every year .
So , when you say chapel , do you mean like a church ?
Like a --
Yeah , a church , uh-huh .
Yeah , yeah --
Yeah , a church building .
-- and -- and you said there 's nine thousand in North America ?
Uh-huh .
Wow .
Well , y- as a matter of fact my father was born in Salt Lake City .
Was he really ?
Yes , and , um , my -- let 's see , um , my great grandparents , uh , were Mormons that came over from like Wales , I think .
Wow .
They were Welsh miners who were converts who came over -- oh , gosh , and I -- I ca n't remember my genealogy too much , but it must 've been around like the turn of the century or something , you know , and , um , they , uh , they -- they settled in Salt Lake City and actually my father was born in Bingham Canyon up --
Uh-huh .
There 's a big copper mine .
Yeah .
And , um , and then they immigrated out to California during the depression because there was like no work .
Wow .
And so they immigrated out to , uh , California , so -- a - and I 've actually been to , yeah , Salt Lake City a couple of times and saw where my fa - -- before the copper mine , um , uh , made the city disappear I actually saw the -- the city where he was born --
Wow .
-- so , um , yeah .
Yeah , my , uh , yeah , Kennicutt Copper is the one --
That was it .
-- owns it -- owns it now , yeah .
In fact my brother in law works -- he works in the treasury office for 'em .
Oh , really ?
Yeah .
Yeah , all these , I mean , all these -- I 'm originally from Idaho .
I 'm from Blackford .
Uh-huh .
Up Idaho way stuff[ ?] ,
but --
And then you moved out to Salt Lake ?
