But , I mean , I -- I knew people that knew people but it did n't really have such a close to home effect on me .
Right .
Now you think if you would have actually known someone , you think your life -- you would have changed your life at all ?
I -- not long term .
No, I do n't think so either .
I , ah , -- I mean , I still go about my life -- I do have to admit though I -- I -- am , um , -- I 'm more aware .
I mean , I -- I -- I 'm more aware of my surroun- -- oh , yeah , one change , I do carry a cell phone with me all the time and I have programmed in my , ah , my wife 's telephone number and my daughter 's cell phone number and I 've asked her of course to , ah , you know , to -- to always keep their cell phones on , just in -- if God forbid anything were to happen again I could get in touch with them , I guess , because , um , I think that would be important if anything were to ever happen , I -- I would like to be able to -- I , you know , the accounts of the people being able to call their loved ones , uh , I thought was kind of comforting , I guess , to a certain extent , you know .
Yeah .
But , ah , I do n't know , I wo n't -- I guess I just wo n't -- I do n't want to believe that they can -- they can win , they can beat me I guess is what it amounts to and if I give in then I will -- I mean , like , remember all that stuff just recently with the , ah , you know , putting the , ah , plastic up around your house and all that kind of -- I thought that was kind of silly , did n't you ?
I did n't even hear about that .
I try not to watch the news .
Oh , there you go .
Wh - -- Where are you from ?
Um , Michigan .
Oh , you 're in Mich-, see I 'm on the east coast , I 'm near , um , -- are you familiar at all with -- I 'm near , I 'm in Trenton , near Trenton New Jersey .
I 've heard of Trenton .
Okay , so , like , right after the , um , you know , the thing that happened with the , ah , -- with nine one one was the anthrax scare .
Oh , yeah .
Well , guess what , we have a major , um , postal , um , distribution , I guess is what they call it here , well those letters came out of that -- that postal , um , distribution plant , I guess for want of a better word .
So there was that little scare too that , ah , I do have to -- yeah , I do remember now .
My wife does handle mail at her place of business and at that time she was near Princeton .
They have since moved and , ah , she did -- I went out and bought her plastic gloves and she did wear , ah , you know , a face mask and all that kind of stuff just in case something wa - -- was to happen .
But even at that , knowing that it was right in the area , you know , they -- they actually arrested some people in this area , um , um , concerning the anthrax and I do n't know , I just figured yeah , I 'm not gonna worry about it , you know , um , I 'm gonna go about and live my normal life and , ah , that 's the way it is .
I 'm just trying to think what else I 've , ah , -- what else I 've done .
Other than the cell phone , put some water away , other than that , that 's about it .
I -- I 'm not gonna let 'em beat me , right ?
