Yes . And , uh --
Because people thought , you know , ai n't nothing gonna happen in America , you know , we 're too secure but --
That 's right .
-- look what happened , you know .
That 's right .
It proved that things can happen over here too .
That 's absolutely right .
I mean we have more security than , you know , China or Iraq or -- you know , but that does n't mean that , um , nothing 's gonna happen in America .
No, it did .
You know , they [inaudible ] -- they proved to us that , um , that we were n't secure enough .
You know , we 've always opened our borders to other people --
Yes , ma'am .
-- um , look at how many have come through Ellis Island , you know , and not just Ellis Island .
I -- they 've come through Houston and everywhere else .
My ances - ancestors came over , you know --
Yes , ma'am .
-- but it 's -- it 's -- we have -- have opened our arms , so to speak , to some of this .
Now , then we have to be aware that it can happen .
That -- that just because someone comes to this country does n't mean they 're all coming for the good .
That 's right because there is bad here .
Sure .
There is bad .
There 's lots of it .
And there 's -- there 's lots of bad all over the world it 's --
And people bring things from overseas over here --
Yep , yep.
-- just like , what is it , sours[ ? ] spoors[ ?] .
SARS ?
The -- the disease --
The SARS , yes --
-- or whatever .
Right .
Just like that .
It came from China .
Yeah .
And now it 's in California --
Uh-huh .
-- and it 's all --
It 's --
-- to the west of us .
Yep.
It 's -- it 's -- it is a problem and it is something that we , you know , we all have to face .
I thi- -- I think that we all -- all need to be woke up .
We all need to be aware of what 's , you know , happening around us , what , um , what is potential , uh , to happen around us .
Yes , ma'am .
Um , and I think -- I -- I think for the most part the peop - -- the people of the United States are prepared for that .
Yes , ma'am .
Um , you know , you ca n't do anything without losing lives , unfortunately .
That 's right .
You -- you know , in these kind of situations .
They 're usually dire enough that , um , you 're going to lose some life and --
Yes , ma'am .
-- just like we did on September eleventh and that 's a -- that 's the price that we all have to pay for , you know , for freedom .
Yes , ma'am .
What upsets me the most is , um , September eleventh , it happened what , two year ago ?
