And he was actually writing for an audience of princes , so he was , you know , telling them what they wanted to hear so they 'd pay him .
Mhm .
But it 's a -- it 's a classic in political thought .
Now , it 's also , uh , amoral , you know , to the point of being , oh , you know , you do n't -- you 're not too sure you wanna turn this kinda ideal loose on -- on undeveloped minds .
Mhm .
Um , Carl Marx , uh , has done , in his book on --
That 's psychologist is n't it ?
Uh , um , no .
Freud was the psychol- psychology guy .
I just remember -- I remember that name sounds familiar from when I had a psychology class .
Marx , or
Well , he was involved with that too but he was basically in c - in , uh , communism .
Okay .
You know , he did some -- he was a German guy and did some work , uh , beautiful work , in economic theory regarding the uses of capital , money .
Mhm .
And then the , uh , the communist party formed using his ideas and -- and Lenin was the more political one .
Mhm .
But the ideology was Marxist .
It 's like saying American political thought that the ideology is Adam Smith 's , um , uh , wealth of nations or something .
Mhm .
Which is capitalism .
And it -- it -- you know , you pretty much like to contrast 'em .
But , if you turn something like that loose on a high school kid that is against the control elements in his own society --
Mhm .
-- they 're liable to hook onto anything that 's against what they 're against .
And just gonna run with it and
Yeah and -- yeah .
And this is why --
Yeah .
-- you know -- you get your Russian teenagers would -- would advocate capitalistic ideas just because their --
They 're against communism , yeah .
-- parents were communists !
You know , it had nothing to do with the rightness or wrongness of the -- of the system .
It just serves their purpose at that time , so
Yeah , well , you know , kids wanna rebel and they 'll rebel against whatever they 've got --
Yeah .
-- to rebel against .
So , you know , you ca n't really take 'em too seriously .
But this is how they learn to be serious .
Yeah , but also , I guess censorship kinda promotes rebellion too , do n't you think ?
Well , yeah --
-- forbidden fruit tastes sweeter and all that stuff .
And if --
Yeah .
-- you ca n't , you know , if you ca n't get good biological information without a lot of +foof around school --
Yeah .
-- you 're gonna wind up doing your research in Playboy .
Yeah .
Which , uh , you know , for adults is one thing but for -- for kids it 's , um , you know too much fantasy and not enough reality !
