Mhm .
We kind of like insulted the UN by saying that we do n't need their help and that even if they do n't comply with us we 're going to , you know , go against what they say and go into Iraq and , you know , aggressively take action or whatever .
Right .
But , like , you know , that kind of scared me because , I do n't know , it 's -- what 's the UN for ?
I mean , it was created so we can have like a global -- I do n't know what I want to say here .
No, I totally know what you mean .
If -- you know , what 's the point of having such an organisation if you 're not going to abide by its wishes and agree with the group consensus about --
Yeah .
-- what 's the right thing to do ?
Yeah , and I think it 's good that we have , you know , a place where we can all send somebody and , you know , we can all talk about it .
Right .
But , I do n't know .
I just -- we kind of did n't even think twice about it .
About just going against what they said , or what they advised .
Yeah .
But , I do n't know .
And we 've been doing that for a while , like refusing to go with international rules about environmental standards and about getting rid of land mines .
Like we would n't sign onto the anti landmine bill and , you know , all these kind of things that we 're just kind of getting more and more estranged from the international community .
It 's really kinda scary , I think .
Yeah , that is true .
What other things about this were there ?
Hm , you know what ?
What 's the -- what 's the situation over there right now ?
Uh , in Iraq ?
Mhm .
Um , I -- well , the person who 's -- who Bush chose to be the -- the civil commander until we get an actual Iraqi government in place --
Mhm .
-- just arrived like yesterday so , I guess --
-- the first thing is he 's gonna be -- he said he was trying to , you know , get the water and electricity back on --
Mhm .
-- and get food distributed was his first priority and -- and then move onto , uh , you know , more complicated things I guess in getting the government set up , but --
Yeah .
-- he 's already getting criticized for something or other .
Okay .
So , uh -- oh , one thing is that he just took so long to get there .
Like why did he -- why was n't he there weeks ago ?
Yeah , that 's true .
But , I guess he had other things to do .
I do n't know .
Mhm .
Hm .
That 's the last thing I heard .
Well , that 's okay .
And they have n't found any like weapons of mass +destruction or anything , right ?
