Well , I mean , like , the new , um , Harry Potter things .
If -- I think they think -- you -- as a parent you should talk to your child about it , about what’s real and what’s not .
Right , exactly .
That’s -- that ’s more like a discernment issue .
Mhm .
You know ?
And then kids , they do get , um , absorbed in things , you know .
But it ’s just like television , though .
It is , and I’d prefer that they be absorbed in a book than flickering --
Mhm .
-- images on a screen .
Me too .
You know ?
Because at least they’re doing their reading skills and learning new words and stuff .
And imaginations .
Their --
I’m thinking , when I was a child and I read the Tolkien series for the first time , I was pretty captivated and I still enjoy it as an adult .
Mhm .
You know ?
But nobody ever tried to tell me I could n’t have that !
You know ?
Mhm .
And that ’s a fantasy .
But --
Has anybody ever tried to keep anything from you ? Did your parents --
No.
-- let you read freely ?
No, they did n’t keep anything for -- from me .
What part of the country are you in ?
Uh , I’m in Arkansas .
Oh , okay , and I’m in Georgia , so we’re kind of in , sort of similar neighborhoods in a way , as far as , you know --
Mhm .
-- being in the bible belt .
Mhm .
You know .
I’m not , um , I remember my mom taking Gone With The Wind away from me and then later she tried to take Summer of Forty Two , but I got it back .
And if you did n’t read that , that had -- that was probably about sexual content that she was disturbed .
Hm .
And then when you don’t understand things about it --
Mhm .
-- about what you’re reading , as you’re reading it , it does n’t do that much harm --
Mm .
-- I don’t think .
No.
It did n’t hurt me , I mean , with that book , Summer of Forty Two .
I mean , as long as it ’s age appropriate .
Yeah .
But these things were not regarded as age appropriate .
Oh .
You know , that was -- that was probably why she was trying to protect me from that .
Yeah .
Because they were pretty mature .
I mean , Gone With The Wind for an eight year old , you know ?
Yeah , true .
She had some issues with that .
But I still -- I st- I went and got it , I slipped and read it anyway .
At the public library .
Because I could n’t stand it , I was halfway through it !
Well , yeah , I m - once you get hooked in a book it ’s hard to just put it down .
