You know --
-- and perceptions of people .
I 'm sorry to interrupt but I thought of something that I really , ha -- this -- this sounds so , um , petty but it 's something that -- it 's a behaviour that I 've changed since then and , um , it actually was that , um , I was growing my beard out last year and I noticed that I got a lot of -- because I have dark hair --
Ahah .
-- and I 'm dark complexioned and , ah , I noticed that , like , you walk into the supermarket and everybody 's head turns , you know --
Sure .
-- because I have like a bushy black beard .
Yep.
And it really made me uncomfortable because I sensed it like everywhere I went .
What -- what is your ethnic background ?
Um , I 'm from Puerto Rico so I have tall , dark , you know -- I 'm easily mistaken .
Right , so you have like an olive to dark skin complexion .
Right .
Sure .
And , ah , it made me really uncomfortable .
I go to the library a lot and I just got sick of , you know , literally all the heads turn , you know , and you can just sense kind of like --
You see , I did n't have to deal with that at all because I 'm blonde and blue .
Yeah , ah .
They pretty much left me alone because there have n't been many swedes that have come over here --
Right .
-- and blown shit up .
Right .
Um , but , yeah , that -- I know , um , I know this one Pakistani guy who because of his accent was being looked at , you know , in terms of , you know , when he was out and stuff like that .
Yeah .
And at that time the Pakistanis were like our friends , I mean they were helping us --
Right .
-- get into Afghanistan and stuff .
Um , yeah , I can -- I can see that as -- as being something that would be a real -- real change that you would have to make .
Yeah , it [inaudible ]
I know that -- that many Arabs here have changed their , um , -- in -- in -- in the first few months they changed their -- their patterns of shopping and things like that and there were volunteers that would go with them , like when the women had to go to the supermarket or the kids --
Mhm .
-- had after school or whatever because there was some , ah , um , retribution that was looking to be exacted on these people that , ah , volunteers who were completely non arabic looking would go with them --
Mhm .
I --
-- just to help keep them safe and stuff .
I heard about stuff like that on TV and , by the way , I did want to , ah , comment on what you said and -- about it being for most of America sort of like a TV show .
