No.
No ? I do n't think so either , just like they will never find Osama .
Yeah .
I mean , even if they could produce some , like -- like teeth that matched his dental record .
But they ca n't find anything .
Yeah .
And that 's a ...
Yeah .
Like a - after nine eleven they were finding -- they found at least something of somebody , you know --
Yeah .
-- to match up who was missing and everything like that .
But this , I mean , there was what , like -- there could n't have been twenty people in that house .
No.
How hard would it be to find anyone .
Really , yeah .
Somebody probably gave 'em a heads up and they probably took off .
Yeah , 'cause there 's , like , hidden tunnels under the whole city and stuff from what I understand .
Yeah , that 's what I understand too .
Yeah , we 'll have to see how it goes .
I -- I think there will be another dictator to take Saddam 's place .
Yeah .
If not -- if not there , somewhere else .
I mean , there 's gonna -- there 's always gonna be another dictator right behind him .
Yup .
Just like we 're having problems with , what is it , like , Korea , I think ?
Yes , yeah , and their nuclear weapons .
Yup .
Yeah , bu- -- and , ah , Bush is now saying that -- that Syria is -- possibly has chemical weapons and , ah --
-- um , is , ah , hiding out the , ah , the Iraqis .
Yeah .
See , Bush 's problem is he 's going to take on too many things at one time .
We 're going to be fighting Korea , Syria , Iraq and Osama Bin Laden --
-- all in one swoop .
Yup , exactly .
He 's biting off more than he can chew .
Yup .
And we do n't have that many people to back us up .
No, we do n't .
We do n't .
No, but -- and I can understand that .
I mean , they do n't want to get involved .
They do n't want , you know , people to start attacking their country .
Yeah , I mean , France , they , ah -- I -- I think that they should 've at least been behind us but other than that I do n't see why anyone else would .
Yeah .
You know .
Yeah .
Considering we kept them from being taken over in World War One and World War Two ...
Yup .
I figured --
Yup , they should 've backed us up but they did n't .
I disagreed with that one too but the other ones , yeah .
Russia , they have no reason to .
I mean , we were at the cold war for how long ?
Yeah , God , like two decades , three decades .
Yeah , I mean --
Forever .
We 've pretty much gotten involved in some of the most pointless wars in history .
