-- ah , I seen on there where they said some of 'em was getting paid and stuff and --
Did you --
So --
When did you sign up ?
Recently or ... ?
Ah , no , it 's been a while .
Okay , yeah .
Yeah , it was a good little while .
So , it was a good little while before you ever got paid too , right ?
Yes , yes , a couple of months or so .
Yeah , see , that 's the way with me too , so --
But , I mean , ten bucks , you ca n't argue with it .
I wonder -- I wonder if it 's our tax dollars at work , you know , that 's paying --
Right .
Got to figure that somebody is .
That 's right , it --
Has to be .
So it 's got to be a grant from somewhere .
Yeah , yeah .
I actually , ah -- I actually run a mailing list with a few hundred people on it so I sent out the r- -- link last week and I said , you know , " Why do n't you sign up and , you know , and put my name down , put my number down as the referral code" .
Well , we 'll see if I get any money out of it .
Right , yeah .
That 's right , because there is .
They -- they pa-
Lists where people are supposed to post great deals and , you know , good , you know , deals on line .
And we have n't really had any .
It 's -- it 's been sort of weak , you know , on the list .
Yeah .
And plus I had told people that they could n't post things with referral codes in them .
And then all of a sudden , you know , I 'm posting this , so I felt a little guilty .
But nobody complained which probably means that nobody reads it anymore .
Yeah .
Do you get on , ah , the computer --
If somebody read it maybe I 'll get ten bucks out of it .
Yeah .
Do you get on the computer and do any surveys on there ?
Sure .
Oh , I do too , yeah .
Lots of 'em .
I spent -- that 's what I 'm doing on there .
I do on there -- any way to -- you got to make a dollar now to --
Might as well , right ?
You aint a kidding .
Where do you make your -- where do you make your money on - on - -- ah , online ?
Do you go to Greenfield , I guess , and , ah --
Oh , I do that , yeah .
I do that .
Do you do Savvy ?
Yeah , I think so , yeah .
Yeah .
I do that one and I do , ah , Consumers ' Corner and I do , ah , the contractor surveys and , ah , all the executive , ah , advisory boards and --
Oh .
I do , ah , everything that I --
