Right .
But , yeah , I could say , gee , I wish I would have not married and , ah , done what I was doing and life would be great , except that it might not be .
Right .
Ah --
I might have , um , finished college and , ah had -- had a job .
I stay at home now , so , um , occasionally I get those , you know , I do n't do anything , I 'm not worth anything , days , you know .
Right .
Yeah , see and the -- the -- for the first part I , um , I mean I was a junior college when I had my daughter , so I still have n't been to school .
Okay , so it 's like in the past eight years , as , you know , my daughter turns eight like next week , so it 's like , [inaudible ] about that reflection time , you know , to -- to look back and say , okay , you know , it 's taken me eight years to get another semester 's worth of college done .
It would have taken me another year to graduate if I had n't chosen what --
Right .
-- what I did choose .
Right .
But , you know , how do you , ah , if you had some sort of like little time machine sort of deal that you could go in and , you know , input okay , let 's see what would happen , you know , if -- if I changed this here , show me the future --
Right
-- you know , or -- or show the present based on that .
You know , if you could do that , then going back and changing things could be cool .
Right .
Because then you could , you know , go back and play with , well what if I 'd done this ?
Ooh , no , do n't like that result .
Okay , well what if I 'd done this .
Oh , that looks good .
I know I know .
I a - -- I agree with that because I , um , I feel the same way , you know , that , um , maybe I would have my degree and I would be making a lot of money and I would be --
-- somewhere but , you know , would I be totally lonely and , you know , or --
Right .
Um , you know , or , you know , maybe you 'd have -- I do n't know what you were going to school in --
I was going to school to be a pilot .
But , ah , okay , well , there you go .
Considering recent events or --
-- not too recent events anymore --
-- maybe you 'd be dead !
Exactly .
So , you know , it could be a good thing .
Yeah .
Well , and I was , um , I was actually sixteen when I got married because I had graduated out of high school early and so that was obviously a really bad choice that I can see in hindsight , but , um , at the same time it made me grow up really fast .
