Um .
-- there 's a few times in your life when you 're in those transition --
Mhm .
-- [several inaudible words ] and that -- that 's the only time to do it .
That 's sure .
That , ah , that 's hard to do , you know , to move , you know , when you have a job and a stable , you know , family or friends or it is really hard to give up everything and say , " Well , you know , I 'm just moving" .
--
Mm .
It is hard .
It seems to m - is my entire life has brought me to the w- ah , towards , the west .
Um , being raised and born in Chicago and moving , um , to California was some of my relatives .
So , we would come out to California and visit them .
And I always loved California so when I would go back home I 'd feel homesick --
Mhm .
-- but nothing like the feeling that I have , ah , ah , getting further west being -- being -- being in Hawaii --
[several inaudible words ] --
Um .
It 's [several inaudible words ] very interesting because , ah , a lot of people have that feeling when they come to Hawaii .
People that come to work at UH for example , the University of Hawaii , it 's either they hate it , just the first week when they arrive , the say , " This is not for me " or they thoroughly fall in love with it .
Mm .
There 's no inbetween .
It 's -- it 's very extreme how people feel about the island and it 's very interesting .
I do n't think it happens very often anywhere else .
You know , you can like somethings , dislike others , but here it 's -- it 's very extreme .
It 's either you fall in love and you think , you know , " This is where I belong " --
Mhm .
-- or -- or it 's like , " I 'm out of here , this is a rock" .
Which , ah , which campus do you work at ?
Minoa .
Oh , no , you 're kidding ?
Yeah .
Oh , that 's my favorite valley .
I -- I love , um , I could love going up to Lion Arboretum --
Uh-huh , yes .
-- and the height going back to Minoa Falls .
Mhm , yes .
And the o - the -- the tearoom --
Uh-huh .
-- for lunch over there .
Mhm , yeah , well you know it !
Yeah , well yeah .
Every -- well , everytime I come to Hawaii it 's , um , usually I try to come in for two weeks --
Mhm .
-- and I -- I rent a condo , um , usually in Waikiki 'cause they 're the cheaper ones .
But , you know --
Yes , and there 's --
-- I 'd really prefer to be over --
-- more availability too .
-- I 'd -- I 'd really be -- prefer to be over by Kailua[ ? ] --
Mhm .
-- and , um , but I stay there for two weeks and I get my bus pass for two weeks and I 'm out of -- I 'm out of Waikiki .
Waikiki is usually just where I lay my head to go to sleep but I 'm --
