You know , it 's kind of hard dealing with that .
She has one friend that 's a Catholic and it 's absolutely forbidden , so -- and -- and I 'm pretty open with my kids .
Right .
I do n't want 'em to go to a stranger to find out something I 'd rather they came to me if they needed help or needed information or what not , and I think to a point , like you said , research materials and things like that , I think it should be allowed , but I think too with a certain age group and beyond that , I think the parental consent .
You 're a pretty smart cookie for a twenty one year old .
Thanks .
Um , what -- do you think it makes a difference for private or , um , public ?
Private school or public school ?
Mhm ?
Yeah , I think so .
You do ?
I think there 's a huge difference 'cause , I mean , in --
' Cause you 're paying for them to go there ?
Yeah , and in this area all the private schools are Christian schools .
So -- I 'm -- they 've made a big deal about , you know , how their kids ' academic is so much better because there are no bits dealing in sex or evil or violence or things like that .
Oh , really ?
Yes .
That 's interesting because some public schools actually have more leeway .
Yeah .
Because they do n't have as many state controls .
Well , these -- I mean , the private schools , the private schools here --
I mean , private schools , that 's what I mean .
Yeah , private schools are -- here are Christian based .
So that 's dealing with the religion .
Right .
The public schools have a little bit more leeway .
But then -- so let 's just theoretically say that your kids -- you were , um , Muslim and your kids went to a -- wanted to go to that private Christian school because that was a better education , um , would you say -- and they had , um , bible reading in the morning , would -- would that be something that you 'd -- I mean , do you think that you could say that you did n't want your kids to do that ?
I do n't know that much about the Muslim religion but we 're pretty open , and if it were something that my child chose to pursue , I mean , that 's their choice .
Right , but if it was --
They believe in .
-- imposed by the school that they mandatorily had to do that ?
I do n't think they should mandatory any type of religion .
I mean , we have a lot of parents here at Benarms[ ? ] because they ca n't say the , ah , -- they ca n't pray before any sporting events .
Mhm .
Because it violates the religious beliefs of so many other people .
The First Amendment , right .
And I agree with that on one level because I would n't want someone of a different religion imposing on mine .
