And -- and it is th - sort of this mixed emotion --
Mhm .
Yes , um , and --
In , uh , it -- it -- that 's a tough one .
That 's a real tough one because there is , you know , clear evidence of -- of a particular age group , um , sex , and ethnic background that has committed a lot of terrorist acts .
Mhm .
Yes .
Yet anyone that 's in that same ethnic , uh , age group , uh , you know , male sex could be condemned and could be abused and be totally innocent .
Mhm .
And that 's what scares me a little bit because , you know , in -- in their -- in the process of them -- of security doing their job , sometimes it can be taken to the extreme and that scares me a little bit to know that that could possibly happen to someone that I know or that I care about .
Right .
Um , but , again , I -- I understand it but it 's just -- it is , uh , mixed emotions because it bothers me but I understand it and -- 'cause really you ca n't argue with someone that says , " Well , you know , things like that are gonna happen " and -- because of what has happened in the past blah , blah , blah , blah , but it just does n't make it right , in my view , you know .
I know .
Well , what 's scary is that type of -- of , um , thing goes on outside of any kind of security situation .
You know , children have been targeted , um , people from India and Greece and other places have been targeted just because they have a -- a -- a dark complexion and dark hair .
Mhm .
And maybe a little accent or something .
Mhm .
And ...
Right , right , I mean , and just things like that , you know .
And it -- it -- it does bother me too but it does n't change the fact that -- that , you know , of who committed the crimes that are the top suspects , uh , of future crimes .
Mhm , yeah .
And you -- and you just hate to think that .
Again , I understand it .
I -- I definitely do , but it just bothers me that we have to go through that , or the people have to go through that --
Well , I mean , it smacks of --
Anybody that is certifiably innocent , you know , and be put in that position .
Yeah , I -- well , and -- and it smacks of all the discrimination and , you know , targeting African Americans and a - that have -- has gone on through the ages .
You know , targeting certain groups of people because of the way they look .
Mhm .
It 's like the one bad apple spoils the whole bunch .
Exactly .
Everyone gets -- everyone of that type gets , uh , poor treatment because of a few .
Exactly .
And I have not seen that myself , um , I know it has to happen .
