Was it bad or ... ?
Oh , I just thought it was kind of sh - shallow .
Uh-huh .
You know uh ... and I saw the Joe Millionaire ?
Uh-huh .
And -- and that was -- it was good but then in other ways it was kind of tacky .
Uh-huh .
Because they -- it seemed like they were all competing for this rich guy that ... you know , and he was n't really rich .
It was all just a big lie .
Yeah .
.
But I did think the g- -- the right girl won .
Yeah , yeah .
I do too , I really do .
But I mean , even though they did n't continue to have a relationship , you know ?
I still believe that he made the right choice .
Sure .
I -- I think so too .
Everybody else seemed kind of -- like , in for it for the money or whatever they could get off of it .
Yeah .
You know , and they would go -- do anything , go anywhere and I thought that was pretty tacky .
Yes .
But -- but she held out .
She , you know , she held -- uh , kept her values .
Yes , she did .
So , I thought that was pretty cool .
Yeah and she was very family oriented .
I mean , just even her lifestyle , the way she lived her life , you know ?
With -- you know , she -- you know , she was a caretaker ?
Did you know that ?
Yes .
She took care of her grandmother or something ?
I think she took care of older -- uh , she worked for , like , a old folks ' home ?
Uh-huh .
And took care of um , you know , old people .
Yes .
That 's what she did .
--
I mean , that -- that says a lot about her right there .
Oh yeah , that takes a lot patience and , you know ...
Yeah .
... maturity , I think .
Yeah .
To be able to put up with other people 's disabilities and ... and then she was really family oriented .
She -- I liked what she said that sh - -- the first thing she 'd do with the money , her share of the money is to buy stuff for her family .
Oh , yeah .
And she said -- I guess her aunt had cancer so everything was gonna go towards , you know , helping her aunt to get better , to recover , you know .
Yes .
So ... I mean , that seemed she -- she saved all the necklaces and the jewelry and everything to sell it so that --
Yeah , that --
-- she could take care of her .
That really takes a lot of uh ... well , maybe it does n't take a lot for her , you know --
Uh-huh .
-- but for a lot of people , they just want to keep it .
