Mhm . Yeah , I like -- I like football games , I like hockey , um , I do n't know .
I 'm not into baseball too much , I 'm just -- really do n't care that much for it , it does n't excite me .
Of course there are other things like gymnastics and ice skating , like , you know .
I like football the best because my -- my Dad was a foot- a high school football player and my brothers were high school --
Ahah .
-- football players and my Dad was a coach --
Ahah .
So I really understand the game .
Oh , okay .
Yeah , I guess you would .
You had a -- you had enough of them running around that you could get an idea and a clue as to what was going on .
Yeah , well my Dad wanted a -- a -- another boy and he always teased me that I had football legs and stuff .
Did you tell him " Not on this earth " ?
What ?
Did you tell him " Not on this earth" , that you -- that you did n't want to play football ?
Well , I tried .
Well --
Did you ?
Just -- just , ah , out in the front yard I -- I could pitch a good ball and -- and I could kick a ball and ... but when it come to games , you know , I did n't want to get out there with the boys and get tackled .
Yeah , there is actually girls who are , um , in the game with the guys nowadays .
There 's not too many of them but there are some girls that do that .
Yeah , I do n't like falling down .
All I can say is , ah , I was playing with my uncle when I was about thirteen and he tackled me and hurt me pretty bad and I decided that was enough of that and so we started playing some more and the next time he got the ball I tackled him and I knocked him to the ground and he was not real happy so --
Well when I -- when I was about five , ah , my brothers were out in the big yard playing -- ah , my brothers and cousins were playing football and I got kind of too close and , ah , they tackled right beside me and one of their foots come up and hit me in the mouth --
Oh , ouch .
-- and , ah , my mouth was bleeding , my teeth were loose , they took me to the dentist and they said that they will tighten back up .
That must have hurt .
Yeah .
Especially if it was , like , a size thirteen , you know .
Yeah .
You know something else I think though too , is that the professional players , they really for their own sake should go out and get a college degree and -- and not -- and actually pay attention to what they 're learning in college , then if they ca n't play ball any longer , um , then they can take their college degree and go on and -- and have a career .
It 's just like super models , you know , if you do something with yourself and that you have a career after your good looks fade or after your body turns to flab , you know , I mean , you know , then you 've got something to fall back on .
But , you know , a lot of times they spend the money and then , you know , when they can no longer play the games then they do n't have anything they can do , you know .
Yeah .
