-- out of those windows were on fire , and --
Oh .
-- it was just devastating .
To see another human being on fire , and then the people she knew that she worked with were in those buildings .
Like I said we 're Jehovah 's Witnesses , so we knew that there were other members of our religious affiliation there , and it was just so traumatic .
It was so traumatic .
Oh , my heart goes out to her .
I 'll never take public transportation in any form .
Ever .
Well you know what , I was always afraid of flying because I -- I was , like , -- I never even thought of terrorists .
I was just afraid of flying because there 's no , like , air patrol .
In the event that the plane goes down , you 're going down .
Thank you , that 's what I always said --
But , you know --
-- you 're going down .
I mean , if you 're in a car accident , of course somebody could come and help you out , whether they 're , you know , with the police , the fire -- a -- a citizen could come and help you out --
That 's what I always said , --
-- but a plane --
-- " If I break down , I can walk" .
Right .
But , you know , a plane is something different , but in light of what has happened September eleventh , it 's like , you do n't even know what to expect -- forget the plane falling down , you gotta worry about somebody 's gonna , you know , threaten your life .
Absolutely .
So...
I know that I 'll never take public transportation , so travelling for me is out .
Mhm .
Um , --
And it does n't hurt my feelings , I 'd rather stay home and be safe .
Mhm .
Um , ...
Or walk or get in your own car .
I figure with my luck I 'd be on the plane that they terrorized .
Exactly , right .
Yes .
Oh , my .
That 's just such an awful thing .
I was kind of , um , pleased though , um , last year , when that time came they did n't -- like , ... Sometimes a person could be in a process of healing , and then -- I thought maybe they were gonna overdo it and just replay all of the devastating scenes over and over again , and that would just hurt all the grieving families , but I think they were a bit more considerate .
Up here -- and see up here , we saw it different .
I 'm from Maine --
Oh , okay .
-- well , I 'm from New Hampshire , but I live in Maine .
Okay , okay .
And um , we really felt that they overkilled it up here .
Okay , okay .
We were all complaining up here , enough , enough already .
Oh , right , right .
You know , you ca n't look at the little kids crying anymore , you ca n't look at the parents crying anymore , how -- you know , it was just awful .
Day after day , all day long .
