Oh .
I do n't either .
As far as the mystery shopping stuff , you know , I get the email lists , but I do n't participate a whole lot in those either .
Yeah .
I currently do merchandising for a magazine company and I do , uh , a little bit of mystery shopping ; not a lot , I do n't really like mystery shopping that much , but I love the merchandising .
I absolutely love it .
I just got my first merchandising job ; in fact I was going to go out today and do it , but I 'm going to do it Thursday instead , but I 'm really excited about it .
Oh , well , good .
I have a permanent position .
I know a lot of them are one time only .
I go into the stores and scan the magazines for billing and reordering purposes .
Okay .
It 's a lot of fun .
I do that once a week .
Once a week .
Okay .
Mine 's once a month .
It 's a -- it 's a permanent , but --
Oh , well that 's good .
-- once a month for a couple of different stores .
Um , but , no I ca n't wait .
No, I 'm really looking forward to it --
[inaudible ]
I do n't mind the mystery shopping , but I think the merchandising would be a lot more fun .
Oh , yeah .
Because you do n't have to conceal your identity .
Mhm .
And , you know , act sneaky .
Yeah .
Right .
And I 'm really looking forward to it .
But --
Well , good luck , I wish you good luck .
Well , thank you .
And whereabouts in Texas are you ?
I 'm a little town called Paralean[ ? ]
I 'm about , ooh , twenty minutes from Houston .
Okay .
Twenty minutes south , towards Galveston .
Okay .
What 's the temperature ?
Oh , the temperature is up near the seventies .
It 's a beautiful day outside .
I bet you 're cold up there though , are n't you ?
No. Actually , it 's about sixty today here .
Oh , really .
Yeah .
Well , that 's really good .
Yeah .
Now , we 're getting one more blast of snow this week , but --
-- then I think we should be done .
We 've had a really mild winter .
You guys had snow down there though , did n't you ?
Uh --
Somewhere in Texas ?
Somewhere in Texas , but we do n't generally get that , we 're too close to the coast where it stays warm .
Okay .
It might snow , but it does n't hit the ground .
It turns into water before it hits the ground .
Okay .
We get a lot of rain .
We --
Do you ?
-- we 've had a lot of floods here in the past couple of years .
Really ?
Mhm .
I 'll never forget when I was -- oh , I was probably t- -- twenty , almost , well it was probably thirty years ago , I used to have relatives in Texas , um , they 've been out of there for many , many , many years , but we were driving down there ; my dad took the motorhome and he drove down there .
He drove straight through , like I think he did it in like twenty six hours , straight through from Minnesota and we had come through bad blizzards all the way through , wow , all the way through Missouri for sure from here to there and it 's like three feet of snow packed up on the top of the motorhome and he said he drove through so fast he got down to Texas and was -- was on the freeways around Dallas and he still had snow flying off the top of the motorhome --
