Yeah .
I do n't know , has -- has your work done anything like that ?
Um , I actually am a homemaker .
Oh , okay .
Stay at home Mommy is the new term .
Uh-huh .
So , you know , we really -- have n't really changed much .
Yeah , do you have kids at school ?
No, they 're toddlers .
Oh , okay .
But we are more cautious of people in the neighborhood , you know , we tend to pay attention to strangers in the area .
Mhm .
Oh .
My little one 's wanting me to hold him , --
Oh , how old is he ?
-- probably has to start screaming here .
He 's , ah , almost two .
Ah , okay .
My nephew is turning one next month .
Uh-huh .
[inaudible ] very sweet .
Whoops .
Yeah , I actually have a sister who lives in DC right now .
Uh-huh .
Was she there around anything that happened ?
No, she , um , has just been there for the past six months .
Was she pretty -- was she pretty , ah , concerned about going out , was she -- did she do anything , you know , while she was out there ?
You know , I do n't think there 's anything really that people can do in their day to day life , you know .
Yeah .
Um , I mean she lives a little bit outside of the city .
Uh-huh .
Um , and so she said just because it 's DC , they 're just -- I think there usually is a lot of --
Security .
-- army personnel , yeah , and security um , but , you know , I mean , you ca n't really just be paranoid all the time and , um ...
I completely agree .
I mean the sort of thing , um -- I mean , for one thing it usually happens in , um , really urban areas .
Uh-huh .
So , like New York and DC are more likely targets than , you know , Louisville or St Louis .
And that 's what -- that 's one thing that I 'm a little concerned with too .
I mean , they -- they -- they announce that all over the news and , you know , they -- they kind of give you that false security where , you know , a smaller -- I mean , St Louis is kind of a smaller city , you know .
Mhm .
A large city but it 's still smaller compared to everything else .
Right .
But they kind of give us a false sense of , ah , security when , you know , announcing it all over TV and I 'm sitting here thinking okay , they 're announcing this on TV , do n't you think that 's gonna give them another idea to , okay , let 's go ahead to the smaller city --
Yeah .
-- and we 'll get 'em where we 're not -- where they 're not expecting it .
Yeah .
You know , and , you know , I think the media , I think they ... personally I think need to calm it down a little bit and not ... you know , it 's kind of hard to say they should n't talk about important issues like that but sometimes I think they need to be a little more , I do n't know , maybe tasteful --
