You know , sitting and have somebody look over my shoulder all day long .
I like to work independently and I do that in my job and I do that very well .
And I 'm confident .
Mhm .
I 've been in the business for almost twenty years .
Wow .
Yup .
So , is this all that survey , ah , talks about , is just this ?
Um , I -- [several inaudible words ] today 's topic , yeah , the --
Today 's topic .
-- affirmative action .
I think there 's different topics every day .
Actually , this is the first one that I 've participated in .
Okay .
So ...
Me too .
So , what do you think about the war in Iraq ?
I think it 's pretty scary .
I 've got two older brothers that are -- they 're forty nine and fifty years old , one on the USS [inaudible ] and one on the ground in the National Guards .
Oh , wow .
Are they serving over there right now ?
Yes , they are .
Yup , my brother 's in the , ah , Persian Gulf and the other one is over in , ah , Kuwait .
Awesome .
So , yeah , it 's -- it 's really scary , but ah , long term I think , ah , that we will be a lot better off with , ah , Saddam Hussein out of office .
I agree .
It 's unfortunate that we have to , ah , go to these lengths to make it happen --
Mhm .
-- but I -- I 'm a person that does not believe an eye for an eye and tooth for tooth , but if you have to stop somebody and this is the only way you can do it , then we need to do that and I hope that nobody gets killed and that people do n't lose their brothers or sisters or parents of what have you .
Mm .
It 's not -- ah , it 's a very dif - -- very touchy to - -- very touchy subject for everybody .
Yeah , that 's for sure .
There 's a lot of , ah , protesting going on --
Mhm .
-- they do n't want our people over there .
Well , I 'll tell you what , if you do n't want any people over there and we get bombed , what are we going to do ?
Yeah .
When you let your guard down , what 's going to happen ?
I know , I totally agree .
It has to be done , I think the regime has to be changed and I 've been watching the news and everything and it 's -- it 's just so crazy , especially for somebody of my generation .
I -- I 'm nineteen years old and , you know , my generation has never , you know , had anything like this .
You know , we did n't experience Vietnam and we were too young for , you know , the first Gulf war and --
Mhm .
-- it 's just -- it 's really scary to talk about it in classes and everything and -- and especially the deep divide that it seems like it 's causing in the generation .
I mean , there 's so many students protesting and then there 's , you know , some like me who support , you know , our government .
It 's hard because --
