-- so mundanely and we do n't really pay attention to everything that 's been going on .
It 's like , it 's kinda hard to realize for myself actually , a high school student --
Yeah .
-- rather than experiencing it , it 's kind of hard .
But since my father has experienced it , like , I kinda feel where he 's com- -- do you have like , any family situations like that ?
Well no , I do n't -- I do n't really have any family situation .
My parents are almost retired and , I mean --
Oh , okay .
And so it 's like , yeah , yeah , l- like my parents have their money but I mean , I -- I need to make money for myself .
Uh , it was like --
Yeah .
-- and next week I 'm going to go to New York , and I ca n't wait to go to New York because , um , I 'm gonna go to like , Ground Zero , and I wanna see that and ...
That 's cool .
Like , so , yeah .
On the [inaudible ] side I 'm going to New York next week and it 's -- it 's cool .
So I 'm gonna go do that , so I guess that has something to do with our -- our topic , is me going to New York !
I guess !
So , um , in addition to nine eleven , um , the whole -- what else comes in play ?
The race issue .
Like , uh , you know , well , I 'm actually , uh , uh , Indian , and --
Uh-huh .
Oh , I 'm , um , I 'm Chinese --
Oh you are ?
-- and Hawaiian .
Yes .
Oh , okay .
Yeah , well , um , some people kinda mistaken me for a Muslim .
Uh-huh .
You know ?
And --
Yeah .
-- they 're like , in school , in high school , like , uh , one guy came up to me and was like , you know , they -- they just make these smart comments and stuff like -- this was last year though , but this -- this was n't it -- it was just that week of chaotic , you know , like everyone was --
Uh-huh .
-- like , you know , worried .
And some guy came up to me and kind of threatened me , you know ?
Uh-huh .
Like , in the high school .
Inside high school .
Well , people are ignorant .
I mean , you know , it 's just like --
Exactly .
-- even if you in high school , uh , it 's like , well then you 'll learn , when people get out , people are just as stupid .
Right .
But , I mean , if you go to college and then , you know , you wo n't stay [inaudible] , uh , face that as much , like , ignorant people .
But there are still stupid people out there but yeah , it 's scar- --
Mm .
-- I mean , it sucks .
Like , I -- I know .
Were you , um , yeah , were you involved in anything in , uh , college , for this ?
For this deal , for this whole nine eleven thing ?
