Exactly .
-- it 's just his --
Because it 's masked over nowadays .
Yeah , exactly .
You know ?
It -- there 's some other reason that 's thrown out there .
But I think you 're right .
In a -- in a large number -- if there 's a large number of employees then it should be implemented .
Yeah , I 'm -- I -- I feel like it 's -- it 's probably a valuable thing and I could say in some parts of our -- our United States I do think that there 's still some -- I 'll just say Texas is such a big state --
Mhm .
-- um , you know , California , um , the -- the East Coast , um , like I said , I think it 's -- it 's -- it 's become more who -- who -- who has the best qualifications .
Right .
The states that I 'm most worried about with -- again , are the -- are the Southern states like Georgia and Alabama and --
[inaudible] .
-- those kind of states that were so slow to come around to , um , you know , accepting , um , black and , ah --
It 's still bad down there , even nowadays ?
Well , not as bad , but I think it still exists --
Yeah .
-- to some extent and some of the --
[several inaudible words ]
In some of the smaller communities .
Right .
Right .
Um , like I said , I 've no- -- I 've not really visited those areas or I would have first hand knowledge .
Um , I 've just gone on vacation [inaudible] .
I just know from what I 've read , you know , that every now and then I hear about a -- a little small town in -- um , here or there , um , that -- ah , it 's still having problems with some of that stuff .
Yeah .
So , ah , I think that 's probably -- and again , you do get the individuals sometimes and , um , certain corporations that that 's just their -- you know , that 's just their flaw .
Right .
You know , psychologically about feeling , you know , " Oh , this person , you know " -- I mean I think you know , I hate to say male chauvinists but --
They 're there .
-- I think -- I think they still exist somewhat .
Oh , yeah .
Definitely .
You know .
Well , as for me , I 'm -- I 'm currently looking for a job and I 've been out and I 've seen all different races interview me and I 've -- my last interview with two women .
So , I mean , when I look at the work place I see everybody .
Yeah , see I 'm looking for a job too .
So , um -- and -- and there 's -- you know same here .
I think to me I -- I think -- what I 'm more concerned about than -- than percentages of , um , different races and men and women , um , are older people .
I think , to me , that 's -- that 's kind of a big problem in our United States right now is that , you know --
