They --
-- offer the more expensive luxuries that some of the other airlines do .
Right .
Peanuts and whatnot .
And I 'm a little worried about the pilots .
Do they propose --
Oh jeeze .
Who 're they getting 'cause they 're not overpaid --
Right .
-- like American and United .
Yeah , let 's get some temps in here , it 's like --
Yeah
No, thanks .
Uh , you might go postal today , you never know .
Yeah , yeah .
It 's a little scary .
I mean that 's a high stress job , I think .
Oh yeah !
I would n't do it .
Yeah , see there is -- maybe they could , you know , they could go on strike and make millions of dollars .
They 're -- I mean , they 're responsible for people 's lives .
Mhm .
They travel a lot and while some of that would be a perk , if you have a family , you know , that 'd be hard to be away all the time .
Right .
And I -- I do feel more sympathetic about pilots that , uh , you know , athletes .
Right .
The , um , was it United 's pilots were doing something like that ?
That 's -- that 's been a while though .
Yeah , I think it was United 's .
Well , some of them have tried and , I think , they may have gotten maybe some concessions .
Yeah .
I would think that United would , as far as pilots would go , would be the higher paid .
Yeah .
And I think I read that American was next .
You know , American bought up TWA and so , you know , you just increase the infrastructure and -- and then you hope to make money that way .
Yeah .
So , they -- both them may have to do some serious redesign of their -- their business model otherwise they 're not gonna be around .
I mean , what they 're gonna expect the government to bail to 'em out , which means us .
Right .
Bail 'em out every time and then they might be expecting that , you know .
Yeah .
Yeah , I do n't know what they think they 're gonna do .
I mean , they 're gonna have to -- they gonna have to do something , like -- I 'm just -- I 'm surprised I thin- -- I mean , I didn- -- I guess -- you know , I have n't really followed the airline industry and I had no idea that they were making so little money .
Yes , um , in general it 's , uh , a high cost business --
-- everything -- I mean , like the gas is , you know --
-- way expensive .
Yes .
You pay a lot of people and then they only way they can recoup the money is the passenger and then the cargo .
Yeah .
That 's really it .
And so , um --
When you -- when you 've got like Southwest doing rock bottom prices because , you know , like you said , their infrastructure is smaller , they 've got to compete with that .
So --
