Right , and especially this early .
I mean , I -- I could see protesting if it drags out to three or four years , you know , then -- then I can kind of see maybe protesting a little bit , but this -- you know , we 're -- we 're at such an early stage in the game .
I do n't -- I do n't think it 's even -- even plausible that you could , you know , protest it now , so --
Yeah .
-- I think it 's a slap in the face to 'em and I think we need to -- I -- I think our country has a lot of liberties that we need to -- to respect but some of the protests need to -- they need to just chill out .
Well , it -- you know , a lot of people died for the freedom that we 're trying to give --
Right .
-- the Iraqis , you know ,
Mhm .
And plus save our homeland from , you know --
That 's right .
And --
And I tell you , you hear some of those stories where , you know , the women are just shot or they -- you know , they lure the -- even Saddam , he 's lured his own son in laws back to kill 'em .
Well , I mean --
What -- what kind of man does that ?
You know what else is --
Mhm .
-- goes on and -- and , you know , it 's not really widely publicized , but you know how women are , you know , have to walk back and -- in -- in behind the husband ?
Mhm .
Um , they also -- the women over there are , um , circumcised .
Right .
And , I mean , so the man who actually probably has a higher sex drive than the female --
Mhm , mhm .
-- or more -- more tend to wander eyes --
Mhm .
They do n't have to , you know , make sure that they 're home and faithful .
That 's right .
But the women , they mutilate 'em .
Yeah .
Yeah , that 's --
So they can keep 'em --
Oprah actually a couple of months ago had a great show on that , and it was -- I 'm , like -- I -- I wanna tape it and show it to everybody that I know .
I 'm like , " Well , yeah " --
Oh , okay , so --
This is dreadful[ ? ] to think that this is still going on in the -- for , you know -- it -- it 's hard for us , I think , to even fathom the idea of , you know , doing something like that .
But , you know , to children , especially when they 're only , like , nine or ten when it happens , and I 'm like , " Gosh , that 's just unbelievable " .
Yeah .
Unbelievable .
It -- it is , it 's so unbelievable and , you know , and they 're just so repressed .
Mhm .
Where , you know , they -- they ca n't work and they ca n't -- you know , the -- the little school kids ca n't -- you know , the girls , they ca n't go to school .
Well , now in Afghanistan they can because we went in and took out the Taliban .
