Yeah .
But , I remember the first time I flew after September eleventh and saw that , it was just totally unreal .
Yeah .
We had to fly out that weekend after it happened because my , um , brother 's wedding was that weekend --
Oh , man .
-- so , it was pretty Nazi .
That 's one thing that has changed in my life , is you go to the airport earlier than what you used to . .
Yeah .
Yeah .
Because half the time you do n't make it if you do n't .
And for some reason , I -- I -- I do n't know if I look deceptively innocent or what , but like , I 'm always the person who is singled out to , like , have the extra baggage check .
Are you serious ?
Yes . .
I do n't know --
You know wh - you know what someone told me , is the maj - the majority of people that have their , um , their luggage checked , um , at airports now are the people between the ages of twenty five and like thirty five , single white females .
Or females .
White females .
Really ?
.
Where did you -- where did you hear that statistic ?
Um , where did we hear that ?
Did we read it , Jake , or what ? .
It 's just been reported , Lou Rockwell , um , different people have reported that .
Okay .
Um , saying that that 's -- that 's the single most --
Well , that 's -- that 's me --
-- person --
-- I 'm not demographic . .
Have you so if you fit in that category , and Jake -- his sister was flying out of the country and he said , " Beware , you are going to be checked , I just know it , because you 're flying out the country " , you know , because she 's a missionary , " and you 're going to be checked .
You 're female , you 're thirty -- about thirty years old , you 're going to be checked , do n't worry about it " , and she 's like , " No , I 've never been checked , there 's no big deal" , and she did .
Yeah .
She was -- they let through all first class .
Yeah , I , um , I went to Canada , um , you know , because it 's right here , um , right after Sept- like , on September twenty second , and um --
Mhm .
-- it 's usually relatively easy , but it was kind of okay going in , but coming back , it took six hours to cross the border coming back .
It 's -- back into the United States ?
And they interrogated me and they -- I mean , they check -- not only do they , like , open your trunk and look in it , like , they look in all your bags .
Oh , goodness .
Which was totally appropriate , right , but it was also totally different from , you know , the time previous that I 'd gone to Canada .
Right .
Right , and the thing is , if there happens to be more than once , it makes you suspicious , so I 'm like , you know , hey , wh - what 's -- why are you picking on me ?
