Mhm .
-- to , like , connect me with other people and it 's never worked .
Oh , really ?
So ... this is the first time it 's worked .
Oh , okay .
Yeah , they 've called me before .
I think this is the fourth time they called tonight and I just kept going and getting my pin number wrong .
I was so frustrated .
" What 's my pin number , I ca n't remember it " so they finally called me back so this is actually the first attempt that I 've had to connect and it 's working out all right , so ...
What do you study at Penn ?
Um , I 'm at Warton[ ? ] so I 'm in the management program .
Oh .
And um , right now , I 'm not taking any courses .
I 'm finishing up a thesis paper , looking for jobs .
Well , good luck .
Thanks .
What do you do ?
I 'm a systems administrator .
Oh , okay .
Um , how did you find out about this ?
Um , part o - -- I signed up with this secret shopper thing .
Mhm .
And I got an email .
Oh .
That they were going to be doing these phone studies , so I signed up for it .
Oh , okay .
Yeah .
It seems like um ... interesting .
I 'm not exactly sure where they 're going with this [inaudible] .
I do n't -- speech patterns or ... I do n't know what they 're gonna ... How do --
Oh , okay .
So , you found out through a -- through the campus ?
Yeah .
I got an email --
-- on , like uh ... I guess , in one of the groups I belong to or whatever they put the notes [inaudible ] and they sent the n- -- email to th - -- to that list so um , that 's how I found out about it and signed up , so ...
Well , good luck in your career .
Thanks . .
I 'm so ... not looking forward to it ! .
Why , you do n't like --
-- I wish I could be more --
-- you do n't like to --
-- I just --
-- you do n't like these studies or something ?
No.
I like school .
I like studying .
I -- I do n't want to be in the real world quite yet .
.
Well , you do n't have a choice , I do n't think .
I know , like , um , maybe I could [several inaudible words ]
Well ...
Be a student for the rest of my life .
But no ... although , I really do like the academic studies , so in the future I would like to be a [inaudible ] teacher in high school or college .
Okay .
So ... so , what does a systems administrator do ?
Do you take care of , like , the computers and stuff ?
Right .
Computers are --
This is at Pan Alto ?
