Uh-huh .
But --
Oh .
-- that 's what he wants to do is go there and be a Franciscan Brother , so he has to sleep on the floor and give up all his worldly possessions , so --
Wow , wait -- no , is that -- wait , a Franciscan brother , is that part of what faith ?
Catholic .
Roman Catholic --
Oh , it is .
-- yes .
Oh gosh , I should know that .
Yeah .
Yeah .
Well , I was raised Catholic and then I met my husband and we 're sort of -- well , we 're Southern Baptist , but there 's not too many Southern Baptist people in Montana .
But , that 's --
-- how he was raised .
We were in -- we lived in Florida the whole time he was growing up and , um , he was raised Southern Baptist .
And then all of a sudden he just started asking me about the Catholic religion and I was telling him about it and he looked into it on his own and that 's what he decided he wanted to do , and --
Wow , is it --
-- when he was seven -- sixteen he was baptized and --
Oh .
-- yep , and he started going to Catholic college and --
So , is he going to s - -- is that what -- is he studying religion --
Yep.
-- at school ?
He studies , like , um ... oh , theology and philosophy and really difficult classes but , he 's --
Yeah .
-- doing really good .
He 's been on the Dean list for the last --
Oh , that 's awesome .
-- yeah , the l- list .
Is that your oldest ?
Yeah , that 's our oldest .
And then our second oldest is seventeen , and he 's getting ready to go to Carol College which i- -- that 's in --
-- Helena[ ?] , Montana .
That 's a small , um , it 's a catholic college too .
But , he wants to be a doctor --
-- and it 's just a coincidence that , um , he wants to go to a catholic college .
It 's just -- he wants to go because of the size .
Oh , okay .
It 's a small college .
We live across the street from this town 's school which has a hundred and fifty kids from kindergarten through twelfth grade , so --
Oh , my God !
-- you know , they 're used to a little , tiny , school and I know he 'd be lost in a big college , so ...
Uh-huh .
Anyway .
Is , um -- is that a small town that you live in ?
Yeah , there 's --
Is that why ?
-- there 's like three hundred people here .
Oh , wow .
Yeah , it 's tiny .
It 's -- but it 's neat .
We 're -- my husband and I are doing the Easter egg hunt .
We 're running the Easter egg hunt this year and we just --
