-- were n't young and stupid you would n't have done the travels and you would n't have the same perspective that you have because of that .
It 's true .
You know .
It 's really true .
And same with you , you know , I mean , but you know , that 's when I try not ever to regret things I 've done --
Yeah --
wrong , you know --
It 's the topic of the day , not an obsession .
Yeah .
I mean , yeah , I regret when I , you know , get ticked off at a neighbor or something and , you know , or I 'm like mean or when I do n't mean to be sometimes I get -- I 'm thinking of other things and I come across one way and I do n't mean to , um , but I 'm quick to apologize , too , you know --
Mhm .
-- um , I re - -- those are the things I regret , the day to day things like oh , I 'm sorry , I did n't acknowledge you , I had other things on my mind , I was n't ignoring you , those are the things , because those are affecting -- those are -- with people I see every day and I care about most , m - -- you know , my family or my neighbors and , you -- you know --
Mhm .
-- my friends .
Those are the things I regret , you know , the big things , you know , everything we do in -- when you look at the vastness of everything , it 's just so insignificant --
Oh , and everything we do closes a door but then again it opens another one .
Exactly .
You know --
So , it 's not -- it 's sort of like a web.
Exactly .
Exactly .
And the funny thing is , both of us are just sitting here saying , " Okay , my regret is educationally related " and the funny thing is , especially in this day and age , that 's actually one of the few that we can go back and do something about .
Exactly .
Which is kind of cool .
It 's awesome .
Awesomely g- -- now , have you ever done any of these before ?
No.
You know , I -- I , um , signed up for the study when I first heard about it and they were like , you 'll get a call within two weeks and that was , I do n't know , it seems like a year ago --
Yeah .
Yeah .
And it 's like , they said , " Enter your PIN number " I 'm like , Oh , my god I got to go into my email --
-- and I 've got to pull it out of my passwords --
That 's exactly what I did , I went bolting for the box --
-- and I 'm thinking , " Oh , no , I 'm going to get disconnected , this is going to be timed " .
I 'm glad they 're doing it , though .
Do you --
Yeah .
-- how did you know about the study ?
Or did you school at Penn or ... ?
