It 's hard to say .
I 'm just one of these people that when he knocks on the door then he 's home because I really do n't expect to hear anything else .
That 's really tough .
I mean , you can send things over there , right , but can they not respond or --
I have n't even sent anything because he was stationed away from here actually in Kentucky and he had a friend tell me that he was leaving .
It was just one of these things , he did not feel , like , he could say his goodbyes properly so I found out two days after he left and as for any contact , it has been nothing .
Wow .
And we went through an adopt a soldier program and we actually got this guy that drives a tank and I guess we wrote to him three weeks ago and we still have n't heard anything back so I 'm thinking that contact is little to none .
But it 's really hard for the families .
This has gone on a lot longer than I thought it would .
Oh , me too .
But I think it should have been finished the first time .
Oh , yeah .
They went over there and just kind of said , " Oh , we 're done " when they were nowhere near .
So , I ca n't foresee having to go back five years from now , ten years from now to do this all over again .
Wow .
But it has been an interesting war , having a lot of the news media people over there right in the middle which sometimes is fair and sometimes it 's not .
Yeah .
But we 've seen firsthand exactly what 's going on where we did n't have that with Desert Storm .
We know .
Yeah , I know some people in the military , but I used to live in California --
Ahah .
-- and , um , I moved to Oregon so I lost contact with them all but I know a lot , that was my main group of friends , so I 'm sure they 're all back there and I do n't know anything about what 's going on with any of them .
Yeah .
That --
I do n't know what ships are over there .
They were in the navy , so I do n't know what ships are over there or anything .
I have tried to keep up but a lot of the times I just give up .
It 's one of these things where I do n't want to know but I 'm still curious so I look , sort of frequently , sometimes I wait a day or two before I look at any news .
Do you think , um , they are -- like , withholding any information from us , you know --
Oh , absolutely .
-- maybe the President or the media and --
Absolutely .
Really ?
Because I think that it 's more than them just going over there doing peace keeping right now .
It 's bound to be something more than that because I think they would have sent more than just two ships home .
