I 'm sorry ?
I hear you .
My husband 's in the military .
Oh , my God .
So --
Oh , what branch ?
Army .
Army ?
Yeah .
So , when all this stuff happened I knew that shit was gonna hit the fan .
And I had just started a babysitting , um , business in my home so that I could be at home with my son .
Mhm .
And he was only five months old at the time , and , um , we saw it on the TV .
And we were up and watching TV , and I was like , " Oh my God , that did not just happen . "
And the next thing you know the second airplane hit , and I was like , " Holy Jesus , we 're in a lot of shit .
Something bad is hap-" , you know , it just --
Yeah .
-- felt like a doomsday .
I was like , " Oh my God , what 's gonna happen next , what 's gonna happen next ? " , you know ?
And then I 'm right next to a military post , so we would hear , like , choppers go over , and I 'd be like , " Hit the damn deck , something 's gonna blow us up . "
And it sounds funny now , but at the time I really was scared , you know ?
I bet .
I was like , " Holy shit , it 's my house next " , you know .
Oh man .
So , you know , I was , like , --
I do n't mean to laugh .
-- scared to de- no , I mean , it is , it 's kinda funny looking back on it , because I 'm like , " You retard , you know . "
But at the time , you know , at the time you 're really scared , and --
Oh , yeah .
-- you 're embarrassed that you 're scared , but yet you really are .
You 're like , " Oh my God , how do I even deal with this ? "
And then you know that if there 's any repercussions whatsoever , you know , as soon as they started pointing towards Iraq and they started pointing towards , you know , these different coun- ah , countries being responsible for it , that hits right home to me , 'cause my husband 's gonna be shipped out .
I 'm like , " Holy crap , holy crap , please do n't take my husband away , " you know .
" We got a brand new baby at home , do n't take him away from his daddy " .
But yet in the same breath , you know , he needs to go and do his job .
That 's what he 's in the military for , not to do a eight to five .
But --
Yeah , I know .
-- to be available to go and take care of things should it hit the fan , you know , which I totally understand and I have to get over it as a military wife , and support him a hundred and ten per cent on whatever happens .
And I totally -- I 'm not one of them , " Oh , my husband has to go" .
I mean , yeah , it sucks and I probably would cry , but I 'm not gonna sit and wallow in it forever , you know --
