-- they -- it 's just unreal the way they live .
When I was in Egypt , um , well they were Muslim , you know --
Mhm .
-- they are too and -- but it 's a very backwards , you know , society .
I mean , you know , they just -- they still , you know , ride donkeys and carry --
Yeah .
When I was there it was like , uh -- I really was reminded of , um , bible school and Sunday School when I was a child --
Mhm .
-- you know , and all the pictures and the -- and the books , uh , that showed the , um , donkeys and , you know , the women carrying the food on their heads and all that -- that -- and it was really like that and the people lived in caves .
I mean , I was amazed but that 's the way -- that 's the way --
Huh , well --
-- they lived and , uh , you know , dirt roads , sand .
So , I was , you know , things have advanced but , um , I think if they believe in -- believed in Saddam Hussein -- although I do n't think they r- -- that many of 'em did .
I think they did because they had to because he --
Mhm .
-- was a dictator .
I 'm -- I just hope , you know , that 's all anybody can do , is just hope that , um , you know , that they can live together like -- like we do and , you know , with the different divisions in the religions --
Mhm .
It 's like they would have one basic belief .
I mean , they all believe in Allah .
Yeah , true .
Um , but yeah -- it 's like , you know , in England , uh , I never have understood all the conflict there but it 's still -- there still is some between the Catholics and the Protestants .
Yeah , that 's very true .
And -- and they 're certainly , I would think , you know , people that are educated and know better , but --
Right .
I think the United States is just more , um -- we 're a more sophisticated society and , um --
I mean , I do n't think there 's anything wrong with that .
Like I think in order for the world to go around you need some societies that are a little bit more advanced than others , you know --
Yeah , right .
-- kinda like give and take and that 's what makes the world go around .
I just do n't understand like what the outcome is gonna be of this war .
Like I understand what -- why they 're going there , but I do n't really see it happening , you know .
I just think we 're kinda like blindly going in and targeting a man just because he 's the easiest target right now .
Oh , I do n't think that .
I think , you know , how many -- eight hundred thousand people he killed ?
Uh , I think we 're -- I -- I do n't understand why he would n't cooperate with the , um , UN.
I do n't -- I do n't understand that .
It 's almost like he has a death wish or something .
Or maybe he was just gonna dare us , you know , and did n't --
