I 'm a little on the shy side .
I do n't [inaudible ] conversations .
Oh , okay .
I -- I -- I talk to rocks and everybody else --
-- that does but , um , you know , this -- this -- this is funny 'cause a friend of mine sent me this email about this thing at work on Friday .
Mhm .
And I was n't sure I even did the on line registration thing correctly given that I was multi frittering at the time .
When but when I looked at my caller ID when I got home on Saturday , I think they had already attempted seven calls .
Wow .
I know .
I have a feeling the computer is off there saying , " I 'm feckless and unreliable " .
Did you stay on topic with your other conversations ?
Um , mostly .
Mostly .
Okay , I 'll get back to airport security .
Um , Yep.
The boyfriend is trying to embarrass me while I 'm on the phone with you .
Um , okay , um , I do n't think they actually want to do voice recognition of a woman giggling .
Or any other kind of thing .
Um , I also -- my brother in law --
Mhm .
-- he 's another one who they used to , this is before being terribly concerned about terrorism , they actually sliced open his brief case .
He had --
Wow .
-- the look of a drug dealer about him apparently and he would get pulled over going through customs every time , you know .
He had that look .
He had that look , too much gold jewellery I think .
Mhm .
but something he did n't believe in as a concept .
The thing that really got me , though , is that I actually did know somebody who was smuggling .
Mhm .
Who never , ever got stopped , hey , and he actually -- he 's , um , he used to travel on business also and the handle of his brief case would come loose .
Mhm .
And if he had to go , like , to Korea --
Mhm .
He would smuggle precious gems in the handle of his brief case .
In the handle ?
Yeah .
There 's like a -- a leather wrap around the handle of the brief case .
Does that make sense ?
Yeah .
Yeah .
Wow , that 's ingenious I guess .
Hm , sleazy is the word I prefer but probably 'cause I 'm just not too keen on him as opposed to the propential- not +potential -- potential drug dealer who 's really quite a lovely guy .
Hm , I would assume so .
Like , I 'm going to try to get -- I 'm trying to get back on topic .
I 'm trying to think about all the security .
It makes me nervous .
What about the guns in the -- in the cockpit ?
What do you think of that ?
