Hm .
I think it was , ah , kinda early in the morning too , if I remember correctly , about six o'clock in the morning .
So .
They had their fun .
At your expense .
Well , yeah .
It scared me at the time , but then when I could see them laughing I was , like , " Oh great . "
Hm .
Go flirt on your own time .
You 're about to blow my car off the road .
Yeah .
I have n't flown since then , but I think I would , if I really had -- you know , if I really wanted to , or , or needed to .
Have you had to fly ?
No, I have n't had to .
Mhm .
Um , but I 've also kind of just , um , avoided doing it .
Mhm .
I have a couple of sisters who live in Kentucky and I 've -- I do n't know , I 've just found excuses not to go down .
Mhm .
[inaudible ] it is kinda scary .
But , um --
And then , you know what , you do n't -- you do n't know who to trust , because like I 'll be in the library sometimes working on their computers --
Mhm .
-- and , ah , you hear these people talking in their foreign languages and stuff --
Right .
-- and they , they , they look like , um , ah , a foreigners --
Mhm .
-- ah , and I get , I get suspicious and antsy and stuff .
Mhm .
Well , I mean -- I am too .
I just think there 's , there 's a lot of hatred in that culture , and they have them -- you know , the means to be here .
Mhm .
And we have this sort of open door policy , accept all sorts of people , and , you know , it 's politically incorrect to , you know , to be suspicious .
I heard a guy though once -- well , he was -- he was a preacher , he was a Baptist preacher --
Mhm .
-- but he had been Muslim and he was a , oh , I do n't know , I do n't know if he was Iranian or whatever , but he was Middle Eastern , and he said , he ca n't believe that when he goes to the airport they do n't search him .
He said , " It 's my people that have done this --"
Wow .
-- you know , that -- look at me . "
And he says , " Of course we should be more suspicious" , and he , you know , to me it makes sense .
But , you know , we want to be all politically correct , and --
Not me , I 'd rather -- I 'd rather be safe than correct .
That 's what this man said .
I would rather they checked me and , you know , take fifteen minutes out of my , my life , than take my whole entire life , you know , than -- and to me that makes sense .
Yeah .
But .
I do n't know .
But that -- that is , it 's a scary thing .
It 's a scary thought .
