-- to keep you at work , but I would rather work fewer hours and make less money , to be honest , you know .
Mhm .
Mhm .
That way you have time to enjoy the money you make .
Exactly .
Right .
Yeah , well --
It 's either -- it 's either you have money , it 's either you have a job but no time or you do n't have a job and you have no money .
So what do you do , right ?
Right .
Yeah .
Or , you can walk a dog .
Yes .
You know what I mean ?
You can run in the park , jog around .
Even some people that , friends of mine , they walk around the park in the evening , you know what I mean ?
Yeah .
Like a bunch of my girlfriends and I may get together and we 'll just do a brisk walk , you know --
Ahah .
-- I mean , around the park , but then you 've got to worry about safety issues .
That 's true .
I try to , ah , try to [inaudible ] like a lot of my -- ow !
That hurt .
A lot of my friends , you know , they want to -- when they want to socialize they want to go out to eat and , ah , but that gets expensive going to restaurants and stuff --
Mhm .
-- so I try and switch them to do things like go to a walk -- go for a walk together and that way you 're not eating unhealthy food , you 're not spending a lot of money on eating out and you get to spend time with them and exercise at the same time and that works pretty well .
Yes , or even skating .
Skating ?
Yes .
Um , I have n't really done that .
Skating is very good exercise .
Oh , like inline skates ?
Yeah , or roller skating , ice skating , all of that is excellent , excellent exercise .
Yeah , it 's very good .
Like , it works like your legs and stuff like that --
Ahah .
-- your lower body , plus it helps towards , um , cardiovascular , um , what 's that , skating .
Bowling --
Hm .
You know what I mean ?
Never been bowling .
All those things , yeah , because it helps --
Do you , er , do you bike at all ?
Do I ride a bike ?
Ahah .
I have n't rode a bike in years because I had , um , serious surgery a couple of years ago --
Oh .
So I have n't -- um , I actually want to start doing that again , even if I do like a , um , a stationary bike ... um , I do n't think that I 'm secure enough yet , stationary enough , to get on a real bike --
Right .
-- and actually be able to go .
Ahah .
But a stationary ba - -- bike , um , would actually be pretty good for me , yeah .
