Oh , b - -- I mean , when you went to high school did -- didn- high school , for you , start at like , I do n't know eight thirty or nine in the morning --
Yeah .
-- and it end at three ?
Yes .
And you went between -- you know , you -- you usually went I think nine months or whatever --
Exac - --
But now all my teachers -- all my friends who are teachers also , are complaining because some of the schools now start at eight and they go until two and some of them -- schools start at , you know , nine and go until four and some of them are on these wacky systems where there 's seventeen weeks on and three weeks off and --
-- they just --
Oh , where they go -- they go to work all or they have to work all year , the teachers ?
Oh -- and yeah , and there 's some of them -- yeah , some of the teachers -- some of the school boards have gone to all year school boards now .
I do n't know , if you 're a student and you 're moving from one school board to another school board , that ca n't be very easy .
I ca n't figure out how all these kids are learning the same amount of stuff in the same amount of time , if they 've got all these different school schedules .
They -- yeah , you 're right they -- I do n't think they could .
No.
You 're right .
And then like if they start at eight and do n't , um -- and finish at the same time --
Right .
-- as the one that starts seven or seven thirty , they 're getting less edu- -- they have to be getting less education , any way you look at it .
Yeah , I -- and I think actually one of my -- one my , ah , teacher friends was telling me that the actual problem is not so much with the school boards , it 's with the bus companies -- the bus scheduling companies --
Oh .
Okay .
-- because of the busses .
Yeah , we 're having bus problems too .
Yeah , so I think , um , I think that might have something about it -- oh and also I -- I just think a lot of kids , you know , they just -- they 're , you know -- they 're either -- they 're more concerned with other things , like , I do n't know , being slim and shopping or they 've got -- a lot of the kids in her class have second jobs or -- or first jobs and they 're working more than fifteen hours a week --
In high school ?
-- which means they come -- in high school , which means they 're coming to class and they 're tired or they come in the class and they have n't been able to do their homework , because they 've got these other jobs .
But I do n't know it -- it 's --
