Right .
That 's the goal of the book , is n't it ?
That 's the goal of a reading exercise in the school is these are typically well written classics that -- that provide some sense of some place of education or some good stories .
There 's relatively a large number of things that could meet that requirement .
That 's true .
Well , I would just think more along the lines of , ah , majority would rule , but --
Mhm .
-- I do n't know what certain , ah , school boards are doing across the country .
I have n't been following that too much .
You know , I get -- I get -- I do get very nervous about any sort of school boards making decisions about what 's appropriate and what 's not appropriate because you can get communities that might be perhaps more isolated that are n't giving exposure to topics that otherwise could be very valuable to a -- to a student .
Right .
Well , I 'm against also -- most forms of censorship I mean , er .
Is n't that how the Nazis started out ?
Yep.
That and they took away the guns from the people ?
And this is where we got .
Well --
Yeah .
There are lots of examples of it .
I mean , there 's quite a bit of censorship that 's still , you know , they -- do you have banned books ?
There are a lot of banned books still in the United States .
That 's true .
And , ah , the government makes different -- government 's involved in some of those .
Yeah .
But not all of 'em , and others are just more state banned some -- some coalition has come together and lobbied the state government to say these books should n't be -- matter of fact , I think they even go as far , and I do n't have any -- this is n't particularly a topic I 've studied , but it seems like there 's even text books that get banned because they provide a perspective on history that 's not in accordance with a local or state --
Right , right .
-- group .
Right .
Well , it seems like the government 's in everything today , they 're into too many things .
Mhm .
So I do n't know the answer .
I do n't know .
It seems like the whole world 's getting worse all the time .
So what would be the ideal ?
What -- what would be your ideal in this scenario ?
That 's a good question .
If I knew exactly what the -- what the topic was but we 're going along where we 're at , so I would just think , ah , like you had mentioned .
Ah , if this is something the students want , you know , and they can , ah , articulate themselves in a -- in a fashion that , ah , would let the teachers or what have you know where they stand , I think if they 're -- they should be able to choose .
