Oh .
And then suddenly the girl , his girlfriend , say something on his ear and then he signed the ball and then throw it to my sister .
Hm .
But other than that he will not deal with anyone .
So , since that day I 'm like , " I do n't want nothing to do with you " .
I 'm like , " I wo n't buy your cards , I wo n't do anything " you know , that 's rude , you know , and why ca n't you turn around and tell people hi , you know .
Mhm .
So , you know , just spend a little bit of time .
Everybody else is doing it , even team members from other -- other , you know , all the states , all the teams --
Yeah .
They were being nice to everybody but not him .
Well , you know , I think that if -- if people stopped paying these high prices for tickets --
Yes .
-- just refuse to go to the games --
Yes .
-- then the players salaries would have to be lowered and maybe they would become a little more humble .
Yes , that is true .
Some of these people need to be bring -- they need to bring down , you know , it 's just unbelievable how they think that they can -- they are higher than anybody else because they get paid a little bit , you know .
Mhm .
And , you know , some of these people , some of these players they were -- when they grew up they were poor .
Yeah .
You know , they are all average , you know , and now that they get even more because they play baseball they think everybody else is just nothing .
Mhm .
And yet they were in that same position and did n't like it .
Yes .
And -- and now , you know , the people that are n't in the same posit- position they used to be they 're trying to get the money together to go see them and they treat the so bad .
But does n't make sense , excuse me , trying to get rid of this cold .
It 's going around in my house so it 's like --
Wow .
Oh , boy .
But do you go to the games a lot ?
Uh , no , I pretty much stopped going .
Yeah , it -- it 's not fun anymore .
No.
I mean it used to be a sport and it used to be enjoyable .
Yeah .
And , uh , it 's not anymore .
You know , once in awhile I will see it , like , it -- in the TV but I do n't sit down and see the whole thing only if my boys leave it on or -- but , you know , it 's like , " Why bother " you know .
Yeah .
It 's not the same , you know , it use - -- it used to be so much fun to go , you know , the whole family and have fun but now it 's like , jeeze , you -- you have to work a whole week just to see one day .
