So , when you were living on the coast did you feel an added -- added threat from --
-- terrorism ?
no , not -- not really just -- I did n't see Houston or Austin being such a big thing like New York --
Huh-uh .
-- that would be targeted by such , you know , terrorists groups and stuff .
Right .
it 's a thing --
Ri --
-- that did n't have much of a relevance not relevance , just did n't see much of a danger or --
Okay .
-- or threat .
You did n't think -- well , what about with the oil fields and the refineries and stuff ?
Even that I just -- the main thing I think would be targeted would be nuclear plants but there -- there are n't that many out here , so --
Okay .
-- you know , or much of that .
Okay .
How about yourself in , you know , in Minnesota ?
Well , we -- I live in rural area so I just , um , --
Um , I -- I just ca n't see us being targeted for anything , um , you know , like in rural Texas , there 's nothing here trees and farm land , so why would people --
Yeah .
-- why would the terrorists want to do anything here ?
That 's -- that 's true , we 're just too far away .
Right besides --
-- it 's too darn cold
They -- they ca n't handle it up there .
Right .
Have you done any -- many of these before ?
This is the second one today it 's --
Yeah , me too .
-- my second one .
In fact --
-- I , um , just signed up --
-- about a couple of hours ago --
-- I was so surprised to get a call already .
Actually , I got a call but I was away from my phone so I missed it then this came like another thirt- -- I 've had like three calls within two hours .
Oh , okay .
But I missed one , so this is my second .
Okay , good , --
-- alright .
So hopefully it pays off
Yeah
Hopefully they get something out of this .
I 'm hoping too .
Um --
-- if it does n't I guess we 'll find out .
I do n't know how long the -- the , ah --
Yeah , I --
Do you know what the -- the time --
I 'm not sure --
-- the downtime is --
Between getting paid and ...
and talking ?
Ah , I have no idea .
A -- a friend just told me yesterday to sign up and they called me today , so ...
Okay .
And you have friends that have gotten paid ?
Oh , no , he just signed up the day before and he told me to sign up , so --
