That 's just my opinion .
I mean -- I mean , you may be quite the opposite but -- but it sounds like you seem to have a similar point of view .
Yeah .
I really do n't -- I -- I have a hard time trusting , um , the intentions of the administration , you know .
I mean , I -- it appears that most of their decisions , when -- if you dig deep enough are pretty self serving .
Oh , yeah , I -- I fully agree with that .
Mm , I think that , ah -- I think it 's quite evident that Bush is going into Iraq for the oil .
I mean , there 's -- to me there 's no question about that .
Yeah .
Because weapons of mass destruction were supposed to be the reason for the war .
We have n't found any of that and the war technically is kind of over .
Yeah .
And we still have n't found any of that and now he wants to get the , ah , oil embargo lifted off of Iraq so they can sell their oil .
Yeah , surprise , surprise , huh ?
[inaudible ] and wants it , yeah , and there 'd be no other reason why he wants it off so soon .
Yeah .
And --
Yeah .
Um , --
So I do n't know , I do n't think anyone can be trusted any more .
Yeah .
If you look at France and Russia , they did n't want to go to war because they have interests in Iraq .
It 's not because they 're against the war , they -- they have things there that they 're connected to , like training .
Military people are selling them things and other things they 're not supposed to be doing that they did n't want to uncover .
Right , right , right , right .
Yeah , um , well --
I just -- [inaudible ] the governor of your state ran for president , he seems pretty , ah , on top of things .
Gary Locke ?
Yeah .
Yeah .
He -- um --
A good guy , I 've seen him on TV .
Yeah , I think that , ah , he 's a reasonable man .
He , ah , seems to --
He seems to see things from every angle , not -- not from a self motivated point of view .
Yeah , yeah .
He -- at the very least he studies a problem and you may not agree with his -- with his conclusion --
Mhm .
-- but I have faith that he has fully stated a problem and he has taken the path of , you know , least consequence , um , and sometimes those -- I mean , that 's why we have politicians to , eh , make the hard decisions , you know .
Oh , definitely .
And , ah , so , yeah , yeah , he -- I would love to see him right -- run for higher office .
Does -- does your state have any issues like California does with their governor though where they do some things that seem very suspicious ?
I mean -- --
