Well , this is my first survey , so ...
Me too .
Me too .
I was on hold , like , at least a half hour .
Waiting for them to find somebody else .
Oh , really ?
Yeah .
Oh , see , they called me a little while ago and --
And you hung up ?
No, actually , um , I was n't here .
Oh , yeah .
So ...
Well , they kept giving me the option of pressing tilde and they might call me back later .
And I was like , " No way " .
Yeah .
' Cause I do n't wanna answer .
Yeah .
Oh , I mean , the minimum wage does not reflect the economy .
It 's that simple .
Yeah , it does n't .
And then --
And then -- and then we turn around and we support people that we -- we 're -- we 're gonna bomb .
Right .
You know , it 's like , " Oh , why do n't we just use the money here instead of there ? " you know ?
We have so many homeless --
Yeah .
-- and , um , we have so many street people here .
I 've always said that .
I 've always said that we should help our own and not send money everywhere else .
I mean --
Yeah .
-- you get those people over there that are having , you know , ten , twelve kids , you know .
Right .
And then they -- they ca n't even afford one .
But I do n't know , it 's -- I guess that 's none of my business what they do , but ...
But I 'm against helping other people until we help ourself first .
Right .
Well , and that minimum wage does n't help us .
It 's helping everybody else , I guess .
Well , I think that they 're actually getting more --
Yeah .
-- than we would get working at minimum wage , you know .
Yeah .
And they just -- I mean , our state just slaughtered our school and , you know , here 's the President saying he 's gonna give more money to schools , but the state here is saying take it from the schools first .
And they 're -- they 're thinking about cutting back school hours and school days so they do n't go as of - -- as long .
Yeah .
You know , I -- what does that do ?
They 're talking about adding more to ours .
Oh , well , there you go .
Well , they just --
Well , now I know where ours is going .
Our town just built a brand new school , so our taxes just tripled , so ...
Oh .
But ...
Wow .
Well , I guess there you 're probably in the same boat then , that people could n't live off minimum wage .
Yeah , I do n't -- I do n't know how they do it , the people that live around here .
Uh , I think most of the minimum wage people up here are , like , teenagers still going to school .
