That 's right !
Yeah , that was pretty much the only exercise that I was doing for a while .
And then , mm , when I was younger I took dance for about eleven years , for about six to eight hours a week , so
Mhm .
But after that I just -- I stopped !
Yeah .
Let 's see , um , daily exercise helps me to maintain my mood and definitely my confidence in myself , uh , you know , just being able to [inaudible ] yourself and know what you really can do in a situation it 's al-- it 's always positive !
Right .
Yeah .
Yeah , I think it would help me feel a lot better because my husband always teases me about my poor diet and lack of exercise , so
Well , you should tell him to stop teasing you and start helping you .
Yeah , exactly , while he 's sitting on the couch smoking cigarettes he 's not really getting a lot of exercise either !
Yeah , exactly .
So
Go tell him what 's up !
Yeah , exactly .
But he joined the gym in Tallahassee , so when he 's down there working he gets to work out , but it 's --
Fair enough .
-- just not real convenient for me .
Oh yeah , yeah .
Understandable .
How far away from Tallahassee are you ?
About sixty miles .
Wow , that 's a pretty good distance .
Yeah !
Huh .
But , I mean , you know , like I said , there is that one gym here but , I mean , it 's crappy so
You know , even that -- just go in there and just , uh , work yourself until you feel your heart rate accelerate .
Uh-huh .
You know , you do that a couple of times a week , you start going in there a little bit longer and trying out different things .
It 's not so much like having somebody there to -- to help you out , like , to show you stuff --
Mhm .
-- 'cause you could figure it out , all -- all you 're really doing is really lifting stuff up and putting it back down .
But the key to all that is just go slowly , you know ?
Right , well how long --
And do -
-- do you think I need to at first , when I start out ?
I mean --
Try ten or fifteen minutes at the mo- at the least .
I mean , fifteen minutes is a good workout .
Okay .
Well , that 's probably why I do n't like to then , because I always go and I think that I need to be there an hour or something .
Oh , not even close !
And then you get --
Once you start sweating -- once you seriously start sweating and breathing hard , that 's when you know that you 've reached , um , a line , and that -- that 's your -- that 's the beginning of your threshold right there .
