I think , um , usually you 're fifteen in sophomore year , that by that point you 're -- you should be mature enough and indi- individual to be able to think for yourself and make your own decisions .
Oh , dear lady , I do n't know what neighbourhood you live in or where you -- what your background is , but I most heartily disagree .
I have met fifteen year olds , I have met twenty year olds who ca n't walk and chew gum at the same time .
Maturity is n't defined by a number , maturity is defined by the person themselves .
Sure .
I mean , there 's people out there that are fifty , forty , twenty one that are immature and there are some fifteen year olds that are mature as well .
And they are still children under eighteen , they are still children , and as I said before , I would n't want to expose them to any pornographic material but I do n't think that banning books , like , who 's going to make the decision to ban the books ?
The parent , that 's why we have parents .
So the Harry Potter books could be banned because the parents think that it 's a witchcraft book ?
Well , eventually -- eventually if someone wishes to read a book long enough , they 'll find a way to read a book .
I can only use my experience as a point of reference in this .
I came from a background which although -- although I was a hippie way back -- way back in the day --
If you 'll excuse the expression , that my parents were n't happy when I brought home Jerry Rubin 's or Abbey Hoffman 's Do It or Eldridge -- or that I wanted to read Eldridge Cleaver Soul on Ice .
Did you read them ?
Yes , I did .
And your parents allowed it ?
They -- they were n't happy but it was with my money with which I bought these books .
Okay , so you were over eighteen then or --
Oh , no , no , no , no , no , I was -- oh , gosh I wish I had a point of reference .
I 'll give you a point of reference for my age , I 'm forty eight right now .
Okay .
Ah , I read them during my high school -- during my high school year I guess about --
So it 's about thirty two years ago .
-- I guess about sophomore , sophomore so as when I turned into a hippie for lack of a better term .
Well , I guess like a rebel for the time .
It 's -- I -- I 'm ancient , what can I say ?
Ah , I would n't say that .
It 's a number but I 'd say every teenage year has a rebellious -- whatever age they grow up , there 's some way to rebel .
Oh , yes .
Like in the past kids had -- the guys had long hair and now they 're shaved heads or some kids have dreadlocks or whatever .
