-- not because you earned it .
And even though people would n't directly say it , you know , they were thinking it .
You know they were thinking it .
And they still do .
Oh -- oh , absolutely .
I think that 's --
I mean , that 's the thing .
-- very true .
Very true .
It 's still -- it 's -- I still -- I mean , I even feel it sometimes .
Like , I ca n't say I do n't , you know ?
Uh-huh , as a woman you do ?
Um , or -- or just when I see certain things --
Oh , you still wonder about it , if you see it ?
Yeah .
Oh , yeah .
Like how did -- how did they get where they were ?
Yeah , I --
Oh , I mean --
-- and I think still instead of there being this perception , " Well , they -- they had the proper background or experience [several inaudible words ] doubt it " .
Well , what 's that -- what 's her -- what 's Clinton 's daughter 's name ?
Chelsea .
Chelsea --
Uh-huh .
-- what 's her new job ?
I do n't know what she 's doing .
I do n't know what she 's doing , but she 's making a hundred [inaudible ] --
I know she got a really good job , though .
She 's making a hundred grand a year , fresh out of college .
Yeah .
Yeah , I heard that .
I read that .
I was astounded .
Like --
I know .
" Oh , my gosh .
What in the world ? " .
Does she -- did she come out of college and have that kind of , ah , leverage to do it ?
I think -- is it consulting work she 's doing ?
I do n't know [inaudible] .
I do n't know .
I -- rolling cigars or something .
Yeah .
Well -- she 'll -- she 'll probably luck out like -- like dad --
But yeah --
-- she probably knows how to work the system .
Exactly .
But ah --
But --
-- ah , it -- it 's really interesting , I did a lot of work when I , um , wa - was employed at my last job for eighteen years and we --
Wow .
Yeah , I got laid off -- just got laid off last year .
Um --
Oh , my God !
I know , it was not good .
Although I was pretty burned out ah , but ah it -- yeah , it was pretty catastrophic , I mean when you do n't know that you 're going to have that happen .
Ah , but ah one of the things that I was responsible for doing was , um , government contracting and I --
Uh-huh .
-- definitely saw , in working on the government contracts , the abuses that would go on with affirmative action , where cities would have --
Yeah .
-- so many stipulations or -- well , California eliminated it , but federal contracts that the public sector ended up paying far more and going with really , in some instances , very , ah , shaky --
