I was also thinking , like , not the World Trade Centre , but , um , what else is there in New York ?
There 's other -- there 's a whole bunch of big stuff in New York with all the people crowded .
Yeah , there 's just like Time Square .
Yeah , it must be .
That 's such a big city like everybody 's there .
Yeah , and then they also said , like , they -- that the malls or apartments complexes would be --
Yeah .
-- could be targets or something .
Ah .
It 's just -- it 's scary when you do n't know , like , what they 're looking for .
Like , I mean , I know , like , they just look for what has a lot of people , but you do n't know .
Yeah .
What kind of thing , you know , like malls , like , I know .
Some of the biggest malls -- like , there 's one -- like , one of the biggest malls around here .
Mhm .
Like , I think it 's -- I do n't know , one of the top five in the country or something .
That 's around here .
In size , oh , okay .
Again , like , the biggest malls are , like , huge , like , this one has , like , it 's two stories but it 's , like , broken off into two so it 's kind of like two regular malls , like , at one place .
Wow .
And it 's , like , say , a lot of people can sit there and you hit that , it 's , like , a lot of people right there .
Yeah .
Mm .
I just think -- I think most people are just more aware .
Like , with the news , I think more people are watching the news now .
Mm .
Do you think that things are safer the way the government is handling this --
I do n't know .
I heard , like , that they said that , like , because they 're putting , like , so many more pe- like , jobs and stuff for the security .
Mhm .
I heard that , like , they 're slowly , like , it 's supposed to be , like , taking away our freedom .
Oh , really ?
I heard that , I heard -- I do n't know .
I forget what I was looking at but somebody said that , like , it was just an editorial .
Uh-huh .
But they said , like , we 're not realizing it right now , but --
Huh .
-- that they 're , like , slowly taking away our freedoms and , like , the Constitution , like , they 're , you know , because now , like , you know , because they 're trying to prevent the terrorism .
Yeah .
But , I mean , some of it -- because that one guy they 're looking for , he 's , like , last known address was , like , the US.
Oh , really ?
Like , I do n't know who it is now .
I do n't know .
Something for the war 'cause he 's a terrorist .
Uh-huh .
And it 's , like , he 's in the US , like , it 's really freaky .
Yeah .
Like , when they 're in the US , it 's , like , that means , like , how are we really going to stop them , like ?
