Uh-huh .
-- ah , learning how to ah supposedly learning how to program things for giving people their benefits , although as far as I was concerned it seemed to be trying to ah tell people why they were n't going to be getting their money , ah , it seemed that the main things that I ended up actually having to work with were the pr- -- were the problem cases .
I see .
You know .
You 've been overpaid for the last two years .
Ah , hope you do n't want to eat , you know y- -- except of course you have to use a form letter . Ah , I -- I -- I think they 've gotten better about nicer about the way they deal with people than they used to be , I certainly hope so .
Ah I -- I
And did you f - -- how -- how did you --
-- I lost all faith in that system then .
How did you get into that after getting a degree in philosophy , rather than getting a degree in traditional social sciences ?
Well , after getting , ah , after , ah , getting my BA in philosophy , I decided to pursue my masters because I did n't know what else to do except that , ah , the , ah , university where I was pursuing my masters basically drummed out all love of philosophy from me .
So , I stopped .
Yes .
Ah .
And , ah , I considered going into teaching ; did -- took some , ah , education courses , realized that I would be a mediocre teacher at best , there 's too many mediocre teachers , they did n't need another one ah and , ah , in trying to come up with something to do , I found well , at least this was something I was , ah , I put an application , hey , they actually accepted me .
So that 's how I got into it .
Ah --
And .
W- -- I -- and what would you do differently in terms of --
Well , ac - --
-- what other field would you have -- would now , in retrospect , would you rather have been trained in ?
Well , after I , ah , the day I graduated from college my father said , " Of course , I always thought you should have been an engineer " --
-- good timing , dad and , ah , could n't have mentioned this a few years back , huh ?
And , ah --
But it was your choice , not his .
Yeah .
Well , he -- I --
You followed -- you followed your passion and your interests at the time .
Yeah .
Ah , my -- my major was technically listed as philosophy and religion because it was combined major at my college and my minor was social sciences or , as I say , I minored in hodgepodge .
Ah , I -- I basically would take any class that was something that sounded interesting that I did n't know anything about .
That was a mistake in chemistry , but going in to c - -- going into chemistry in college when you 've never had any chemistry , ah --
