Yeah .
You know , yeah , but , um , yes , sports -- they do take -- they will take heavier blows in -- in football and in boxing and , um , wrestling , you know , karate -- karate sports and all that also .
And another thing a lot of the , um , professional sports -- I think that it 's , uh , um , hard family life too , you almost need like two homes because --
Mhm .
-- like , baseball they come to Florida for spring training and , you know , they 're -- wherever their actual home is and then they 're also all over the country playing these games and it 's like that 's a pretty tough family life .
Yes , yes .
So , you know , something needs to compensate for that so I guess the pay is about the only thing that can .
Right , right .
And -- yeah , that 's -- that 's a good -- that 's a good way to -- yes , that 's a good statement because , um , yeah , they would have to , you know , two different homes , you know , 'cause -- 'cause if they have children and they have families , they ca n't just pick up and keep moving --
Well , I saw --
-- every time , you know --
-- one of those , um , those , uh , race car drivers , they have like a mobile home on wheels that they take from track to track with them .
Yes , they do , do n't they ?
Yeah , they usually have Winnebago .
You know -- yeah , that 's -- so that 's the only way they can really maintain a real family life is to take their family on the road with them .
And that 's quite the expense there too .
Right , that 's true , yes .
And then having to hire , um , to hire --
-- people to be with their family , you know --
Mhm .
-- such as , um , instructors , home schooling , you know , they have to , um , they have to be compensated for all of that .
Because they have -- they seem to have more expenses than a normal , um , blue collar worker .
Yes .
They would have -- they would have more expenses than they would so , yes , I agree with you on that , you know -- on that .
The other thing it really all boils down to , the sports fans are willing to pay the price you know , no matter how much the tickets go to the -- the stadiums are full .
Uh-huh .
So , obviously the public accepts it .
Yes .
Now --
' Cause --
-- I 'm running out of things to think about .
Mhm .
Well , I can think of something --
-- [inaudible] , okay .
Yes , I think , you know , if the sports fans , you know , do , like , um , [inaudible ] and -- and any --
I 'm just not -- I 'm just not a big sports fan --
