Uh , he sounded like he did n't know , too .
Oh , really ?
I mean , yeah , he 's kinda like just clueless , just you get a call and you go , and then there 's no questions asked .
But he 's been in the military for , like , eleven years , so ...
Oh , wow .
Mhm .
So , uh ...
Yeah , that 's gotta be pretty unnerving to have somebody over there .
Yeah , it actually is .
Um , which is probably why I 've taken such a -- a bigger interest in -- in what 's going on , um , as opposed to a couple of -- you know , Desert Storm , I do n't think I took nearly as much interest in .
Yeah , actually , that 's the same with me .
I did n't , uh , I did n't follow it nearly like I am this one .
No, it was more like any time I seen it I flicked the channel , you know , or -- or -- or changed the station or , you know , did n't really get into it too much .
So , what do you think of all this embedded reporter stuff ?
Um , as far as ?
Explain that one ?
You know , well , it -- it sounds like it 's a new idea .
With ... ? What 's -- what 's an em - --
Well , I do n't know .
Um , did they -- they did n't have that kind of reporting before , did they ?
Oh , no , no .
This -- this reporting is -- is really high tech with , uh , the cameras and -- and the people .
It seems very -- it 's very organized .
I just thought it was a brilliant idea to have them in there .
Yeah .
I mean , because -- well --
T- t- to a certain degree .
One , yes , because , you know , y- you hear everything , you know , you don- -- you do n't have to wonder what 's going on that you 're not being told about .
Mhm .
But the second part is -- is -- is I think that a lot of the information is being put on the news that does n't need to be put on the news .
You mean it 's just -- you mean it does n't need to be why ?
' Cause it 's inappropriate or because it 's just not news ?
No, because , um , I -- I think that a lot of the things that are going on , um , as far as having the reporters right there on location and things like that , that there are certain things that are discussed that to me would be a heads up to somebody else .
Oh , I see .
So , um --
Yeah , I do n't know how they control that .
I mean , I imagine it 's controlled somehow .
Yeah , I believe --
' Cause occasionally they say they 're not supposed to say this or they 're not supposed --
Right .
-- to divulge that , so --
Right .
-- somehow they 're controlling it .
