Yeah .
Oh , you 're a nurse , that 's right .
I was -- I just went back to work , uh , about a month ago .
I took off last May and stayed home for a while .
Uh-huh .
And I lost weight but when I work I gain weight 'cause we eat all the time .
Yeah .
And what did you say your first name was ?
Linda .
Linda , okay .
All right .
How 's the weather out there ?
Raining .
I just got home , I always work nights and I just got home and its pouring down .
I drove slow .
Yeah , are you --
And the roads are flooded .
Are you , uh , um , RN or a LPN or ... ?
Yeah , LPN.
LPN , my sister --
But it 's , uh , warm .
Yeah .
Well , rain --
I hope it stays warm .
Yeah , yeah , it 's not too bad out here either .
Nice enough to go walking and , you know , stay -- stay comfortable .
Yeah , this is the first time I did it .
I do n't know how we could have talked ten minutes on exercising .
Yeah .
Unless we was a therapist or something .
Yeah , I 'm guessing -- you know , I 'd -- it kind of would have nice to have some kind of , uh , a paper to look at -- you know , figure out what kind of questions to ask on -- on what --
They said it was on exercising but we talked what we did for exercising then what ?
Yeah , I just -- you know , for ten minutes I guess it 's -- I do n't know what else -- you know if we had a piece of paper that we could ask , you know , what you do , what you do n't like doing , do you -- do you --
Oh , I hate -- I hate sit ups .
Yeah , me t- me too , crunchies .
But I need 'em 'cause that 's where my -- my belly -- I need to exercise my belly .
Yeah .
The only thing big on me is my belly but that 's probably part of being fifty two years old too .
Yeah , I 'm forty -- I 'm forty five .
Mhm .
Yeah , it just kinda like hangs there this --
I know .
Everything else starts hanging along with it though too .
Oh yeah , oh yeah , you 're skin .
Yeah .
You 're just gonna have to start exercising a little more and using some weights or something I 'm assuming so ...
I -- I think sit ups is good for your stomach .
What else would be ?
Oh , just crunchies and eating some good fruits and --
I -- I do n't know .
Just -- just continual keeping yourself motivated and stuff , I suppose .
Yeah .
Well .
They said they 'd tell us when our ten minutes -- as I [inaudible ] on here let me look .
I got a timer on mine .
