I think I read it in school when I was a kid !
E- exactly .
Exactly .
You know .
And it was so funny for -- for me to see a TV show that -- that addressed that book in particular .
And I was like --
Mm .
-- Jeez !
And I 'm sure the show was Family Ties .
Mhm .
I saw it on a rerun recently .
And I -- and I was like , wow ! I- i-
Actually , one of my favorite stories is The King and I and --
Mhm .
i- it deals a lot with -- with slavery and polygamy !
Some guys like fifty wives !
Oh yeah .
Um I ca n't really decide what -- what we should n't be doing .
It 's so hard to think of ten minutes worth of stuff , I 'm trying --
I know .
So , do you read to your child now ?
Oh , I 've been reading to him since before he was born .
Oh , before -- you started before ?
And he , um --
Okay , I --
-- he absolutely loves books .
Mhm .
Um , he -- he 's to a point now though , that I 'm -- being -- being only two and a half , uh , he has a very large vocabulary already .
Mhm .
Joseph , I mean , he -- he -- he 'll read the pictures to me , you know , tell me the story , you know , like , " Tell me the story " .
And he 'll tell me , you know , what 's happening in the pictures .
And sometimes he just gets frustrated and he 'll say , " The end " and walk away !
You know , he --
Yeah , I -- I have a one and a half year old too , and her favorite are the counting books .
Uh-huh .
She likes counting books .
Counting back and forth !
Oh , that 's great .
It 's -- it 's funny --
Great .
-- because she 'll put the book in the different directions , the [inaudible ] going up and down and , you know , she really enjoys that and ...
Yeah , mine 's -- mine 's got -- been into books since , God , I ca n't even remember when .
Always had books .
Yeah .
I started them at -- at birth .
I did n't start at before that !
But at birth .
And w- with the children I -- i- I find it really hard but I try to find books that show kids of different ethnic groups and stuff all together .
Oh , sure .
Sure .
I live in California , which is very ethnically diverse .
It 's actually hard --
-- to find books like that .
Mhm .
It 's -- it 's -- especially ten years ago , with my older one , there was like , none , it was very difficult .
They would -- you could find all the different races but not all together .
