That 's funny .
Long spring break .
It was actually one of the better speeches I thought he 'd given , but ...
Mhm , yeah , I agree .
Definitely .
He 's such an interesting public speaker .
Yeah .
He did n't fumble any words that time , at least .
Yeah .
Um , let 's see , TV , radio news , phone ... what other ways ?
Oh , talking to people .
Is there a lot of talk , um , on your campus about the war or protests , anything like that ?
Yeah , they had a whole bunch of protests , um , before every -- anything ever happened .
Yeah ?
Like , there was -- there were , like , every day you would hear people yelling and --
Mm .
-- um , I know --
You mean like pro peace or ... ?
What ?
You mean like pro peace or how did it ... ?
Yes , yes .
I --
Okay .
Yeah , all of 'em were , " We do n't support Bush .
We do n't support the war at all " and --
Huh .
-- one of the girls I work with , her boyfriend , um , lives in San Francisco and he --
Oh .
-- is also a really active --
Uh-oh .
Uh --
Has he spent any time in jail lately ?
I think he got , like , hurt at one of 'em .
I -- something --
Oh , no .
He got bashed in the face or I do n't remember , but he --
I 'm sure he wears it with a badge of honor .
Yeah .
He 's probably proud of it , but keep up on that .
She 's really into -- she 's not as much as him , but , um , she tells me , like , all the stuff she 's reading about , and so I keep up on it from her a lot 'cause she 's --
-- and she 's a journalism major , actually , so she 's --
Mm .
-- really into it lately .
But --
I 'm sure she 's interested in watching how it 's unfolding then , too .
Mhm .
Yeah .
Huh , let 's see .
My friends , oh , we just -- we all kind of go , " Yep , it 's happening , but we 're still living our lives " .
Yeah .
I mean , I guess I 'm married , have kids , and I 've got -- my kids are , um , they 're four and six , so , you know --
Uh-huh .
I 've kinda been considering how do you tell them about that ?
Yeah .
Obviously , you know , they see the news occasionally 'cause it 's breaking into every darned program they could ever imagine watching .
Uh-huh .
Which I find kind of ironic that , you know , newsbreaks in the kids ' cartoons .
Yeah .
Let 's see .
Who 's watching TV at that time ?
Children .
So , be sure to , you know , tell them about all the people that 'll be getting killed .
Anyway , so that 's kind of an issue .
