He just wants the oil .
We have , you know , people struggling to make ends meet and here he is spending how many billions of dollars on this war to go over there .
Yeah .
What do -- what do we get in return from it ?
I do n't think we get anything .
We got cheap gas , I think that 's it .
And what about North Korea ?
Um , are you asking me ?
Yeah , what do you think of North Korea ?
I mean , just because they have weapons , I mean , if we can trust them , I guess , I do n't know .
I --
I think Bush , I think Bush is , you know , opening his mouth too far .
I think if we get into anything with North Korea we 're fucked .
Seriously .
You know what , have you seen their military ?
Yeah , they have a lot of people .
Have you seen how they look though , it 's like Hitler , it 's very --
Yeah .
-- scary .
They have a -- they 're pretty disciplined and organized over there .
Exactly and ooh , yeah , we 're really gonna do something with them .
Yeah .
Okay .
So what do you think of the Dixie Chicks and the whole -- against the President .
Um , I -- I really do n't care .
I 'm not a Dixie Chicks fan or anything but , I mean , I guess they should n't have said that in public .
They should n't have said it in public ?
If they feel that way then I guess it 's cool .
Pardon ?
I guess if they feel that way then they can say what they want , it 's a free country .
Exactly , just like Bush says what he wants .
Yeah .
I did n't vote for him , I did n't want him there .
Oh , you did n't ?
No --
Did you vote for Gore ?
-- and you know what , and I think we need to really do away with the Electoral College .
He did n't get voted into office by the people .
Yeah , that 's true , just Electoral College .
He only got it because his brother lost some ballots and changed them .
That 's just a little too -- his brother 's governor of Florida and that was a whole conspiracy there .
Yeah .
I think it 's fixed .
So you voted for Gore ?
I voted for Gore , yes .
I think Bush -- Bush does n't care about the people .
He does n't care about anybody but himself and filling his are you just not -- you do n't just -- you do n't get into this ?
Who me ?
Yeah , you do n't watch --
No, not really .
-- anything like that ?
No.
I ca n't -- I think you 're going -- I ca n't hear you .
We have ten minutes , shut up guys .
How much more time do we have ?
