And I think people , they were saying some of the neighbors were --
Yeah .
-- upset that she would do that .
Yeah , yeah .
I can see that .
I --
Yeah .
But it was funny , where -- where I was living in -- in Houston , that ’s where I grew up .
Mhm .
The people were kinda the same way .
They said , “ I just can’t believe that person is a -- is a , uh , actress” !
You know ?
Right .
And you -- you’re like , going , “Wow ! ” Kinda like your Harry Potter comment .
Right .
Right .
You know , why would you do it , or whatever ?
No, we’re very , very conservative here .
When I first came up here to go to college , because I was raised in florida , um , I could n’t believe , um , you know , how conservative it was around here .
N- and -- and nothing was open on Sunday , and people just did the whole , you know , they stayed home on Sunday .
Yeah .
It -- did you hear a beep ?
Uh …
I heard like , a little beep , I hope it ’s not my battery in my phone !
I did n’t , and mine was starting to warble , uh , we’re new to cellphones -- I’m talking on a cellphone --
Uh-huh .
-- and it ’s -- it just drives me nuts .
Does it ?
I just think it should be like the regular phone and --
Right .
-- work all the time and stuff .
And plus you can be places and it just quits .
Oh God !
And you’re going like , you know , so anyway , that ’s something .
But I don’t think it was mine , it could’ve been your battery .
It could’ve been because this is the phone that is hooked up to my computer , so I don’t use it that much .
That -- that ’s the bane of our existence , all the batteries running down in --
I know !
-- in phones .
It’s just -- it ’s literally stupid .
I know , it is , you’re right .
Well , how do you like this -- so I -- I’m one of the few people in the world who does n’t have a cellphone because I really don’t want anyone calling me right now !
Well , I -- I’m with you .
And it ’s kinda dumb because my girlfriend got one .
Yeah .
Uh , she’s starting -- she started working kind of across town and she does n’t like to ever running out of gas or whatever .
Mhm .
Well , so then , it was --
-- Okay and it was kinda neat to call her if she was at the store or something .
Well then , we had Verizon , it was twenty bucks more and they gave you a free phone .
Twenty bucks more a month .
