-- not just gender , you know , related .
Um ... I personally do not believe that um Spanish needs to be taught in elementary school .
Mhm .
Uh ... I think uh , you know , if you come to America and you live here , you need to learn the language and why should we uh cater to you ?
Other countries do n't cater to us if we 're there for any length of time .
Mhm .
Mhm .
If anything , if any language m - my -- I would want my child or any child to learn , would be American sign language .
Mhm .
I -- I feel that there is something -- more and more people are becoming um hearing disabled --
Mhm .
-- if not completely losing their hearing --
Mhm .
-- and I think that is something I 'd rather see my children doing .
Yeah , yeah .
Or -- or my niece and nephew .
Mhm .
Uh .
Well --
Yes , I 'm very American [several inaudible words ] .
Mhm ... yeah , and I just noticed that in -- in my travels , that in -- in countries where teachers are well paid , there is just a higher standard that they hold themselves to , the teachers a - are generally brighter and more well educated in a -- in a sort of roundabout sense as well as in their specific field .
You attract a higher caliber -- higher caliber of person to the teaching field if you can offer um some kind of competitive pay .
We are often , in our schools , we are getting people who just barely got out of college , uh and just barely squeaked into a teaching um program and some of them are practically right out of high -- I mean , they 're twenty two years old and they 're already being thrown in the classrooms where they 've got a hundred and fifty kids to deal with a day .
I think it 's ridiculous .
I think we should be um training teachers t- to get their masters degrees , getting -- recruiting people who are truly interested in their fields and -- and t- -- and teaching as well .
I think that -- that the biggest um influence that teachers had on my life were those from um t- teachers who were really excited about what they were doing and who were n't burnt out , were n't feeling put upon , were n't feeling really taken advantage of and being paid under -- severely underpaid when you log in all the hours they spend at home correcting papers et cetera , et cetera .
Um , it 's really kind of a shame .
It 's -- it 's an embarrassment to -- to our country that were n't not um rewarding our educators um i- in -- in a way that really reflects their ability and -- and the -- the work that they 're doing .
Oh , yeah , definitely .
It is -- you know , and why should teachers have to pay out their own money to purchase supplies ...
