-- they have no right to complain .
-- because of that a lot of jobs are created .
Millions of people working in that industry --
I do n't have any sympathy for them .
They get so many privileges , you know -- their profession cannot be as bad as nursing or teaching .
No, that -- that 's true --
-- but that 's -- that 's not a yardstick I 'd like -- like that you can say about nursing also that do n't strike , there are professions which are even worse .
Look at construction workers or look at mining workers --
Yes .
No, so that 's where --
Please , yes .
-- only the lowest common denominator can strike .
Yeah , look at the police .
You can say that .
That 's why I 'm saying , you know , uh , professional athletes they -- they 're a privileged group 'cause very few people get to become professional athletes .
And do you think they just become like that ?
I think --
No. There 's -- you -- you know --
-- they have -- they --
-- very few make it to the top .
I do n't know what 's the percentage , one percent , two percent --
Not even that .
-- of all athletes ?
Just one person pitch .
So , you know --
So , they have worked hard for it and , sure , now -- now they 're in that position so they 're reaping the returns .
Like , if there is some unfair treatment I think they should be allowed to protest it .
They 're entertainers , get over it !
No, they should n't strike .
Well , I guess that 's why this discussion -- that everyone can have their opinions .
I mean they 're -- they 're just given too much as it is , I feel , you know .
Well , you know , uh , what , Tina , uh , I mean --
-- I have migrated to America so --
Uh-huh .
-- I 've learned the thinking here .
But this kind of , uh , thinking is more in socialist countries and all .
And because of that thinking they do n't -- they do n't rise .
I mean , here it 's like competition .
Be the best you can .
Yes .
And -- and you will the best rewards .
Yes .
You do n't have to be somebody rich or something .
Right .
You 're a teacher so you will understand this concept .
Anybody can be anything .
Yeah , anybody can do anything .
In many countries , the leader of the count- -- if you have to become the leader of that country you have to be born in some of those family or something like that .
Oh , yes , that 's true .
But -- but here you can be a farmer 's son --
But here -- mhm .
-- and you can become the president --
Anybody can be anything .
Yeah .
So -- so , sure if you have this talent and you are reaping the rewards that 's great , I mean sure we can be --
