When , you know , we have never , you know , if we 've ever done anything as far as killing people , we have never , over here , laughed and danced and had parties in the street .
I know .
I mean , that 's just -- that was -- that was so sad because you know that it probably was n't everybody over there doing that , yet that 's what they chose to show .
And it could n't have been everybody doing that .
I mean , I -- it 's like the people over here protesting the war .
Yeah .
You know , it 's not everybody over here that feels that way , yet that 's what they chose to show .
But that 's what they show .
And that 's another thing , I think I started scrutinizing the media more after that .
Yeah , because you go , " You know what , you 're -- you 're egging us on " .
Yeah .
You know , and there 's no --
Basically .
-- there is no need for that .
So , I -- I did find that I stopped watching a lot of TV , especially the news .
Mhm .
Um , just because of the fact that gosh , you know !
That --
I -- I know there 's bad things and I do n't need to live them twenty four --
Seven , yeah .
-- seven .
Yeah .
' Cause you 're reflecting on 'em enough as it is .
So , yeah --
Yeah .
They -- they impact your -- your life enough as it is .
So
Yeah .
We pretty much stayed on the cartoon --
-- channel and Nickelodeon for quite some time --
Yeah !
-- after that , and even now .
Um , so what about the , um --
-- nation , you know , terrorist level alert like , orange , blue , green , do they mean anything to you ?
I fou- I found it stressful .
Well , only because of the fact that sometimes we were traveling and so , you know , you -- you -- you felt more apprehensive , I think .
Mhm .
But , I mean , when they like , when they raised it was times like , " Well , why ?
Why are they raising it ?
Why are n't they telling us why they 're raising it ?
What --" you know ?
Right .
And I just -- sometimes you got too much information and then other times it just seemed like not enough .
Yeah .
Some - th - that 's what I felt too .
I mean , I felt like after that , you know , we needed to be more guarded and all these secrets were coming out on TV .
Yeah .
You know ?
But as far as , um --
-- and looking from a non traveler 's standpoint like myself , they -- those alerts , those codes and levels do n't mean anything to me .
I mean , what 's --
Like , what do you kno - --
