-- you know , no , not either .
I 'm just afraid of -- in a flight , you know , just the general things that can go wrong when you fly .
Yeah , I just hope that , you know , they look at everybody across the board , you know , and not just , you know , um , target certain people --
Correct .
-- that they think are just , you know , um , suspicious .
Mhm .
You know , just because of the way you look or something .
Right , well for a while --
But , it 's just --
-- when I was flying I , um , w- would get targeted because I , um , bought a one-way ticket --
Mhm .
-- at the last minute --
Okay .
-- and I think that 's -- that 's something that they look out for and , what else did I do ?
There was one other thing that I did and someone said , " Oh , that 's probably why they called you out " .
Oh , yeah .
And I 've seen them call out all different types of people here on the east coast .
Okay .
Older people , much older people , um , pregnant women .
Really ?
Yep .
Oh , my goodness !
So , well , that 's -- a part of it is because a lot of the people flying back and forth on the shuttle are all the same .
It 's pretty much upper -- you know , its middle class --
Okay .
-- white people .
Okay .
So --
Yeah .
-- they have to figure -- you know , pick somebody .
Right .
Oh , man .
But , um , o - overall I think , you know , I think they 've -- they 've improved but , I do n't -- I do n't know , I think --
Well , they do n't let you park -- you know , there 's more security around the airport .
You ca n't leave your car .
Oh , right , yeah .
I mean , that 's why -- I mean , like my husband travels a little bit more than I do --
Mhm .
-- and I always tell him to , you know , let me know exactly when his plane is gonna arrive and , um , you know , if there 's any change to call me and let me know because it 's like a forty -- it 's about a half an hour drive from my home to the airport .
Oh , do you go and pick him up ?
Yeah , and I go pick him up sometimes and if I do I have to , like , you know , just circle the block --
Mhm .
-- you know , because I ca n't park , you know , just to pick him up , you know , so -- I mean , that 's just a hassle but I mean it 's -- you know , it 's -- it 's needed but --
It is needed .
-- it 's just , uh , oh my god --
But it is -- it is -- it is very difficult .
