What -- what kind of business is he in ?
He 's a graphic artist .
Oh , okay .
And it 's just people cut advertising .
Um , it was kinda a trickle down effect from other things .
Big companies that had --
Yeah .
-- been hit harder did n't use -- use us for advertising and now , um , our financial life is a whole lot different than it was two years ago .
Yeah .
Um , we have to be much more careful and we -- we think a lot more before we buy anything --
Mm .
-- because of -- because of that .
And before that we had never had anything like that happen to us .
Yeah .
So ...
I think al- -- like I also , um , have worked at a few newspapers as -- um , and , you know , you just see -- I mean , even looking at jobs , you know , for places I apply or , you know , whatever people are -- you know , have less openings than before and , I mean , it 's just -- as far as the economy , I think , you know , everything -- I mean it was so good for , you know , so long and then--
Right .
-- something like this hap - -- it 's just such a dramatic shift that , you know , some people were n't prepared , some people , you know , were just like --
And we live in a big manufacturing town -- we -- we --
Oh , really ?
Where -- where in Ohio ?
Toledo .
Oh , okay .
So , we have lots of factories here and there is a huge amount of people , um , have -- who have lost their jobs recently .
Mhm .
And they think that that 's also a trickle down , um , because those people are n't selling cars and , um -- it just seems -- and it might be partially the war too , I 'm not sure .
But , um --
Yeah , I mean it -- it certainly has n't gotten better .
I mean , you know , maybe people have -- people , I guess , usually think war , you know , helps the economy of production but I do n't know that it -- that it has --
I do n't think it 's helped anything .
-- so much this time .
Actually I have -- a good friend of mine goes to school out in , uh --
Boulen[ ? ] Green .
Ohio ?
Yeah .
So , I --
That 's a half hour from here .
Yeah .
So , I --
My son takes a gifted class there .
Oh really ?
Uh-huh .
Yeah , I went up there one time , uh , Toledo area .
Oh , okay .
So , um --
Yeah , we -- we 're down there quite often , actually .
Mhm .
Are -- have you always lived in Ohio or ... ?
Yeah , I -- except for I went to college in Florida .
Oh really ?
What --
