-- so you just have to wait --
Until the coast is clear .
Oh , go back and sit down and then --
Right , and don- -- no , do n't even get up unless you know --
Oh really , wow .
-- you can -- unless you know you can go to the restroom .
Wow , do they , um , l- stop [inaudible] .
And they tell you .
Yeah , they tell you , " Do not -- do not form a line in the restroom " --
Oh .
Um , " Outside the restroom door , please , you know , remain seated , you know , and only go to the , you know , to the , uh , facilities , if -- if they are free" .
Oh wow .
Mhm .
So , if you see somebody --
But , i- --
-- else getting up and going , do n't move .
I know , it feels scarier , you know , now with everything --
Uh-huh .
-- you know , going on .
Oh , gosh that 's funny 'cause I heard , uh , on , um -- I 'm not sure if it 's a train -- direct train to Washington , I believe that you ca n't get up to the restroom at all .
Oh , really ?
Yes , and a lot of people say that , you know , in a way it 's aggravating because , you know , y- these are things you ca n't control , but in a way it does feel , you know , safer , but , yeah , apprehensive when you do see somebody get up .
Mhm , exactly .
You know , I -- yeah , I think they -- I believe they stopped the plane , or -- and just head back if you get up , so --
Yeah .
I 'm happy to hear that 's not on every flight , you know .
Yeah .
So , what are --
Is n't that amazing ?
Yeah , I kn -- well , so far like I said , you know , I have n't been flying for a long -- a couple of years , like five , and --
Okay .
-- the last flight I took , I mean , I had a video camera and I remember they checked it inside out and , you know , it was like , you know , I 've never taken a video camera on a flight before so it was weird but --
Right , right .
-- you know , I 'm apprehensive about flying now , but --
Mhm .
-- it 's like , you know , you never know .
If somebody 's gonna do bad is gonna do it regardless , you know , of the transit system in New York City , you know , everybody 's afraid something 's gonna happen , but , you know we just do n't know and --
No, we do n't know .
We really do n't .
Yeah , have you flied more or less than before ?
Um , about the -- pretty much about the same .
Mhm .
Um , you know , just like you said , you know you just -- you pray , you trust in the Lord and you just do what you have to do .
