Each and every day , but do you have , um , school age children ?
Have you noticed any changes in the -- in the schools ' safety and security since this happened ?
Uh , I have not , uh , and I do have sch - I have three school age children .
I have not noticed any significant -- I mean , immediately following nine eleven , yes , um , you know , they were very security conscious , um , now the only change really in our school -- we -- we 're in a little suburban , little ur- you know , very suburban --
Mhm .
-- area , so it 's not , um , a city or anything , and I think we 're very complacent , feeling that we 're safe .
Yeah .
Um , we have visitor badges that we have to go in and sign in on and we 're supposed to wear them throughout the school , which is new .
Other than --
Yeah , well --
-- that , there have been --
Yeah .
-- no changes .
Well , got the same thing , where they lock all the doors , uh , from the outside .
Apparently you can leave from the inside , but from the outside , all the doors have been locked except for the one main entrance , and you have to go right into the office to register .
Right .
And sign in because before , people would just come in and go out as -- as they pleased , and you know , it could of been anybody .
But , um , I -- I know that they have put -- we -- we -- our children are -- are grown and out of the house now , but I -- I 've read that they 've got , um -- they were talking about installing metal detectors , but I do n't think they went through with that .
But we live out in a -- a farming community and , God knows --
.
-- you know , who 's going to do that , but then again , no place is safe any more , it seems .
I know .
It 's just , like I said , it -- it was easy , and I guess that 's why I was uncomfortable with New York City .
I would have felt no fear at all , being in my own home town --
Mhm .
-- but feeling like , if I was -- because who -- who 's going to want anybody , you know , who 's going to want to do anything to the town I 'm from ?
You know ?
And yet , that -- you know , that could be one of the very reasons why they would , for all you know .
Exactly .
Like I mean , we live , uh , within a twenty five mile radius of a nuclear power plant and they definitely increased the security after nine one one because of fears of attacks on that .
Um , they used to even have tours , where you could go in , and -- and they would happily show you the -- the facility , if you signed up in advance , and all tours that were cancelled , which is a shame for school kids .
