-- thing .
The plane was the bomb .
Yeah .
You know .
So , I g- -- I do n't know if that 's worth it .
Yeah , yeah that --
I think -- I think any way out of it is really expensive .
-- that seems a bit -- a bit expensive for what it 's worth .
Yeah .
Yeah .
I mean , there 's no way of like r- measuring the w- worth of the lives that would be lost , but then , I mean , some of the -- some of the ways to protect yourself is just not worth it .
Yeah .
It 's just not gonna have much of an impact , so ... I do n't know , um -- they want[ ? ]
let you talk for like ten minutes , right ?
Yeah --
-- yeah , a thing will come on and tell us .
Oh , okay .
Yeah .
All right .
Where are you -- where are you t- -- where are you calling from ?
I 'm in Fallbrook , California .
Oh , okay , I 'm in Texas .
Oh , really ?
Where abouts ?
Uh , Austin , Texas .
Oh , oh .
Uh , do you like it over there in California ?
Yeah .
It 's pretty good .
Oh , that 's good .
Yeah .
Huh .
Well , yeah , I guess the answer 's , yeah , and , huh --
I do n't really know what to say .
But I just found out now that you ca n't actually use , uh , call waiting , like while you 're on the phone .
I think the last time I did it --
Oh , really ?
-- I had to use call waiting .
Yeah , so I guess that voids my call from the last time .
Oh , yeah , you ca n't -- yeah , it 's gotta be like the full ten minutes or --
Yeah .
-- or you 're out .
Great .
Well , I was n't aware of that , but I just read the rules today and I do n't know -- and every time they usually call , they called like the most inconvenient times for me , so --
Yeah , that 's why I put down like from ten to twelve , because then I know that there 's only a two hour period they 're gonna call me .
Oh , see I left a lot of places open .
A lot of -- yeah , I -- I thought about that and I thought , " No , I do n't want 'em calling any old time " , then that way I know that -- between ten and twelve they 're gonna call me .
Oh .
So , that 's the best thing .
That 's probably a better idea .
Yeah .
I should 've done it like that .
Did you refer a lot of people and stuff , or what ?
No, huh-uh .
Yeah .
[several inaudible words ] refer a lot of people .
I know --
Yeah .
-- a lot of people that actually do this .
