Oh , okay .
I do n't know , it -- it seemed to go a lot faster , a lot more simple than I expected .
Yeah , me too .
It 's -- it 's almost , like , it 's been too easy , I just -- I 'm waiting for something real catastrophic to happen .
Yeah , I 'm the same way , I 'm , like , something 's gonna happen .
A little apprehensive about it .
They 're gonna find the -- the chemicals and --
Yeah .
-- it 's gonna be too late and somebody 's gonna spill 'em and ...
Yeah , or Saddam is out there somewhere with his finger on a button somewhere waiting .
Yeah , you 're quite --
What for , I do n't know .
Blow up the whole country .
He probably would , including himself .
As long as it made him look good .
I kind of think he 's gone .
Do you ?
Yeah .
I do n't know .
' Cause they have n't -- they do n't have any evidence of that but they do n't have any evidence that he 's alive either .
Yeah .
So , I do n't know .
I kind of -- I kind of like the hard evidence .
I think all the pictures you seen of him were -- were -- it either was n't him or it was , ah , --
Yeah , yeah , things that -- the misidentification .
And last time he was in the news a lot .
Yeah .
And this time he just was n't .
That 's true .
That 's very true .
I do n't know .
And they seem to have gotten a lot of his -- his supporters and -- and his sons and a lot of those people have been killed , a lot of his , you know , his Cabinet .
Yeah .
So , it could very well be .
But they might have got him the first time .
That 's tr- but have n't -- did n't they have video of him since then ?
Yeah , but he 's got a lot of doubles .
Oh , that 's true , that 's true .
I heard an interview on MTR[ ? ] with a guy who was a double for him but it 's not -- he does n't live in Iraq , he lives here , he just does it for -- actually , he has done it for Saddam but he was pretty funny .
He usually -- he -- now he does it for entertainment purposes .
But those people over there , they could , ah , have a -- a good government because the ones that are living in this country are living under our government .
Yeah , they have a good example .
But there 's just -- they 're -- they did n't start this government either , you know .
No, no , this is true .
And I don- -- the culture is so different , it 's so different , the way they view , um , every- and the way they view the -- the roles of men and women and -- and education and -- and all those things are so -- so different , I do n't know if they could make a democratic government work , because , you know , for however many years it 's been of dictatorship .
