No, no , he 's the one who has AIDS .
Another idiot .
Yeah .
What the hell was this guy 's name ?
I ca n't think of it .
Will Chamberlain .
Yes .
Yes .
That 's disgusting .
And it 's also , I think --
Ugh .
-- physically impossible .
Oh , okay , well --
What -- what age would he have to start at and how many women would have to have a night --
-- in order to do this ?
Yeah , Magic Johnson , what did he need ?
The guy had it all --
Yeah .
-- and he -- he -- he -- he -- he -- let 's say , he engaged in perverted behavior .
Mhm .
And now he 's , uh , you know , stupid , stupid , stupid , mm .
Well , I do n't know these people they 're just all --
Perverted ?
-- sub intelligence if you ask me .
Degenerate , bizarre ?
They 're all -- a lot of 'em are just , I do n't know , sub intelligent .
You give 'em a little bit of money and they go nuts .
I -- I --
And they think -- oh , and they think they 're above the law .
Yes .
They can do whatever --
Yes , yes , yes --
-- they want because they get paid a million dollars year .
A million , try a billions .
Well , yeah .
You know that guy who was a basketball player , he 's from New Jersey , he murdered his chauffeur .
Oh , my god , really ?
Yeah , when was this ?
A couple of month ago .
I did n't hear that one .
He murdered his chauffeur and then he denied it , he tried to cover it up .
Oh , brother .
But , uh , they got him .
I guess he 's gonna go -- they 'll try him and who the hell knows if he has a good lawyer .
Yeah , he 'll just buy his way out like OJ.
He could get off , who the hell knows about that , right ?
He 'll just buy his way out like OJ did .
Yeah , right , exa - exactly .
The --
And who -- who in the whole world does n't think this pro- previously professional football player that played for Buffalo , where I live , did n't kill his wife ?
I mean , what 's -- what 's bizarre is that how did -- what 's the -- how did he kill them both .
I mean , okay I could see --
He was waiting for 'em in the dark and he -- he nailed them before they could do anything .
Get the guy first and --
For both of them ?
Well , heck , yeah .
He 's strong , the guy was a -- the guy was a bit of a -- of a fan if you ask me and , uh , you get the guy first and she 's gonna be no match for him at all .
She would be no match for him .
