And --
You think athletes are bad , how about the movie stars ?
I mean --
Yes , yeah I know --
-- they 're even worse .
-- those two .
Getting twenty two million dollars to make one film , I mean , really !
I know .
What is wrong with this country ?
Something I -- it 's just I do n't like it now that I can -- that I have to pay for a car the same that I used to pay for house .
Oh , I know .
Is n't that just unreal ?
I just --
I -- and it 's because it -- I really feel it 's because people like the people that are in sports that have gotten higher and higher wages and it 's -- everything is -- goes in accordance with everything else .
Yeah .
Everything does because that money 's got to come from somewhere .
Right .
You know , every time those salaries go up then the tickets go up , you bet .
And -- or -- and -- and they have to have a new stadium every other year .
Oh , we 've been dealing with that .
I feel bad about it because my husband works for a company that is an architectural firm and they wanted to design the new Twins stadium but , uh , the , uh , climate[ ? ] in Minnesota was they did n't not want any taxpayer dollars to go for it so they 've -- they 've shot down every single proposal for a stadium and part of me --
-- is going , " Yay , no more taxes " and the other part of me --
-- is going , " Oh , boo , that 's a job my husband could be working on " .
So , we 're kinda caught between a rock and a hard place .
Right .
So , I think I -- I have to go with the taxpayers side because we 've got multi million dollar business owners who do n't want to chip in any money but they want a brand new stadium .
Right .
Uh , and the stadium --
And we 've got a -- they just did a , uh , thing down here , uh , our baseball -- our basketball team left from Charlotte .
Oh .
And they went down to [inaudible ] Florida , so they brought in -- tried to bring in a new one .
So , they 're trying to decide who has the most money to come in .
Yeah , absolutely .
And the persons coming in want another new stadium .
Yeah , it 's -- and it 's just like that all over .
It 's -- it 's -- and that kind of mentality 's spread because it 's like , uh , we 've local fire departments here .
One fire department gets a new fire station and everybody else wants a new one too .
Oh , wow .
And someone gets a new fire truck , you know --
I know , it -- it -- it goes -- it goes from person to person , it really does .
