Right or wrong , right .
Correct .
Right or wrong , I think , whenever I 'm in public places and I see that people that could possibly be a terrorist I -- I think , " Well , you know , what are they up to ? "
You wonder if people are going to start doing suicide bombing and --
Yeah .
-- and things like that .
This is true .
But that 's really -- there 's not -- where I live there 's not a lot of diversity .
We have a university --
Oh , are you by the university of West Virginia ?
No, no , no , I -- we 're close to Marshall , Marshall University .
Okay .
And so -- but that 's really all .
I mean , I do n't , like you said , hide in the basement or --
I do n't worry about things like that much .
I -- I would go to New York .
I do n't --
Yeah , I would too .
There is absolutely no --
I would go to Washington .
-- reason I would n't do that .
Actually , I would like to go there .
Yeah , I would too -- would too .
I -- I --
But I 'm not sure I 'd fly .
No, I 'd probably would n't fly because I just would n't .
Right .
Well , it 's not that far away .
Right .
I 'd probably take a train , it 's just easier .
Right , right .
But , um --
And -- I 'm trying to think what else .
The bioterrorism thing , I guess , you know , after nine eleven with Anthrax and stuff I -- I worry about --
Yes .
-- that 'cause my husband is a nurse .
But , again , what can you do about it ?
There 's not anything you can do about it so --
No, there is n't .
I 'm kinda that type person you 'd make yourself crazy if you --
Yes , you would .
You would absolutely make yourself crazy .
But , um -- I do n't know .
Yeah .
Yeah , I -- you know , I -- what about like wondering about spending money or not spending money or ... ?
Oh , I do n't worry about that at all .
We -- we bought a house this year .
We bought a new automobile this year .
Yeah .
So , I -- spending money does n't --
Course the field my husband 's in there 's always a need for it .
Right .
I guess if he was in a different field I might worry because his father in law got laid off a couple of weeks ago and he 's an engineer so , you know , it is n't just construction workers and people like this that are getting laid off anymore , it 's people --
Right , it 's everybody .
-- who have degrees .
But in health care there 's usually a need and I guess I do n't think about it that much .
He -- there 's always a job for a nurse so I do n't really worry about it .
