-- you know , one thing --
-- it 's like a fatalist kind of view and it 's kinda how I feel , like f - fate -- fate .
And things happen in war , so if they happen --
Exactly .
-- they 're -- they 're meant to happen .
Well , I -- I do believe in destiny as well , so --
.
But one thing -- one thing that has really affected me --
-- um , after September eleventh , like I would like to point out , is like , I 'm -- I 'm from India , I 'm an international student here , and , um , I think after -- after September eleven what really has changed are the -- are the visa laws and the immigration laws for international students , you know ?
So , um , that is one thing that has really , really changed , and , um , that 's making -- that 's making things difficult for people back home to kind of --
Mm .
-- to America .
Right .
And , um , that 's really sad .
So , what I have --
What I have really decided is like --
-- you know , kinda of not to -- not to leave here --
Mhm .
-- 'til my studies -- t- 'til my studies are done .
Mm .
Because you never know , they -- they -- they might detain you back in India and not let you come back and finish your , you know , finish your studies here .
So --
Yeah , it -- it seems problematic .
I do n't know what the good answer to that is .
I mean , it 's -- it 's -- for someone that genuinely wants to -- to visit this country and to get an education --
Uh-huh .
-- I mean , that 's something that anybody who --
Has a right to do .
-- who -- anybody should have the right to do that .
At the same time --
Exactly .
Exactly .
-- more -- several of the September eleven hijackers were pr- -- either were at the time or previously lived in the United States on their student visas .
Yeah .
And -- and that 's something you -- you gotta look at too .
It 's -- that 's -- that 's a t- -- it 's a tricky -- it 's a tricky situation .
No, but the thing is -- no , but the thing is , Chris , now they have a database where they know that students who are here , uh , f - like students from a k - um , like , overseas who are here , they are like , really enrolled in courses and that they 're really studying and not --
Mm .
-- just -- not just [several inaudible words ] away .
So what I 'm concerned about is that in spite of all that , in spite of all that tracking and having such a good database and everything , that --
-- you know , you 're -- you 're probably detaining even the most deserving students to be able to come here and , you know what I mean ?
