Especially like with our women 's team also is kind of funny .
If you watch the women 's basketball , which people rarely do .
How far did they get this year ?
They also go to the final four , if anyone cares .
Oh , really ?
Yeah , I -- I was the game and I was laughing 'cause we were leading the whole game and then , like , the last minute or so , uh , what happens was -- well , like they give up -- first of all they give 'em three [inaudible ] for no reason and then they let them convert four points off a free throw and then , like , they missed their own free throws .
So , it was just like ridiculous .
They lost like ten points in two minutes off some stupid players .
I was -- it was just like , " What the hell " you do n't let four points off a free throw and like twice , you know , on the second bask - -- three row basket they got --
But , I guess , are you more -- are you guys more of a football school generally or ... ?
Yeah , we 're a big football school .
Football tickets cost a ridiculously large amount .
Like you pay like forty or fifty dollars a football ticket .
Well , is there still like as much enthusiasm over basketball , like , with the final four even though you 're generally like a football school ?
Well , yeah -- for like since this is the first time we went to final four for like fifty something years everyone was really excited about it .
You know , it kinda picked up , at the beginning year no one really cared about basketball .
I did n't attend any of the games .
I was like , " Oh , who cares " and then , like , we started winning and we got excited and in to it .
Then there was a big fury over it after we lost our final four .
You know , we were --
Uh-huh .
We 'll see what happens next year [inaudible ] hangs around .
Did you guys have any riots or no ?
No, we do n't riot , we 're too lazy to riot prop -
We -- we did .
We riot , like , the first year we were in the final four we lost in the semi final and then we rioted .
And this -- and then last year we won the whole thing and , like , we rioted even worse than like when we had -- when we lost .
So , our school 's a little ridiculous like that .
Yeah , I think we 're too drunk to riot .
By the time you 're ready , like done with the game you just do n't wanna walk anywhere , it 's like , " No" .
Yeah , well , I do n't know but --
Yeah , we 're not a big riot school for foo - -- I do n't know about football , what would happen if we actually ever won anything .
' Cause we never win any big games , even though , like , we were ranked number one , or so -- number two in the country at one point .
And we won like all our home games but then when we were gonna go to the final -- I forget what the final game is called , like which --
