Oh , yeah , so do we .
Pocahontas and Lion King .
Yup , yup , same here .
Beauty And The Beast .
Now they 're going to be coming really handy because my sisters -- ah , I mean , my -- my wife 's sister had twins last year --
Oh , wow --
-- twin boys last summer --
-- she is going to be busy .
-- and she had a two year old already --
Oh .
-- and so he is -- he just loves Disney movies and stuff and so -- ah , you know , movies .
So he -- they 're always coming up and borrowing , you know , [several inaudible words ] give him something new to watch because they get tired -- because he just sits down and watches them over and over .
[several inaudible words ] gets the -- almost gets them memorized .
Hello ?
Yeah , I 'm here .
Oh , you 're still there .
I 'm sorry .
It sounds like I 'm disappearing because the computer keeps calling me even though I 'm already online .
Are you kidding me ?
It -- no , it 's beeping through on the call waiting .
I -- I tried to shut off the call waiting but I guess it did n't work .
Well , that 's interesting because I -- I mean I have -- I did n't know -- I -- I have n't turned off my call waiting either but -- so you 're getting it on your side then huh ?
Yeah , the same computer is calling me .
Oh -- oh , because you can see the number --
Yeah , I --
-- that 's why you know ?
Yeah , I have caller ID , so .
Oh , you got caller ID.
Well , we 've been at least eight minutes , I wonder how long you 're supposed to talk .
Um , ten minutes .
Ten minutes ?
Yeah .
Now , how long have you -- have -- is this your first call ?
This is my first call .
My husband just did one right before this , like ten minutes before this .
Oh , really --
And that was --
-- and who did he talk to ?
Where did they live ?
Um -- ah , I 'm not sure .
I was n't in the room or anything , some -- some lady .
I do n't know .
Wow , that 's amazing .
She apparently lived somewhere remote like we do .
Even though we 're in San Diego we 're kind of out in the desert part , the country part of it , so we do n't have a school , we do n't have a gas station .
We have to drive twenty minutes to get the kids to the school in the next town .
Wow .
How many children do you have ?
I have three .
And what 's the range in ages ?
Oh , one 's only seven months and then I have a seven year old and a nine year old , so .
