At airports that only have like three hundred pe- passengers a day .
Yeah , that 's -- that 's kind of silly .
Yeah , well , and they ca n't fire the people now and it 's hard to relocate people so --
Yeah , that sucks .
You know .
Yeah .
It 's just it 's [inaudible ] -- I -- I ca n't help but wonder how effective it is , you know , hopefully though , be more effective than before .
Yeah , look , obviously , but did you see recently they 're training pilots with guns ?
I think that 's good .
Do you really ?
I really think that 's good .
I do n't think so .
I mean , you know , you ca n't rely on anybody else , mm , I think that 's a good thing .
Yeah , I 'd rather just have big padded doors on it that are unable to be opened than --
Well --
I mean , if you -- I 'm against guns in general .
Yeah , yeah , I can [inaudible ] --
Especially in airplane because if you shoot out a window , they 'll depressurize .
[inaudible ]
You know .
It 's risky but , you know , if somebody 's hijacking the plane
Yeah , maybe a baseball bat or something , I do n't know , but --
Yeah .
Well , when they improve flights , non fatal weapons , that would be preferable , but for now , options are a little bit limited .
Yeah , yeah , I do n't know .
I 'm just -- I do n't think guns are the answer for -- almost for anything except for cops , but --
Yeah .
The other thing I think is ridiculous is some of the airlines for security reasons give you plastic knives instead of real knives .
Oh , God , yeah , that 's such a pain .
Yeah , because -- because I 've seen this .
I saw a report on Sixty Minutes , um , about -- about , um , if you really want to make a weapon on a airplane you could out of -- out of a can -- a tin can .
You know , you could cut it in and a half and --
Sure , yeah .
And you can really gouge someone 's neck or something -- I mean , I do n't want to be gross or anything --
Yeah .
You know , so getting rid of one of those flimsy little knives .
Is n't really going to -- I do n't think --
Seriously .
You ca n't hold them by -- an airplane with a butter knife .
Yeah , I would hope not .
That would be kinda sad .
But , yeah , I do n't know .
Some of the stuff seems so -- a little insane , but ...
Yeah .
I guess you just kinda do whatever they possibly can .
Yeah .
Oh , I also read on something really funny , article about air -- airport security about -- actually it might be a good idea .
This author said , " Why do n't we -- in answer to the problems is just everyone fly naked " .
