Mhm .
-- to destroy each other and annihilate each other .
And , um , I mean , I have a -- a very dear friend who 's in the -- the army in Israel and --
Uh-huh .
-- she says that , um , that the goal is t- to -- is not to negotiate anything at this point , not to settle anything , not to , you know , give up land or make some kind of arrangement .
But rather to -- simply for every , um , every person killed in Israel to retaliate and kill another person , another Palestinian .
And it 's -- it 's this mentality of , you know , back and forth that it --
Mhm , mhm .
-- just -- it 's just very scary .
And the more I read about it , it -- it just -- today 's -- today 's news about the Middle East is reminiscent of last year 's news , which is reminiscent of the year bef - -- I mean , it just seems like nothing is ever really changing .
Yeah , you are right , you are right .
Um , I do understand that .
I mean , in Turkey we are a little bit far away , um --
Right .
-- from the war , even though we are close to these countries .
Yes .
Um , a - -- but I can understand you .
I 'm , ah -- I 'm -- I 'm in the -- in the place of -- we 're a little bit like I 'm looking to all that you want --
Mhm .
-- from the theoretical perspective , rather than like a - -- the real situation .
Mhm .
I mean , like for instance in your case , if you want to travel to Israel and , um -- like , this affects you , I mean , directly .
Mhm .
Rather than my situation here .
So , I mean , I can understand your concern really .
Um --
Now , Tur- Turkey has played a role in -- in -- in what 's going on with Iraq now , right ?
In terms of , um --
Yes .
-- being a base for inte- -- they 've been very , um -- they 've been allies with the United States in offering them , ah --
Mhm , mhm .
-- space an- and help like that , right ?
Yes , yes .
They were , um -- first they said -- I -- I guess -- I mean , they were into , +especially the government , our new government , they were into opening the bases on Northern Iraq .
Mhm .
But later on somehow they could n't pass the , um , what -- what is called ?
I do n't know .
But , I mean , the +Senate , i- -- they do not pa- -- ah , let the American troops to use the Turkish , ah , land --
Right .
-- on Northern Iraq .
And this was kind of like an u- unexpected result .
And the government was so upset .
But on the other hand , um , the majority of the people living in Turkey , like at that point , they were against any kind of war , um , toward any country .
So somehow it represented the , ah , the voices of people living in the country --
