Yeah , well it 's not that far back so ...
-- connected in our [inaudible] .
Yeah .
I 'm fifty nine .
oh yeah .
And I --
But --
-- you know , my ... my ... there was five of us girls in a car pool and they correspond with my mother every Christmas .
Mhm .
Um ... but ... I mean , it 's like we 're in a different world , you know ?
They live in their world and I do n't -- I do n't even belong there .
Right .
I -- I mean , we have n't talked since high school .
Mhm .
Long time ago .
Mhm .
In fact , I --
That -- that 's really ...
I found out my -- my very best girlfriend , every year she 'd write my mother at Christmas and say I 'm gonna ... I 'm gonna call at -- on her birthday .
I 'm gonna call on her birthday and this year I said , well , I 'm gonna be home on my birthday .
Maybe she 'll call and we found out that she died .
Oh , wow .
And it was like , oh my gosh .
We never got to connect .
Yeah .
You know and -- and I mean , we lived together , we breathed together , you know , we went on vacations together ...
Yeah , mhm .
We were the closest of -- I mean , we were like sisters and --
Yeah ?
-- after thirty years or whatever it was , there is n't any -- any other chance .
Mhm .
And that 's sad .
Yeah , it is .
You move away from where you grew up or where you , you know , all your best friends were and lose touch .
Yeah .
And that 's too bad .
Yeah .
It 's kinda interesting that you said that because I I never thought about it at the time 'cause I was thinking of the -- the here and now with my best friends .
Mhm .
And um I actually moved out to the west coast from Alabama where I grew up uh ... my first , like , eleven years and so , you know , I established good friends there and , you know , these were people when I was , you know , younger , I thought um , you know , I 'd have these people in my life forever ?
Mhm .
But having moved out here and it 's only been eleven years , ten , eleven years , I have n't spoken to them in ... yeah , basically , that entire time .
We -- you know , we wrote each other once in a while in , like , the first year or so but , you know , I have no idea about them or ...
Right ... mhm .
... anything and actually , another friend of mine ... actually , you know , as recently as high school , um , I have n't talked to him since ... well , I do talk to him now and again but it 's not the same kind of relationship as it was while we were still in high school .
