Mhm .
I -- I think that the money should -- it 's in the wrong direction , you know , it 's more to the wrong people , you know --
Yeah .
-- as far as I 'm concerned .
It seems to be that in the case of a lot of different --
Aspects .
Yeah .
Uh , teachers are definitely underpaid .
Nurses are not only underpaid but under appreciated .
Yes , absolutely .
Uh , firemen and policemen , uh , they 're lives are on the line , um --
Daily .
-- or the military .
Oh , absolutely !
They 're taking away everything from the military --
Yeah .
-- over the years .
Uh , my husband 's a retired military man .
Okay , they 've taken away --
Mhm .
-- things they promised them years ago .
Mm .
And , um , and -- and the new guys coming in , um , they ca n't live .
The enlisted men ca n't live on the salaries .
A lot of them are on food stamps to boot .
Oh , gee .
Because they move you around so much .
Mhm .
So , there 's a lot of inequity --
Yeah .
-- in the whole -- in our whole system .
Yeah .
Of course , when you stop to think about it , it 's that way all over the world .
There 's no --
Yeah .
-- there 's no place that 's equitable , no matter where you go .
That 's true .
That is true .
And apparently we have it better than anybody else .
And that 's true and no complaints as far as I 'm concerned on that part .
I mean , I enjoy my freedom and -- and I would n't -- I do n't take that for granted but , uh --
No.
-- I do , you know , I do appreciate the military and I appreciate the men .
Actually , um , me and my husband were talking the other day about I thought a military man was in the restaurant and I was going to get up and shake his hand 'cause to me , you know , a lot of people , maybe they do n't see that person but I do n't have to have someone in my family to appreciate what they do .
Mhm .
Because , you know , they 're fighting for our rights and our freedom and other --
I 'm the same way with --
-- countries do n't have it .
-- policemen and firemen and --
Yeah , yeah .
And all of them --
Yeah .
-- I mean when you think about it --
Well , nurses and teachers , look at what teachers put up with .
Yeah and they --
Look what nurses put up with --
-- they 're with our children .
-- from the doctors themselves .
Yeah , and look at -- they put up with our children .
I mean they take our children and have , you know --
