Yeah , it 's just I 'm throwing a keg around my place today , having some friends come over .
Oh , you 're kidding me and you get the phone call , huh ?
.
Yeah , I got it twice and my phone was dead and so I was like , oh , you know , stuff this see what 's going on .
I 'd never done this though , just see how it is .
Yeah , this is pretty much all they do .
They have different topics and this is the topic they 're picking this time .
Let 's see but , uh , no it really has n't affected -- the only thing that affected me was knowing the pain that these people are going through --
Yeah .
-- that are alive , you know .
Um , I did , when I was , uh , when our car was broken into in our home , understanding the feeling of you have no control .
Yeah .
Our -- my house burned down when I was like , um , sixteen or something .
Oh wow .
Yeah , and that was pretty --
That feeling of invasion --
-- scary .
-- and so on .
That fear factor , I think , uh , the people there they just do n't know when the next bomb 's gonna hit , you know ?
Yeah , I mean , I feel like a bomb could hit anywhere , here as well , you know .
Oh yeah , where are you ?
I 'm in Austin , Texas .
Really ?
The capital and I live like right next to the capital pretty much .
Like --
I 'm in Washington State .
Oh wow .
Yeah , so we 're a little bit apart .
That 's weird .
Yeah , pretty [inaudible] .
But the next thing that 's gonna happen is abruptly , um , the voice computer thing 's gonna come back on --
Uh-huh .
-- and give us time to say goodbye and then that 's the end of it .
Okay , and then I probably wo n't hear from you ever --
Ever again .
-- again .
That 's interesting .
Interesting [several inaudible words ] did n't it ?
.
Um , how old are you ?
-- things .
I 'm a lot older than you .
I 'm twenty one .
I probably have ki - -- yes , I have children your age .
Oh great .
My name 's Pamela Anderson though .
What 's up ?
My name 's Pamela Anderson though .
Your name is Pamela Anderson !
Yes , it is .
Pamela E Anderson .
So , I guess -- so I guess you get a lot of comments about that , huh ?
Oh yeah , big time .
But , uh , I wish I had the money but I would n't want the headache --
Yeah , that 's true .
-- to go with it .
I -- I bet you get enough of a headache as it is from just your name .
No, it starts nice conversations and so on .
Just in conversations and stuff like that .
