Yeah .
Somehow , the study managed to tap into a whole bunch of people in Illinois .
Huh , that 's interesting .
H- how 'd you hear about it ?
I heard about it on um , an Internet list that I 've been on .
Um , it 's for parents who had babies in January of nineteen ninety seven , which I did .
Mhm , mhm .
And it 's a group of mums who have been ... there 's about thirty , twenty five of us , who have been on this list for over six years now .
Mhm , mhm .
And one of the ... one of them got it .
So , I think , probably three or four more people signed up but it 's an international list , so ...
Mhm .
Not based in Illinois at all .
Mhm .
But ... so , that was interesting , to -- to do it and --
-- this is the first ... we came home from this vacation and there was something like , twenty messages --
Mhm .
-- on the answering machine from the study , so ...
Right .
Yeah , I 've had three calls today but you 're the first one that 's connected .
I 've been on hold for ten or fifteen minutes each time and got tired of waiting .
Oh .
I think that ... the -- the ... it 's sort of a slack time of the day .
Uh-huh .
In Illinois , you 're just home for the evening , are n't you ?
It 's about five there ?
It 's ... right , five o'clock .
Yeah .
So , y- yeah , it would be an odd time .
People are probably traveling and so forth --
Yeah .
-- from work but ...
So , are we supposed to talk for ten minutes ?
Um --
Or do we just talk --
Um , I --
-- until we 're done ?
Well , I 've never made it through ten minutes .
Each time , we 've run out of things to say before --
Yeah
-- we get to the end of ten minutes .
And so , I 've never waited ten minutes to see if the system comes back on and says , " You're done " or whatever .
Oh , okay .
So , um , we can hang in there a few more minutes , if you like , and see .
It might be kind of interesting .
I 've been timing it this time .
Oh , okay .
We 've been on the phone for five minutes .
Oh .
So , we have --
So , if we can make -- so , we can make it in --
[inaudible ]
We could -- we could make it another five minutes , I could find out whether the system actually tells you if you 're done or not .
Do you know if it 's crucial that we stay on topic ?
Um , I think , when I read the original e- -- posting on the website , it said , you do n't have to stay on topic .
You can -- they just want us to talk .
