-- the big tourist attractions .
Oh , yeah .
Did they close down Disney --
Ah , no .
I do n't --
-- you know , for a few days or anything , or --
I do n't believe so .
Oh , uh-huh .
But they did keep their eye out .
And they even have a lot of security now .
Oh .
You know , just in case .
Uh-huh .
Well , what I was concerned that I really -- I even feel this now , that the terrorists in -- in -- how can they really stop them if they want to get in there , and why , why if they had heard about nine -- you know , what was going to happen , why did n't the FBI do something ?
I mean , it 's , like , " Oh , yeah ?" , you know .
I mean --
Well , to me we have so many targets in the United States it would be hard to pinpoint what was going to happen .
Yeah , that 's true .
I mean , and who ever would have believed that the Pentagon would have been hit ?
Mhm .
Mhm .
That was a shocker .
That 's true .
Um , --
And my --
What they thought that , y- you know , was that our first attack for the -- that they had on the -- the twin towers do n't really mean that to - much to me .
Uh-huh .
They do n't -- I did n't -- but they must mean so much different in other cultures , that this is a towering , um , place that , you know , represents the United States , everything about our culture and everything , and finance and -- but they did n't realise that there were so many other different cultures in that building , you know .
Because it did n't just affect New Yorkers , it affected people that were there , ah , from all other countries .
Exactly .
I mean , I think there was like a hundred and three countries involved , or --
Uh-huh .
And that was amazing , even to me .
Mhm .
To realise that , that that many people worked there .
But I 've never been to New York , so I really did n't , y- you know , just -- um , but how big those buildings were , that 's what really hit , y- you know , and I 'm thinking , wow , you know and how many tourists were there to see that , and y- you know , there was a few other people that I knew that was in New York at that time , and -- is it clicky ?
Yes .
I do n't know what that means .
I do n't know either .
This is my first call , so I do n't know what hap - you know , I was just surprised today that they even called .
I was surprised also today that they called .
This is my first one also .
Uh-huh .
So I guess we 're just supposed to make conversation , and , and keep it going , until --
