Well , that 's extreme , but , you know what I 'm saying .
Yeah , yeah , I do .
Um , common sense , ah , whi- which I know is kind of a -- a minefield [inaudible ] put it that way , but I think generally common sense , ah , can take care of a lot of that .
Ah , you know you 're not supposed to , ah , ah , expose , ah , kids to -- to , you know , certain things like that , ah , not at an early age , maybe never and [several inaudible words ] not specifically the books but I guess this comes into play with like sex -- sex education , it 's kind of --
Yeah .
-- you know , the same thing there , um , --
I think it should be left up --
Some people --
-- to their community .
I mean , if you live in a certain community then the chances are you have similar values and if you happen to have differing values , then you should have options available , like you 're a vegetarian .
Right .
Yeah , I think , uh , -- I think you 've got a point there , you 've got a good point there .
Um , ah , I guess it makes more work for the ah , ah , you know , school administrators and teachers and that 's -- that 's probably how it should be , ah , you know , but , ah , try to accommodate everybody , ah , or at least the , ah , you know , whatever 's prevailing in that -- in that certain community .
Ah , maybe the only thing you have to consider is that , ah , ah , in a lot of cases the kids will , um , grow up and , you know , good chance they 'll go move to those other parts of the world , other parts of the country and -- and maybe consider that as far as , um , you know , taking into account community standards , but from there kind of maybe expand the scope a little bit .
And you also have to consider --
Ah , --
-- like being in a very closed Christian community that 's very conservative and let 's say you go to college in Los Angeles or something and --
Yes .
-- it 's like a culture shock .
Oh , God [inaudible] .
I 'm sure a lot of people , ah , a lot of kids , ah , you know , go through that right about that age , um , you live in a small town all your life and all of a sudden you , ah , you go to , you know , three thousand miles away and , uh , " Hello" , you know .
Um , -- that 's why I mean I lean -- my -- my own personal view is -- is I really lean toward as little , um , restrictions as possible , ah , for myself .
I mean that would be my preference , uh , you know , find out all you can about everything and , uh , dispel the mystery from there and , you know , um , ... I 'm -- I 'm not sure how .
I guess part of it is because I 'm not sure how effective it is to kind of , uh , restrict or keep anything from , uh , from anyone , a kid or anything else .
I mean -- the thing about this , too , I mean [several inaudible words ] they do n't learn about it in school , I mean , ah , the internet now , um , other things .
I mean it 's -- it 's -- it 's hard to really , um , keep someone from being aware of , uh , things like that if [inaudible ] -- if they really want to be exposed to it .
Um , at least at school where there 's kind of a framework there that , um , uh , that , uh , you know , ah , they 're kind of , um , introduced to it in a structured way .
