It --
I said , " If they do , I 'll go with you to Canada" .
.
I 'm like , you know , if you want to fight , I 'm -- I support you .
Yeah .
But these kids that do n't want to go , what 's the point of sending them ?
They 're the ones that 's gonna get killed .
Yeah .
Not only that , the -- they 're going to get somebody else killed .
Yeah .
So I mean -- so , there -- there 's been no real changes .
The biggest change was trying to explain it to my boys , because at the time my oldest one -- or my youngest one was in kindergarten --
Yeah .
-- and he 'd just started , it was n't even a month that he 'd been in kindergarten .
It was only , like , a couple days .
And it 's got to be much harder for younger children .
Mine are fifteen and twenty and --
They can understand .
Yeah , they understand more .
Yeah , my -- my children were , like , I picked them up from school that day and I was , like , " Did you guys hear what happened ? "
and -- and since then , the oldest one has been -- he 's eight years old now , and he 's like , " Are we at war with somebody ?
Why ? " He 's got all these questions and that 's the hardest change .
Oh , I 'm sure .
I know probably a couple of weeks after it happened , my kids were still , you know , paranoid .
And I 'm like , you know , " Go do what you normally do " and for the first time I can ever remember , we seen the Northern Lights .
Oh , really ?
And did n't know what they were .
There was this huge , pink glow , and it just kept growing , and my oldest one 's like , " Mom , I 'm out of here " .
I said , " Well , honey , where you gonna go ? "
You know ?
It 's spreading .
I said , " There is nowhere you can go" .
It does -- it does create fear .
I mean , even my seven year old , at the time he was only , like , six or seven , and even he understood enough that it caused him fear .
I mean , 'cause --
Yeah .
-- we came home and I said , " Well , we have to go to the store " and he 's like , " I do n't want to go , you know , they might bomb something or they might hit something with an airplane " .
I said , " What are they going to do ? Run an airplane into your school ? " .
I know people at my husband 's work that were building bomb shelters and I 'm like , " Are you all crazy ? " .
You know ?
What good is that gonna do you because if you survive , how long is that bomb shelter gonna to sustain you ?
Yeah .
There 's that .
Yeah .
I said , you know , " If it 's your time to go , when you walk out , you 're going " , you know ? .
