It is .
Um , t he people that go to , um , let 's say a -- I do n't know , we 'll pick a big store .
A w- I do n't know .
Nordstroms , Sears , something like that --
I think --
-- some big department store .
They hire groups o - of people --
Uh-huh .
-- ah , they hire a firm who sends pretend customers in who are looking for certain service items .
So , you go in looking for a blouse or whatever and , you know , approach the little sales lady and ask her if she can take you to pink blouses and -- and then you grade them , more or less , on their service , later .
And then the company pays you .
That 's a secret shopper .
Oh , interesting --
And so they , um , they have a -- a national group and the group has a bulletin board of sorts on line and they sent out this email to the members of the -- of this group which I happen to belong to saying , ah , that this company , the University of Pennsylvania , was looking for voice samples at , oh , however much it was .
Ten bucks a phone call or something .
So , I was like , but that 's only a painless source , like ten bucks you know --
Really .
-- so , I -- that 's how I signed up was 'cause they -- I heard about it and they -- it 's been a couple of months , I think , since I , ah , initially did .
Wow , I ca n't even remember how I signed up .
Huh .
I 'm going to have to -- after the call is done , well , I 'm going to have to go back and figure it out .
Go back and figure out .
I almost could n't find my pin number because --
-- I could n't remember where I put it 'cause this is the first one .
So , when I first signed on --
-- they gave me three minut- thirty seconds till I find myself --
Uh-huh .
-- so I took the thirty seconds to go find my pin number .
That 's great .
So , anyway --
Yeah , um , I -- I do a lot of online surveys so -- so maybe --
Uh-huh .
-- that 's -- maybe that 's how I --
That 's probably where it is .
Yeah --
-- got it .
Because occasionally I do those but , ah , but typically I do n't meet there -- whatever group it is that they want , or I 'm --
Right .
-- too late .
I log in like [inaudible ] in the evening that , by the time they were advertising in the morning they 're already full .
Right .
Right .
So --
Those are --
-- anyway .
This mystery shopper thing you might enjoy .
I do n't know if you work during the day or -- or have --
