-- did you play an instrument or ... ?
I was learning how to play the piano .
Okay .
And I used to sing .
So --
Okay .
I guess that - that 's what -- I guess that 's one thing I really would change .
Well , really but .
Now , this is my second call .
It 's funny I was n't expecting to get , you know , another call and I certainly was n't expecting to get asked the same question .
But , once you really start thinking about it -- I mean , you know , I love my life .
I -- you know , I do .
I have a great life .
I have great kids .
I have an incredible husband .
I 'm able to stay home , I mean .
But , I just think back to , you know , now -- you know , I 'm older and I 'm -- I 'm super responsible .
I have so many responsibilities now and it would have been nice for me to live a little bit more when I was young .
You know , to experiment some more .
You know , you know , to be more daring .
Like I said , you know , try a job or that was , you know , where I had to travel new or somewhere where maybe I had never , you know , I did n't know anyone or something like that .
But , I would never do it now .
I mean , I could n't for one thing .
But , I -- I , you know , I just could n't .
So --
Yeah .
-- I ca n't now , ever again , you know ?
Till I retire maybe and the kids are gone and my husband and I can do some of that stuff .
But , you know what I mean ?
Yeah , I --
Oh .
-- understand 'cause I guess now --
Yeah .
-- you know , you have bills to pay and --
Yeah .
-- you know , you ca n't just be , ah , id - idealistic --
Right .
-- about it .
You ca n't --
Right .
-- just go and say , " Well , hey , well tomorrow I 'm just going to let -- just backpack through Europe just because .. . "
Yeah , right !
Or I 'm -- I 'm going to just , you know , I 'm going to be a artist .
Yes .
" I 'm just going to st- stop working and just sell paintings for a living .
There I go" .
Yeah .
Yeah , well --
You know .
-- I mean , I think about what I used to live on every month , you know , as far as a wage .
My gosh , how did I do it ?
I mean --
Yeah , that 's --
-- how did I survive ?
Because , I look at my bills now and I go , " Oh , man , ooh la la " yeah , but , um ...
Yeah .
I think that 's when you have -- you know , tell me -- are you -- where you worry less about those things 'cause I guess then , you know , everyone , you know , was like , " Wow , just deal , whatever " .
