Mhm .
-- he 's probably got -- he 's probably got a thousand people on payroll , they get paid off of what he does .
Yeah .
So , it 's like when -- when you get into that limelight not only are you supporting your -- your family , your extended family , you have people who work for you who you support their families and a lot of times --
True .
-- I mean those dudes they -- they -- they -- they get the big money because they have big bills .
Yeah .
They 've gotta sup - support a lot -- a lot a -- a lot of mouths to feed when you -- when you get to doing that .
Lawyers come into play , there 's people trying to sue you and --
Yeah .
-- and things like that .
When you -- I mean , more money , more problem .
I -- No, I totally agree .
But I think that -- you know , I think like the -- okay , the minimum amount that a newbie on a NFL -- uh , that a NFL player makes .
You know , fresh out of college , right , right on , you know -- you know , uh , I -- I do n't know what you call it , I just call them new - you know , new person .
Right .
Is two million dollars a year ?
Okay , and guaranteed .
I mean , come on , ther- I -- I know there 's , you know , a lot of people that they 've gotta take of but for two million dollars ?
You -- you gotta be happy with that and then there 's other people that have been on the roster for , like , over , like , five , ten years that are making like thirty five , forty million dollars a year .
And they 're striking 'cause they 're unhappy with that .
I do n't -- I think that 's -- like I can agree to a certain extent that they need money but , uh , I do n't know I think that they 're becoming greedy when they start asking for more .
You know what I 'm saying ?
Who -- who are they asking for it ?
I mean , who 'd they -- they asking for it ?
What did you say ?
To get more -- who are they asking to get more money from ?
It 's not like they 're -- they 're asking , uh , the community in general to pay their money .
It 's like -- it 's like these , uh , whoever owns the -- the -- the team .
Yeah .
And see that 's taking also -- that 's also taking away from the manager and the owner and stuff like that because if they stri- -- I know the manager and the owner really all they do is , you know , manage and own --
-- it and the players are the same but , you know , it takes a lot to be a manager of -- especially of sports and stuff like that .
It takes a lot to do that and it takes -- when they go on strike and they want more money it takes a lot out of them , I think .
A lot --
