Mhm .
But there 's always something to do around the house or -- or --
Right .
-- or some other work .
Yeah and , you know , that 's the thing .
I 'm -- I 'm trying to figure out why I do make excuses .
To be honest with you , I 'm afraid to start exercising , thinking that I 'm gonna hurt something .
Uh , that -- that -- for me that would probably be part of it .
My doctor told me the best thing to do was just to start walking .
Mhm .
And he said that if I would just walk a couple of miles or walk around the block he said the -- it -- the increase in calories that would get burned lasts for nine hours .
Oh really ?
After I would walk .
Mm .
So , um --
That 's good to know .
Yeah , maybe I 'll do that .
Probably because I never had a weight problem all my life --
Mhm .
-- I really did n't pay much attention to it .
Right .
And then when I was really , really , really skinny I was n't happy being real skinny .
Mhm .
I did n't feel good .
Right .
I do n't know about you but I did n't feel good being real thin .
Yeah .
But , uh -- no , I suppose -- I suppose that I should .
You know what ?
Maybe that 's why we choose not to do it because , you know , I did n't feel good when I was skinny either .
And I did n't -- I was n't eating ri -- I mean , I just was n't eating .
I was n't hungry .
Mhm , mhm .
I did n't -- I have more ener- -- well , I do n't have a lot of energy but I have -- I think I get more energy when I exercise .
Mm .
When I do exercise --
Definitely .
Yeah , I think I 'm -- maybe my mental well being might be better too .
Mhm .
I know they say exercising in the morning is good and I know parents at school who jog real early in the morning .
Mhm .
I ca n't even imagine it .
Right .
Are you a morning person ?
I am a morning person and so that 's what I really should get up in the morning and do something , you know , before everybody gets up .
That 's why I like to get up early early .
You know , because nobody 's up and it 's quiet .
You know , maybe I should get up and do something .
When I was in college I used to do that stuff and weightlift , um , and bodybuild , all that stuff .
Oh really ?
Yeah , I was into body building for a while .
Oh cool .
And , uh --
That 's good for you .
Uh , yeah , I think it prob - -- I never looked so good .
I had put muscle on because I was very thin .
The doctors said it was a way for me to put on some weight .
