Wow .
He -- he quit but he went to chewing tobacco instead .
Well , you know what ?
I see a lot of com- commercials -- they have a lot of campaign - campaigns on TV about , um , you know , like , um , like , what -- what can cause , you know , what -- what -- what 's the leading cause of cancer , is from smoking and stuff like that .
Have you seen those commercials ?
I have .
Yeah .
And they really talk about , you know , like , um , you know , a lot -- um , a lot of the tobacco companies are saying that , um , like , back in the early sixties that that was the main cause of people catching cancer .
And now , like , they did a recent survey with the same company , there 's -- they 're acting like they do n't know what they 're talking about as far as , you know , what they said about twenty years ago about tobacco , you know , is a -- is the main cause of cancer .
Have you heard that , um ... ?
I heard a little bit of these -- these studies .
Yeah .
Like , the same ways that you 're -- like , through the TV and -- and through newspaper , and I think that 's good that it 's getting out there and --
Yeah .
Because it -- I think a lot of people saw s - smoking as it -- it was n't a very serious thing and --
Mhm .
-- and granted it 's not as serious as some of these harder drugs , but I think it needs to be considered .
Yeah .
I 'm -- I 'm not talking about , like --
Because some of the ingredients they put in cigarettes , you 'd be amazed on what they put in there .
I mean , they were naming some of the stuff .
I ca n't remember exactly , but they put a lot of harmful stuff in there .
I mean , you know ...
Well , it sounds -- it 's nasty that people are taking this in .
Yeah .
Um , yeah , it -- I -- I think through these , uh , through the education people are getting through some of these public advertisements , it will be good .
And one thing I 'm glad that they do n't do any more is , like , um , basically market the cigarette brand .
Like , I used to see the cigarette brand , like , on , um , like , at the -- at the -- at the gas station and stuff , they used to have , like , the -- the Salem -- um , like , the , um , the billboard or whatever .
But I do n't see that any more like I used to , so I think that 's a good thing as well .
So , they 're not marketing it like they used to .
But now what I 'm noticing is a lot of young teenagers now are smoking .
Have you noticed that in Utah ?
Um , I have n't noticed it so much in Utah .
I 'm also --
