You know ?
It 's really sad .
I mean , you know , we -- like I said , my husband 's retired and we travel quite a bit , but we always drive , but if we 're in a -- in a larger or -- like a big city or something , you know as I said before , I found myself more aware of people and in watching sort of what 's going on , that I used to be so trusting and so it has took some of the trust that -- well , I -- I guess I 'm just not as trusting as I used to .
I always wanted to think the best of everybody , but you know , you ca n't do that now .
Uh , sad , but very true .
And I try not to -- I try not to judge people , but you know , but still I 'm more alert .
You got to use discernment .
You got to --
I think --
-- be thinking .
Yeah , I know .
It -- it takes a -- it takes a while .
I do n't know if -- if the nation will ever get back as comfortable as they was at one time .
You know , I do n't know if we will or not , especially if we continue to allow , uh , foreigners unchecked through our doors , with lax policies .
Do n't fly .
And I 'm -- I 'm not -- a proponent of that .
You know , I 'm sorry if you are , but ah --
No, but I ca n't understand why we 're so lax .
Why do they -- they say , well , we knew there were so many , many , many here , that their visas had expired .
Now , why ?
Why did that -- they not keep up with it more ?
Why do we have all these illegal aliens coming to our --
That 's right .
-- you know --
Right .
I mean , I 'm very aware , when I look at various folks were known to have nationalities in criminal behaviors , of terrorism and stuff like that , you -- you think twice , when you 're looking , you know , at people , because there 's so many of them .
Well , I know that .
And that -- you know , I just really feel like that , uh , there 's really a breakdown in the visas and the passports and checking and the security --
Oh !
-- that allows so many people into our country illegally .
Right , and then with --
Because we have a -- we have a humongous amount of people that supposedly is -- that 's their job to do .
Yeah , and um , when we have , uh -- that that 's their job , but they do n't really totally do it .
No, I --
Which is really sad .
I do n't know .
My daughter and her husband went to Mexico , to [inaudible ] this is before the nine one one issue , um , and they came back , he -- he went over to dive , and he had his diving knives , which he did n't even think about , it was in his gear , then later she said , " Well , they did n't even open it " , you know ?
And --
