Oh , I do .
I do .
I do .
They 're really , really sweet .
Huh .
Really funny .
They 've got nice little personalities .
They 're all -- you know .
Do they -- do you keep them together , same cage , or separately ?
In -- in the past I 've always been able to -- we call it bond them .
Uh-huh .
Um , they -- b - bunnies are -- form very close attachments with each other , which is one of the sweet things about them .
I see .
' Cause they 're like --
-- show their affection for each other all the time and they lie together and they groom each other and --
Mhm .
-- they just , you know , all -- some are e- even known to share food and stuff --
Huh .
-- um , which is not typical of animals , you know .
Yeah .
Um --
If I -- if any -- if any animal could do it , though , I think it would be rabbits .
They 're -- they seem , I do n't know , in general , pretty cuddly and pretty easy going .
It seems like they 'd be able to make friends .
I do n't know .
But wild animals are --
There 's another --
-- are wild animals .
Maybe that 's just a misconception I have .
Yeah .
Well , of course , they 're not -- they 're not -- they 're not wild .
They 're actually a different species than the wild --
Okay .
-- uh , bunnies .
Um , but , um , actually they can be very , very fierce and they will fight to the -- often fight to the death when they fight .
Really ?
Yeah .
So , and they will -- they 're also much fiercer than most people think , you know .
Yeah ?
I mean , people -- yeah , some people are , like , afraid of getting -- getting bitten with --
-- good reason 'cause when they bite , they bite .
Yeah .
Um , but , you know , they will , like , lunge at you and -- and growl .
Jeeze .
Yeah , they will .
And it 's like , " Huh ? "
You know , this little fuzz ball , you know .
Mhm .
So , it 's kind of comical but it 's kind of scary , too .
I mean --
Right , right .
-- some of them are pretty big .
Is it -- is it true what they say about rabbits ' eyes ?
Are they really that good ?
Eating all the carrots and stuff like that ?
Or is that just another stereotype ?
Um , they love carrots .
They like the tops better than the -- the roots usually .
Okay .
Um --
Do they see really well ?
I --
Is that something you can tell or no ?
Well , they see in -- I do n't know if you 've taken biology , but they see pretty much , like , three hundred and sixty degrees all around their head .
