Oh , that 's fine , it does n't bother me .
Yeah .
Yeah , although they do listen to our conversations , I think , afterwards .
They record 'em and analyze 'em somehow .
Oh , whatever .
As long as it 's not phone sex !
No, I 'd like to know what they 're doing , though , with the information .
Oh , it does n't matter , as long as they send me my cheque !
Maybe they 're monitoring to see how uncomfortable people become and how they ... how they uh ... whether they talk or not .
Oh , they 're probably monitoring you more than they 're monitoring me 'cause I 've got the gift of gab .
I can talk all day long on the phone .
Really ?
Yeah .
Say something , then .
I have been talking .
I 've been asking you a lot of questions .
Yeah , I -- I know .
I 'm kidding .
Yeah , I do n't know .
I can talk a lot sometimes but uh --
I just do n't know if they want us to talk about the million dollars or not ?
Well , I think they did but they 're probably monitoring how our conversation has ...
Mhm .
-- you know , ended up not being about that .
Right .
Well ...
But uh ... yeah , I think if I could talk -- if I could just write to my friends ...
Mhm .
If I had a best friend ... because that 's the first thing I thought when they said that .
It did n't sound specific .
It said -- I think they -- I think they said " Talk" .
Oh , well .
We 're talking --
But --
I ca n't go right now because I 'm on the phone and doing a research study . .
Give me ten minutes .
I should be off , right ?
It 's ten minutes calls , right ?
Yeah .
It 's already been about ...
Five .
Yeah .
They 're paying for the calls .
But --
You -- you -- you know what ?
You want to talk to him or ... you 're not registered [several inaudible words ] .
Well , you 're gonna have to wait , shit . .
Yeah .
I think -- I think it 's been --
I 'm not gonna cancel it because this is income .
Oh , jesus --
I think it 's been more than five minutes , so ...
I know but they say we 're not allowed to hang up . .
No, they 'll tell us when to hang up .
No, dickhead .
You idiot .
It 's not a PR thing .
I 'm being researched because you 're mentally retarded .
But uh ... yeah , I was boiling some eggs and uh ... I was timing it , actually , right when they called , so it 's been more than five minutes .
Right .
But anyways ... yeah , if I had a best friend , I could n't talk to him but I could write to him and they 'd give me a million dollars , I would .
Actually , I would definitely do it --
