Swimming ?
Yeah , a good exercise , ah , but I 'm also a big wimp so the pool has to be heated --
-- because I 'm not swimming if it 's cold .
And I do n't swim in the ocean and so it 's like , yeah , that 's probably never going to happen either .
Mhm .
Well --
They say that , uh , like , you know , even horseback riding is good exercise , so sometimes I try and get out and do that , bu --
Who ?
I think if you just -- if you do n't do something on a regular basis , just doing it once in a while , I guess it does n't really help at all .
Right .
I -- I guess you either need to do it , you know , or not do it , but -- and so mostly I do n't do it .
So , how old is the baby ?
Um , the baby is eight months .
She 'll be nine months on the thirty first .
Oh , okay .
Boy , that 's pretty good .
It took me -- it took me a number of months to lose my -- my baby weight and get back in my jeans .
Yes , so that 's what I was saying .
She did good , she was committed .
That was all she was worried about , got to get this weight off .
Oh .
She was committed to doing that and she did it .
Now , if I could commit myself to , uh , losing my little tummy and gaining a little muscle , a little buff -- buffness .
Right .
I know -- it 's like I could -- I could use to , you know , tone up a little bit .
I do n't necessarily need to lose weight , but I certainly could use some toning .
Right .
I- I 've hit forty and I 've noticed that I 'm not near as toned as I used to be .
Used to be I did n't have to work out and I stayed , you know , fairly toned --
Right .
Right .
-- but not any more .
My big problem is it 's just the commitment , is just making the commitment .
Right .
They say if you can do it like thirty days in a row , then it becomes a habit , but , um , I , ah , I 've never done it for thirty days in a row .
Well , I 've done it for thirty days in a row and it was n't a habit for me .
That 's like when I was in the military I was , you know , always working out --
Right .
-- but now , you know , got a job , living out in the suburbs , you know , and like you say , after you get home you just want to relax .
Yeah , you know , and then it 's like , you know , by the time you mow the lawn and do -- it 's like , " That 's it , that 's all the workout , you know , I can stand " .
I 'm trying to think what else I 've done to try to get myself to , you know , at least be committed to some sort of exercise , because I 'm sure that I 've tried a number of things , but I 'm not coordinated enough for any of those aerobics or step classes .
I , like , trip over my own feet .
