But -- but I have to allow for the possibility of a long stay behind some lines .
Right , that 's the thing --
And so it 's changed the frequency that I do short trips .
It does n't stop me from doing , oh , a trip with the family across the country but it stops me from popping up to New York to visit with my sister for just a -- just a day , which I used to do every once in a while where we had family business meetings and I would go up there in the morning and come back , dragged out late at night and I have n't made a trip like that in more than two years .
Well , I -- I still have family in New York and I usually drive up on the weekends but I have n't really done that in a while and not because of the nine eleven , it 's just I hate driving up there , um , the what , seven hours and then driving back .
Yeah .
So -- so that 's the only deterrent .
Other than that , you know , I would be going all the time but , um , my plans are still the same .
I mean right now , I mean I 'm in downtown Norfolk and , um , when it happened they sent us home because we -- I 'm in the building where , ah , the World Trade Centre is across the street and the Federal building is like two -- a couple of blocks away and then I 'm in where the coastguards are in the building , you know , so they started patrolling the halls and , um , we were more aware of security and that , you know , everyone was watching and every time they -- every -- people here were nervous because every time they would hear something they were like , " Okay , what was that ? "
You know , are they bombing , letting something go or what , you know , so it was , um , -- I guess the other people would make you scared .
You know , um , I did n't worry about it much but seeing the other people being worried , you know , kind of like it was contagious .
I live not far from Dulles Airport and it was wonderful when everything was grounded and then shortly afterwards when there were just a few flights flying , because instead of being noisy pretty much until about ten in the evening it was nice and quiet all day long .
Yeah .
You could hear the neighbors cutting their grass a mile away .
Oh .
And now it 's kind of just the opposite .
It 's not that the skies are so busy or so noisy but it 's that whenever I see an airplane or hear an airplane I stop to think , " What 's that airplane doing , is it supposed to be there , is it one that I recognize ? "
Right , yeah , that 's what these -- these people were saying over here .
And , where I live , I live in a no fly zone so , um , that 's a good thing but now with the war going on , I heard a couple of planes , I 'm like wait a minute , " Was that a plane flying over ?
Why are they flying over here ? " ,
you know , and you start getting concerned but , you know , it 's just that I guess they went a different way and that was it .
