You know , if those people had n't believed that a giant invisible man was going to give them prizes for blowing themselves up after they died or for giving them prizes after they died for blowing themselves up the whole mess would n't have happened .
Are you speaking of just those people that were on the planes or are you speaking about , like , the ones that are here in America too that are Muslim and believe , um --
Muslim , Christian , Wiccan , ferrianthropists[ ? ] whatever , you name it .
They 're all -- they 're all one in the same to me .
How about you ?
Um , I do n't -- ah , if they 're like the ones that are here in America do feel sorry for the Americans that did die in the planes and in the , um , and in the Twin Towers .
I do n't think any blame should be given to them even though I know a lot of people probably look down at them ever since this happened .
I mean , I personally do n't .
Um , I do n't think it 's because of them , that stuff like this happened , I think it 's just that there 's like a few that decided to do it .
Well , it is just a few crazy people but --
Right .
Uh , I 'm a -- I 'm sceptical of , like , ah , ah , -- just a second .
You know , I 'm just , ah , -- oh , well , my train of thought just jumped the tracks , ah .
You 're sceptical of what ?
You were talking about being sceptical about something .
I 'm just sceptical of all authority .
I -- I mean it 's like I 'm -- I 'm bashing religion because it 's -- because the faith in organized religion leads people to do really ridiculous things but it 's just faith in general that -- that bugs me .
So you do n't believe in religion then ?
No.
Oh , and you look down at those who have a belief or have a faith in something ?
Um , do n't really look down on it because most people want it -- most people want make believe , you know , I just -- and it 's n- -- not harmful for most people .
You know , most people do n't do crazy things because they are religious .
Mhm .
And again it 's not just fr- -- it 's not religion that is the bad thing , it 's faith .
I mean Chi- look at communist China .
It 's a total -- you know , they 're , like , -- they 're , like , totally anti religion .
If you are religious they 'll , you know , they 'll beat you up for it in China but --
But what ?
But they -- but the -- but their government is based on faith .
The reason they -- you know , the reason they do n't want you to be religious is because their government is based on faith in the state .
Mhm .
You 're supposed to -- you are supposed to worship the state there like you worship God so it 's still -- that 's still faith though .
You are supposed to just give them everything and they are going to take care of you and do n't -- do n't ask questions .
