That’s all it was , it was a fiction , you knew it was a fiction because nobody lived like that .
Yeah .
I mean , it was just fun to read .
But it wa - you know , it ’s because of the language and things like that .
And I don’t believe that it should be , I think children should be taught that , uh , you know , I had a -- a -- a sister in law who said , “ Hey , you know , words are just a string a letters” .
That’s right .
That’s it .
That’s exactly right .
And i- as long as that ’s all it is , it should not be censored .
Right .
My daughter home schools her kids , she’s got six children .
Mm .
And she has got them reading just exactly what they have to read and nothing else .
They’re not allowed to watch anything on TV by Disney because of Disney’s , uh , backing the gays , and that ’s her +sporm of censorship there .
But she won’t let 'em read Disney books either .
And I -- to me , that ’s depriving those children of a part of their childhood --
Yeah .
-- that is fun .
Well --
And she just will not listen to me when I tell her that , you know , “You’re depriving your children of an aspect of their lives they may regret later and hate you for” .
Mhm .
Well , I did do daycare before I moved over here , I lived in Kansas and I did daycare in my home .
And they did tell me what I could and could not allow the children to watch on TV , which I could appreciate .
Right , right .
Because , you know , I was a form of their -- you know , so I had kids show up and they’d say , “ Well , my folks let me watch Power Rangers ” and I’d say , “You know , that ’s great , when you’re at home you can watch Power Rangers” .
But I said , “ Unfortunately ” --
It’s rather violent .
-- “ When you come over here , I am not allowed to let you watch that” .
So , it gave me an out so that --
Right .
-- if I did n’t approve of something , I did n’t have to let ‘em watch it .
Right .
So I said , “Over here ” I said , “We get the educational channel and Disney ” and I said , “That’s about it” .
But --
Well , so you watch Disney .
She won’t even let ‘em watch Disney .
Yeah .
You know , I mean , a - as long as it was a G. rated thing --
Yeah .
-- I would let the kids watch it because I had young children .
Right .
Very young .
And I let them watch that kind of thing .
But it was up to the parents to censor at home what they did n’t want them to watch .
