Uh-huh .
Um ... so I quit watching TV and since then , I spend more time surfing on the internet than I was watching TV .
Well , I still surf on the internet and do that but since I only work in temporary office work , been slow working , I -- I have time to look on the computer and do surveys and stuff and stuff .
Well , that brings you to this one .
Uh-huh .
Do you li- -- uh , do you like doing surveys ?
Well , I do n't do very many .
I 've -- so far , one of 'em , I got five hundred smackers on because uh , I -- I did n't even do it for the survey ...
Uh-huh .
... I had a product that really , really pissed me off a lot .
Uh-huh , yeah .
So , what I did is um ... I went onto their site and they had a customer feedback thing .
Yeah ?
And it turned out it was actually a survey they were taking .
I filled it out until I got to the very end where they were asking your name and this and that ...
Uh-huh .
... and I just put in my email address and stopped and then uh about three months later I got a -- a contact from a place .
I thought , what is this , another one of them scams ...
Uh-huh .
... and then uh , yeah it said I won five hundred bucks and I went on the internet and looked it up and found out they were actually a fulfillment service .
So , I -- I sent back the email and uh about a month later , I got a check for five hundred smackers .
Jeez .
So , I was n't even try- -- yeah , I was n't even trying .
Uh-huh .
Wow .
Uh ...
I ... I sign up for surveys and -- and [several inaudible words ] .
I signed up at a advisory panel to do their surveys .
I get their surveys once in a while and I won their uh [inaudible ] and I got seventy five dollars and I -- and I said , " Is this for doing the survey ? "
So , you 'll go for seventy five bucks if you do n't have to dump your husband but if it was a million bucks ...
Uh-huh .
... you would n't ?
Uh-huh .
Well , he -- he 's in -- he 's in the next room watching TV and so I 'm usually talking to him anyway .
He -- he likes to watch uh sci fi shows and I do n't like to watch sci fi shows .
He -- he likes to watch Star Trek and shows like that .
Huh .
Uh and I do n't like uh shows like that so he 's usually in there watching TV and I 'm usually in the next room looking at my computer and -- and the shows I wanna watch , I 'll tape them and then watch them later on .
Uh ... he likes some of the same shows I do and he -- he does n't like some of the shows I do .
