Oh , the Rodney King one .
There 's another one .
yeah , that -- that was kind of scary .
I do n't know where you live but I 'm only probably about -- forty minutes from LA .
Oh , wow .
Yeah , I was in Houston at the time that that happened .
Yeah .
And , yeah , now I 'm in Iowa .
Oh , wow .
Yeah , far from anything big .
Must be nice .
It gets kind of boring after a while .
well , I 'd -- I 'd like a little less excitement .
I can understand that .
But --
So were you actually in town when the riots happened ?
No, no .
I was , you know , actually I think I was only , God , what , seventeen when that happened .
Okay .
So I -- you know , I would n't be down there .
I -- I live about forty minutes -- forty miles north , so you go down there for everything .
I work down there but at the same time , when I was younger I did n't leave town , so I mean , it was n't a big thing for me except to watch it on TV .
Okay .
Still it had to be pretty frightening ?
Yeah , because , you know , you kind of all know where they are going to go with that .
You just --
You do n't know how far or whoever 's going to take it .
And you have to wonder just how much the media coverage , you know , led to the situation being even more racially charged .
Oh , I 'm sure , very much so , very much so , especially just like what the Rodney King thing then turned into , you know , the big riots there and then that Reginald Dennie guy , the white man that got pulled out of the car .
Mhm .
You know , then it turns into two separate things and I do n't know , just turns into way too much .
But , um --
It seems like people are willing to turn just about anything into entertainment today though I mean just look at how CNN has been just non stop war coverage .
Oh , yeah , everything .
Anything , anything to get people to watch it .
And , I mean , we know -- everybody knows we 're going to watch it but , I mean , as far as trials , I do n't really find them as , you know , of course right now what 's going on in the world is big news but as far as trials , I mean , they do n't really affect me so much .
I guess I do n't really find too much entertainment value out of them .
Yeah .
I mean , I guess there are people who find it sort of , you know , interesting the way that watching a car wreck is interesting .
Yeah , that 's very true though .
You know , look at the horrible things that people can do to people , through Joseph Conrad .
Yeah , yeah , or even just exactly like you said even like , you know , look , he loses it at traffic and you got to think at -- you know , that 's still someone 's life .
