Yeah , so they can afford to buy --
-- the better players and that 's why they win all the time .
Well --
Been like that my whole life .
I hate the Yankees .
Ha .
They 're killing our Twins this week .
It 's embarrassing .
Baseball , yeah , I know about baseball .
I used to play baseball so I know about that but --
Oh , really ?
Yeah , football , basketball nothing but -- I do n't know anything about .
Uh-huh .
Well , what -- what 's your baseball team there ?
Well , we have the Texas Rangers .
Oh , is that in San Antonio ?
We used -- well , no , it 's -- it 's actually kind of based right out of , uh , the , uh , Dallas , Fort Worth area .
Mhm .
That 's where their -- that 's where their stadium is , their field .
But --
How far is that from San Antonio ?
About -- well , it 's three hours from Austin , Austin is a hour from San Ant- -- it is about four hours .
Oh , you 're not going to run up to see a game too often .
Uh-uh .
That 's terrible .
No, because -- well , yeah , but I ususally -- I do n't go to games and -- I think the last time I was -- I was there was ninety- ninety seven or ninety eight -- ninety seven .
Yeah .
Did n't have to pay for it either , it was Fourth of July and I just kinda snuck in during the seventh inning .
And -- oh , shut up , Snoopy .
Well --
You have to get his opinion taken too .
Mhm .
He wants to get attention .
Oh , we could get in our car and drive fifteen minutes downtown to the stadium and be right there .
It 's very close but when the Twins are doing badly the stadium 's half empty .
Really ?
It just does n't -- people do n't wanna go .
When they start winning , all of a sudden people start going .
Mhm .
We 're fair weather -- and we have a dome so if it 's raining or cold it 's nice in there .
Yeah , well , we have astrodome here for -- well , like the Houston Astras .
Yeah .
I do n't even know if they 're still a team anymore but -- um , you know , we have the astrodome here in Houston --
Mhm .
And there 's the Alamo down here in San Antonio .
Um , the Spurs have -- have their own colosseum --
Mhm .
-- and they have games all the time and everybody 's -- as -- as a matter of fact I think they have one tomorrow , uh , that I 've heard that --
Yeah , they must be in the playoffs then too .
I do n't know .
The playoffs are starting tomorrow .
Are they ?
Yeah .
Well , yeah -- yeah , 'cause -- yeah , I heard about that on the newspaper but let 's see we had the Houston Oilers , which are gone .
