You know , I basically to stay whatever I was good in , I mean that -- that 's kinda ...
... you know , but -- but then I realised that the -- you know , there 's a lot more out there and I think it kind of closes off -- it stunts people 's , like , you know , opportunity to really find what they 're good at but ... so ...
Right .
And I think it turned -- like , I was turned off by math because throughout my whole -- I had -- I 've never realised until I got in college that I had a anx - anxiety toward math .
Right .
And that 's because when I got to third grade and I was supposed to learn fractions , I did n't learn it 'cause I di- -- I just could n't comprehend it .
I -- I did n't get the concept of it so I went through -- I actually skated by through math all , you know , I made Cs and Ds ...
Mhm .
... and then when I got to college , guess what ?
They made us take an e- -- a entrance exam and I flunked it , you know , on that part .
Yeah .
I passed the language and the reading part but on the math , they were like , guess what ?
You gotta go to remedial .
Right , right .
So , it took me longer , you know , to get outta college , you know , where it should have been four years , I actually did n't graduate 'til five because I had to start in a lower level , you know , math .
Mhm .
Then , when I got to the higher level math , I still had to get , you know , a tutor , you know , to help me through the geometry or the trig part or whatever because it 's just that difficult to me and I think , you know , um ... when -- you know -- you know , teachers or administration , they do n't look at , you know , the difficulty that students have in school , you know , especially where their abilities are , you know , where ... hello ?
Yeah , I 'm listening .
Oh , okay .
I do n't know if it clicked out or not .
No, I 'm listening .
Oh , okay ... but um ... you know , basically , it 's like , you know , you have to start with those children , you know , where they get , you know , where your ability or strong point could have been , you know , like ...
Right .
... reading or math or whatever , somebody else 's , you know , their downfall could be in a totally different subject .
Right .
And if you do n't , you know , give that child the opportunity , you know , to um , you know , enhance their abilities where they 're lacking it , you know , it 's gonna -- they 're gonna fall short .
Right .
And like I said in the beginning , you 're setting them up for failure because , like , in the statistics , um , it says , like , ninety five percent of college freshmen end up +flunking out of school or going on academic probation , you know ...
