Exactly .
I remember an umpire 's strike and I guess that affected 'em but I figure that um -
Oh , the umpires ?
I did n't know they striked before .
Mhm .
Okay .
Went on strike once , once that I can remember .
And -- and I 'm sure , you know , that affected the game but --
Mhm .
-- they were easily replaced by someone who would cross the picket line and , you know --
Mhm .
-- when the athlete 's go on strike it 's done and over , there 's no one that can replace them .
That 's true .
And it 's strictly for entertainment purposes so I -- I do n't -- I -- I guess I just do n't get it .
Yeah , I do n't get it .
Yeah , at all .
Uh --
There 's no way I could -- I could see myself raising that kind of a stink .
Exactly .
Yeah , and I do n't kn- -- 'cause I 'm sure a lot of these people come from a humble -- humble beginnings already so they should know , like , they do n't need all that money .
I don- I do n't know , you know --
Well , money does n't let you forget your struggles .
Yeah .
And -- and I 'm sure we 're all happy when we progress to the next level but -- but there 's gotta be -- there 's gotta be an end to the madness at some point .
Yeah , I agree .
It reinforces the greed in our society .
Yes , oh , totally .
Yeah , it just makes no sense .
Like , I mean --
Exorbitant --
Oh , go ahead .
Pardon .
I said , exorbitant salaries and ridiculous strikes and we pay -- how much is a -- how much is a ticket to a professional game , like seventy five dollars maybe ?
Exactly , yeah .
Something like hat .
You know , we -- we work really hard to make seventy five dollars to be able to -- to afford to watch you --
Mhm .
-- and then you wanna take that bit of entertainment from us .
Mhm .
For -- well , I 'm in Memphis , Tennessee and we just got our -- our first professional team .
Oh , okay .
What -- what 's that ?
The -- the Grizzlies .
Oh okay , okay .
Yeah .
But they 're not very good .
They 're really not but you gonna have a lot of support here and it 's like , you know , in that respect , yeah , we 're here to support you but , at the same time , you guys need to give something back to the community and stop so much worrying about yourself .
Yeah , that 's what I think is a big problem , like , yeah , a lot of these athletes -- I mean , yeah , they -- I think there should be an important part , maybe like in their contract or something that they should give back to the community so it 's all like so -- but they can understand our money is a [inaudible ] like and you should n't try to get like all that money , you know , for yourself , like you should -- like , if they have more a connection with society I think that they -- they would n't be so , you know , greedy and money grabbing , like , you know , so that they can , like , know it 's important to give back and , uh , know that everyone -- like some people are struggling for a dollar and you 're asking for another million dollars , you know , so --
