Uh , no .
I guess I got into the stock market a couple of years ago .
Uh-huh .
That whole boom , and that 's when I got really interested in it .
I guess I have n't lost that habit .
Oh , that 's good .
Well , I do n't know if it 's good .
I 'm not in the market any more but I guess [inaudible] .
Well , it 's so funny because just before the phone rang my husband and I were talking because we just -- we fired a financial adviser that we were using --
Oh .
-- um , we fire - fired him a few months ago , and we were just discussing whether or not , um , you know , what to do 'cause we were -- at the time we were feeling like no one really knows what 's gonna happen , so we do n't wanna pay somebody .
What -- when you mean financial adviser you mean it 's like a -- uh , your broker kind of thing or ... ?
Well , he -- he was not a broker meaning he did not get paid to buy and sell for us , but he did help us make investments and , um , would get paid based on how much money he made for us .
Oh , okay .
But , of course , we lost money , like most people did .
Yeah , yeah .
And so , my husband was just -- h - his feeling was , w- well , why should we -- he -- you know , why should we pay someone ?
But you 're not paying him , right ?
We do n't think any -- anybody knows -- what ?
But you 're not really paying him if you 're not making money .
Well , we -- yeah , you pay him a percent of what your portfolio is .
Oh , your assets , yeah .
Even if he loses money for you , you still pay him .
Okay , so -- yeah , so it 's asset -- based on the assets , yeah .
Yeah , so --
Assets are the money .
But we 're not paying someone who -- I mean , we could lose money on our own .
Yeah , you do n't need to pay someone to lose it .
Right .
And so , you know , we 're -- we 're -- we 're still paying him a smaller dollar amount but at the same percentage of a smaller portfolio .
So , when you think about how much we -- we -- we looked at the figure that we paid him over , I think we were using him for five years , the figure that we paid him over five years was a lot of money .
It was more than what you made in the five years , I 'm sure .
Yeah .
Yeah , and net .
I 'm sure in the middle he made money .
At this point , yeah .
Now , you know , who knows , 'cause you never know .
I mean , maybe if we stayed with him --
Yeah .
It -- things would come back .
Y - you know , you do n't know .
