Yes .
And teach them right from wrong from day one .
I think so too .
I just -- I just think that as long as -- as you have people out there that want to take away your rights as a parent , I think that the parents should decide .
I think as long as parents are involved then the kids will probably work out right .
But if they 're not involved then the kids are gonna go wrong anyway .
Right , they 're left on their own --
Yes .
-- to do whatever .
Yeah .
And that 's where you have kids get involved in pornography .
Yes , drugs , pornography , all the other bad things .
Right .
Instead of sex ed - sex education they 're getting into pornography and they 're not learning --
Yeah .
-- the right thing .
Th- they 're not learning the right stuff .
I mean , my -- I was a foster parent and I had a twelve year old come in and tell my children , with very bad language , just what had happened to her in her household , why she was taken out .
Oh goodness .
And I 'm sitting there , I says -- and they says , you know , my daughter comes out with a string of foul language and says , " Is this what really happens ? "
I says , " Well " I says , " Number one , we do n't use that kind of language to describe anything" .
I says , " And number two , that should only happen between a - grown ups , it should never happen between an adult and a child " .
Right .
I says , " Now " and I sat her down and told her all the right stuff and then told her all the stuff th - that was n't supposed to go on and then , you know , and , you know , she was -- she was only like , six .
And , I mean , you really do n't --
Goodness .
-- expect to have a six year old learning this stuff from a twelve year old that should n't have known it in the first place .
Right .
And , uh , I 'm sitting there and then I says , " Well " I says , " You know " I says , " Bad things happened to her " .
I says , " This is not her fault , this -- bad things happened to her , but she 's got --" you know , I told her that , you know , I took the other child apar- apart and told her that this was not an appropriate thing for her to be saying .
Uh , that if she wanted to talk about that maybe she 'd better talk to me first so that we could tell -- find out what she could say to the other kids because they were n't as old as she was .
Right .
And that -- that way , you know , everybody was kind of -- kind of satisfied that way .
Because she wanted to get -- get -- get it out , but she -- I had to -- had to limit what she was saying and how she was saying it , because it was appropriate for her to get it out .
