No. They 're not .
No.
The best investment we could probably make right now would be a grocery store or hardware , um , a surplus store .
Right .
Because that 's where the money is at right now --
Mhm .
-- because things coming up , you know , and everyone 's on pins and needles .
That 's right .
You know .
So , it makes it very , very hard .
But , yeah , that 's -- they 'd also be good places because you like also like for a restaurant in a community , a lot of t- -- a lot of times I know people start out by putting out flyers in the neighborhood , holding a meeting to let people know that , um , these people are thinking about opening up a business --
Mhm .
-- in their community and how do they feel about it , invite them to come out get their input on it , you know and the meanwhile it 's about looking for the money .
Right .
You know , to be able to get investors that are willing to invest in it , they 're going to have be in an area where it 's going to bring in money .
Yes .
You know .
Because who would want to build a business up and then turn around a year or two years , investors are like , well it 's not bringing in enough money , I want out .
Yeah .
You know , and then your business folds .
Right .
Well , you know , if you could get your -- if you could somehow live in a place where you could have that approved kitchen by the Department of Health --
Mhm .
-- um , a second kitchen -- it does n't have to be anything great -- but they 'll send you their guidelines and you could start out really small catering from where you live --
Oh , really ?
-- um , I -- I did look into that once and we thought of , you know , turning the garage into this , you know , ah , approved kitchen -- it has to have like a sink with three sinks in it and I -- it needs to have different things , um , and I know people have started , ah , small catering businesses that way and then when they 've made enough money , they 've opened up a little shop --
Mm .
But , ah , yeah , it 's , ah , there 's a couple of different ways but then , you know , you --
-- you 've got to move your living situation around -- do you live in a -- a house or an apartment or --
Right now , I 'm just renting .
I 'm in a house , but I 'm renting .
Yeah .
And when you said that , I like I have a little shed that I have supplies in , you know , my excess stuff , but --
Right .
-- I would n't even have a place to even think about building and put a third sink , which would mean I 'd have to --
