-- which you really do n't want your kid to do , but -- and she has , um , Tarzan , which I do n't know why we got that , but she likes it .
Um , but the CD ROM games she has are p - -- much better than her Playstation games .
They actually teach her , which --
Oh , that 's neat .
-- I like much better .
Yeah , so they 're more educational than ...
Yeah , instead of playing something that 's I guess my grandmother would say warping your mind , but --
-- she does n't play it -- she does n't play it too much , but I much prefer to have her playing educational games , but they do n't have a lot of those for Playstation .
Yeah , that 's how -- that 's how -- no , they do n't .
That 's how I was when they were younger .
We started out with , uh , oh , with the Nintendo and Mario Brothers , but then there was a game that they used to play and it was educational and -- and so that -- it was , um -- ca n't think of the name of it right now .
Um , it was -- it was a Mar- -- it was a geography game , but using Mario , and --
Oh , okay .
-- so it taught him , you know , a - about just geography in general but made it fun , and so my son at the time was , like , four , I think , when I got him the -- the , uh , Nintendo , and he -- he really liked that game .
In fact , he 's seventeen now and last year he -- he was looking for it for the new -- for the newer version computer systems that we have and was able to find it .
So , he just said , " That game was just so much fun" .
So , I -- I was like that , too , when they were little .
And the older they got , the less they were interested in educational games and more --
Yeah .
-- about just having fun and playing with their friends .
And --
-- I 'll never forget the first time my little one was exposed to some kind of kickboxing or kick fighting or something .
I mean , he was only , like , three , and he was playing with a bunch of -- of , uh , neighbors and they were -- it was this game that I would never have allowed him to play , okay , not at that age .
Mhm .
And I walk in and he was getting into it , you know .
I 'm thinking , " Oh , my gosh , what are you doing letting him play this game ?
He 's too young" .
' Cause he was really getting into it .
And I said , you know , " We do n't need anything to make more violence here " .
But he thought it --
Right .
So -- but it 's -- we 've always been , um , more protective about what we let them play than --
