It just -- and like --
Well , like --
-- I -- well , I -- go ahead .
Okay .
Oh okay .
Well , me , like I personally -- rather than being more aware of what my surroundings , yeah I am , but I tend to focus more on -- after nine eleven I tend to focus more on how much I spend .
My spending , my expenditure and everything like that .
How much I spend day in and day out .
That 's what I 'm more worried about because my biggest concern is our money at -- right now .
And it -- it 's so hard to get a job , it 's so hard .
It is .
Yeah .
Yeah , exactly and so --
It really is .
Yeah .
But that 's why -- that 's my only concern .
I mean , being aware , there 's gonna be things that will go on every day and we ca n't stop it , you know .
But , um , I mean , yeah --
Okay , but just think about this .
You can be working right now and it could be a terrorist attack that goes on you right now because it 's just more rampantly now .
You could go the Greyhound -- on the Greyhound bus and somebody can just attack you .
I mean these things can happen but it 's just more rampantly now than ever before because this is how they attack .
They attack through the postal office --
-- they just attack certain places where you would -- you would n't expect they would before but now they do .
Right .
And it 's gonna get to the point where it 's probably gonna be home invasion .
Oh really , that 'd be --
Um , that 's my biggest fear .
I hope it does n't get to that point where it be home invasions that they do .
Wow -- man , I was n't even -- there is no way --
You know , you gotta think -- you see , the way they think is the way people do n't think so you gotta think like how they think what think , very small minded , you know .
They do n't think real big minded , they think real small , you know .
Well , I honestly think that , um , they get more like a mass amount of people other than like ruining single family homes , you know , do you get what I 'm saying ?
Like --
Right , and I do n't mean --
-- as a whole .
-- with -- I mean -- I do n't mean like home in- -- I mean like where they will attack a community --
Okay .
-- not just single out a home and just run up in it but they will just --
Right .
-- invade a , uh , like a community setting , do you understand what I mean ?
Yes .
Just --
Like those whole rumors on , um , being attacked at the mall and etcetera .
