-- at all .
It -- It 's just as I said , um , it just seems like they 're -- maybe the training or some aspect of it needs to be looked into a little further --
Yeah , well --
You know --
-- I -- I -- I agree with that , um , because some kind of subtlety has to be , um -- has to -- when -- when you sure that a person is not bringing nothing on , you know , well you want them to also enjoy their trip and if the -- the -- the -- not to feel like they being threatened when they get on a plane --
Correct .
-- because the where how -- you know , you do your job to approach so , um -- that 's a -- a -- a very tricky --
Yes , it is .
It definitely is .
Uh , um --
My- --
-- tricky part there , you know ?
Right .
My experience -- I was a Military Police Officer some years ago , uh , and I did AWOL escorts throughout the United States , meaning riding prisoners on commercial jet airliners .
Mhm .
Uh , I did have to carry a weapon on the plane .
I had three ways of doing it .
One was , uh , giving the loaded weapon to the pilot even , at that time , okay ?
R: Right .
Or keeping my weapon without the ammunition , okay ?
Mhm .
Or , uh , what was the third alternative ?
I have to -- it throws me right at the moment , but I 'll always remember going onto that plane 'cause they would always board the normal -- oh , well , the regular passengers first and then they 'd board us last --
Mm .
-- into the back rows , um ...
Even at that time -- this is before all this occurred , it just seems to me that there was nobody really -- all they wanted to do is get to their destinations --
Right .
-- and it did n't seem like a big deal to anyone --
Okay .
-- as far as that goes and , uh , I know that 's no answer -- that 's -- it 's just something that I feel and , uh , I just think training 's got to be more extensive and screening of the people has to be --
-- a little more extensive .
Excuse me .
I , um -- you know the point that you was making about that -- I , um , I never , um -- how would you say that ?
I -- I just -- well , just regular security .
Okay .
Okay , um , I too carry , all right ?
Um , I 'm not working right now 'cause my wife was sick .
She had a +aneurysm problem .
Oh , I 'm sorry to hear that .
Yeah , but she 's coming along pretty well .
That 's good .
But my thing a - about that kind of , um , thing -- I watched it on the TV They , um -- they had , um , um , a program that was on the movies and , um , it had to do with a - about putting prisoners and stuff on there .
If you were , you know , like , with security-wise , I think , and you 've dealt also with other people being on there --
