Right .
And he basically was the whole basketball team , I mean --
Yes .
Yes .
Yeah , I mean , but when you 're playing football or baseball there is n't one person that 's doing it all .
Right , right .
Oh , oh , excuse me one second ?
Hey , hey , we do not hit each other , we do not hit each other .
I think they 're in training to be Mike Tyson when they grow up or something , I do n't know .
Uh --
The- -- from the sound of their voices I 'd say --
-- they 're about three or four ?
Um , ah ye- -- one 's almost three , the other is four , yes .
Yeah .
Yeah , it 's about the same age as my niece and nephew and they will not leave each other alone .
We were hoping to have 'em that close together so they 'd be , uh , friends .
Anyway , I guess , I do n't know that they really want us discussing all this stuff , I suppose we 're supposed to stick to athlete 's being --
I know .
-- on strike but I just do n't see that there 's a debate there .
With the amount of homelessness and with the amount of people and just the -- fine , they have talent , they bring in people but the salary caps keep getting higher and higher and they get --
Yeah , it -- it 's enough --
-- keeping paid more and more and how much is enough ?
Right .
When --
And not -- there should be feeling there where they ca n't abuse their , uh , uh , ability to draw on any money thing .
Yeah -- I mean --
I 'm sure there 's someone --
-- they 're so full -- full of themselves --
Right .
-- thinking that they 're worth all this money and , " Oh , we 'll go on strike 'cause you 're not paying us this much money " and they live in their big mansions and they have the parties and they have all these groupies hanging around --
Yeah .
-- just wanting to be with a sports star and --
Mhm .
I mean , look at Magic Johnson .
Oh , I know .
I mean --
He pretty much had his own harem there , did n't he ?
When he was in his big heyday or whatever .
Yes , yes .
Yeah , and Magic Johnson ended up with , um , AIDS .
Yeah .
Yeah .
Well , what do you think happens when you play around like that , you know , it 's like --
Yeah , when you 're -- when you 're --
-- hard to feel sorry for 'em .
-- when you 're dating -- when you 're dating five or six hundreds girls and dating --
Yeah , and that 's --
-- is being a nice word for it .
-- exactly it .
That 's -- that 's it , it 's the -- it 's in the hundreds .
What do you think is gonna happen ?
