Yeah .
-- New York city .
But , kinda like after , it was a big deal , I mean , and it did , you know , it bro- broke my heart but then it , you know , and then when we celebrated the anniversary I was , you know , I think everybody kinda --
Yeah .
I think that was a big changing point .
I mean , to me I just kinda realized , okay , it 's -- it was n't the end of the world , these kinda things happen and , you know , we 're a good strong con- country and , you know , it 'll be all right , you know ?
Yeah .
I do n't think I was ever , you know , I -- really freaked out about it .
But it -- I think I 'm back to normal now , you know .
Yeah , I think -- yeah -- yeah , it would be a good marking point .
I think -- even though I think some people still take it -- use it for their political or whatever gain --
Right .
-- but y- they might not believe it themselves but --
Yeah , I mean --
-- seemed like --
-- th - that 's the thing about the whole -- the war thing , that just makes me the -- I mean , I do n't have a problem with us going to war but it just seemed like it was a big cop out to try and link it somehow with September eleventh , you know ?
Yeah .
And I feel like , you know , we 're not stupid , you know --
-- if you tell us the real reasons for something we can think it through logically and figure out if we wanna , you know , if we believe in it or not .
But do n't try and make it , you know , like six degrees of separation between Saddam Hussein and Osama Bin Laden 'cause nobody 's buying it , you know ?
Yeah .
The r- really interesting bit I read was after September eleventh , uh , like a week after , they polled the population and six percent connected Iraq with September eleventh , but now it 's something like fifty percent and ... it 's really weird what people can use -- an event to change people 's minds , even though there 's no logical connection .
I was listening to some radio show and they said that would be like , you know , blaming Iraq for September eleventh is like blaming , you know , the Chinese for Pearl Harbor , you know , it 's just --
-- you know , people do n't know any better .
I mean , if -- th - they 're just think , " People over in the Middle East , ah , you know , he supports some terrorism , it 's his fault " you know ?
He had nothing to do with it .
He 's his own evil problems , you know , but he had nothing to do with September eleventh , that I 've ever seen , I mean , who knows --
Yeah .
-- maybe they have some secret hidden proof but I do n't think so .
