[inaudible ]
Oh .
I do n't know , they could n't find in -- Osama Bin Laden .
I do n't think they 're really looking for him , I just think that they wanted him out of power and they wanted to get rid -- get off all -- get all of his weapons away from him .
Mhm .
They just -- you know , they just wanted him out of there .
Because we ca n't be having no one having anthrax and smallpox .
You could , you know , he could mail it to us or something , anything .
You know , I know he 's got people --
Ah .
-- that -- that are in the United States right now probably that are waiting or , you know , the word to do some more terrorist activities against us .
Yeah , I think so too .
But see , I think that Saddam is the one that -- that -- that -- is the one that -- that made -- I mean , that ha - -- was helping Osama Bin Laden do what they did to the -- to the World Trade Centre .
Oh , yeah , I think so too .
So , you know , for that , I mean , I think somebody needs to pay for that because that was wrong .
They -- that hurt me , that hurt .
Anyway , I have never been to the World Trade Centre , I 've never been in Europe but that hurt me real bad .
I mean it -- it was real personal to me and I was really -- I mean , if I could have gone to war I would have gone myself .
True ?
Yeah , because , I mean , that 's the way -- that 's the way I felt about it .
I 'm all the way in California and it was , like , I could n't believe it , I could not believe it .
I sat there , I cried , I cried for those people .
Yeah , that was a shame .
Yeah , I really did and it was , like , that was so sad to me .
Anyway I -- I sent money over and I -- I did everything .
While I 'm over here , you know , there 's not much I can do but or- offer moral support , you know .
It 's like it was just wrong , it was just -- there was no way I think that we should let that go .
Hello .
Yeah , I hear you .
Oh , what 's going on with that noise , it keeps clicking .
Oh , no , that 's the phone --
Oh .
-- me pressing the button by accident .
Oh .
So how old are you ?
How old am I ?
Mhm .
Sixteen .
Are you ?
Ahah .
Oh , wow , okay .
You soun- -- you sound older .
Oh .
Did you sign up for -- for this , um , thing or your Mom did ?
My Mom .
Oh , okay .
She just told me about it not so long ago .
