-- sneak the stuff by us , you know , and I think that 's horrible .
They have to -- they have to let you without any advance notice --
And that 's again why , you know --
-- according to the law .
-- we 're sending part of the resource [inaudible ] to a private school --
And so a lot of parents do n't know that , a lot of parents think they have to call and make an appointment .
-- they 're very structured in what they tell the children and they think that this kind of stuff should be taught at home .
And they do n't , like --
Um , and , yeah , they grease over parts of it when they get older but they do n't go in depth and -- and hand out condoms and things like that because they do n't believe in it and they believe it 's wrong .
They are not , you know , if they are not doing anything wrong what 's the -- what would be the problem ?
You know , and that 's what I believe , you know , that 's not something that , you know , an eighth grader or ninth grader needs to know or care about .
You know , they should be worrying about other things .
Mhm .
Well , exactly , you know , but they 're forcing children to grow up early by teaching them this kind of stuff and by putting it out there , putting it out on the table --
Mhm .
-- you know , they would n't know about it and they would n't care but it 's bringing attention to it so it 's -- it 's drawing the kids into it .
And I think that that -- that 's bad and that 's where part of our problem is coming from , because the society --
Mhm , yeah , yeah .
-- is just going to pot because --
I 'm lucky in that regard .
-- they teach 'em what they want but they do n't teach 'em the morals and the responsibilities --
No.
-- that go with it .
My daughter 's not , like , the other -- you know most of the girls are , " Oh , I have a boyfriend " and things like -- I mean , I did n't even think about until I was maybe in high school .
Well , there 's nothing wrong with that .
I mean , unfortunately all that stuff comes quick enough but you do n't need to force it .
Yep , I agree .
My son was only -- he 's going to be six in June and that 's --
Mhm .
-- you know , it 's good that they are naive , that 's what children are supposed to be , you know , and unfortunately they 're forced to grow up so quickly now with everything , you know , and it 's like that is --
Yeah .
Like , that should be the last thing on their mind at , you know --
So , I mean , I 'm lucky that way because she 's not .
At that young age , you know .
