N- -- not the child car .
Right .
Right .
And my intentions were good because I was saying , you know , I 'm going to buy this car and my -- I 'm -- I 'm going to , um , drive it until it 's paid off and then I 'm going to drive it some more and I maintained it very well and -- and would still be driving it now had I not had my son , so --
Right .
-- essentially it was , ah , well , any car I think is probably .
So , then what did you end up getting now ?
Right now I 'm driving at ninety four Ford Explorer --
Oh .
-- I went a year older , um , but -- and it 's got a lot more miles , but it 's , um --
More spacious .
-- it 's much more family oriented and fortunately for me my boyfriend , ah , has a car lot h - -- and , ah --
Oh .
Hm .
-- so , I -- we -- we -- he actually got a very good deal on it and as old as it is , I feel , um , relatively safe driving it .
So , and , you know , and it was -- it was , ah , we got a-- a good deal on it so I was able t pay cash for it and not have to do a payment , so .
Is n't that nice ?
Yes .
It is extremely nice .
It 's nice not to have to pay -- not to have to pay for full coverage either .
Right .
Um , on the insurance .
So .
Right .
Which is good .
I regret --
Let 's see .
-- buying so many beanie babies .
Yeah .
I know a lot of people who 've been --
-- buying so many beanie babies .
It 's like oh , what can I do with all these things ?
I think I 'll have a garage sale and get rid of them .
Yeah --
I 'm just sitting in my room and I 'm just looking in my closet and then looking at this big clear bucket , it 's like full of beanie babies [inaudible ] --
Yeah , there are so many people out there though --
What a waste --
-- that are still -- they 're still buying them , though .
They are .
Some of them st- -- because every once in a while I go into like a Hallmark or something and I 'll just , you know , look and see what 's going on .
I thought , [inaudible ] --
Pick it up .
-- I cannot bring myself to buy one because it 's like , what am I going to do , stick up in my bucket in the bottom of my closet ?
Yeah .
Yeah .
Well , you should try to get rid of them --
-- instead of regretting it , you could end up making some money from them .
