Exactly , yeah .
You already know who 's going to win , you already know who 's going to lose .
Yeah , well , yeah , I mean , whoever has the most money tends to win and I mean , which is , you know , I guess that 's the moral of , you know , capital society in general but when it comes to something that 's supposed to be competitive and it 's supposed to be a game --
Right .
-- when it seems like the game is loaded you 're like well it 's --
-- it 's , uh -- why -- why would you get that wrapped up in it because I 'm -- I honestly think if I was a sports fan I would dislike that in that it 's bad for the sport and if the really , really famous people say , " Well , I can make more money going off and doing something else " then , well , great we lose a few people that way but at least that way it has some semblance of fairness .
Yeah .
I guess if -- you know , now that I think about it that way , and it 's not something I had thought about before , if I was really a fan it would really frustrate me .
Yeah .
If the best teams just bought the best people and no one else really ever had a chance to be the champions .
Yeah , exactly .
I mean , if -- if you just said , no -- I do n't know just bidding on these people and spending so much money on one or two individuals versus trying to get a good team together or , you know , even the worst buying people because they 're more famous names --
Right .
-- and because they 're gonna bring in more fans and things like that .
And it just -- I mean , it just seems so silly to me .
I mean , you know , on the one hand , you know , I tend to be very much in favor of workers rights .
I think that , you know , in general , in most industries people should be able to strike and everything like that but when you 're talking -- I mean it 's just like , you know , if -- you know , movie actors that were -- I mean , not just the people who were being extras and , you know , scrambling to make a living but people who were making millions and millions of dollars a year were striking because of something , you know , I would just like I 'd -- too bad for you you know what I mean ?
Honestly --
Yeah , yeah .
-- it 's just --
Well , I guess , you know , I guess my feeling is , like , I would never tell 'em they ca n't strike --
Mhm .
-- um , I certainly think they should have the right to but , I mean , in Philadelphia , for example , we , um , we the Philly 's baseball team --
Mhm .
-- and they 're actually fairly good .
