And the te- -- like , the schools , they do n't back the teachers .
I think that 's the main problem because it 's like , you 're not being backed and you 're a teacher , you 're not gonna have the motivation to do anything about the problem , if it 's only you against , like , this whole big world .
If you do n't have your administration behind you .
Right .
Because the administration is so scared of what 's gonna happen to them which is really ... it , like , shows -- it reflects on our society .
Yes .
That 's kind of ridiculous that we live in a world like that but ...
I know .
I completely agree .
And actually , like , I 'm really passionate about this subject .
I have wanted to um ... go into the America ... America teachers ... the , like , the Teach for America thing ?
Yeah , like , is that like Americor or ... ?
It 's kind of like Americor , like , you have to teach for two years and , like , you pick out a -- a sign[ ? ] ... it 's like teaching instead of , like , working .
Right .
But , my mum , like , said , " No " basically .
Because it 's dangerous ?
Because it 's dangerous and 'cause she just does n't , like , -- she 's like , " If you want to be a teacher , you could have gone anywhere " like , why --
Yeah .
But I do n't know .
I act- --
I think -- I mean , I do n't -- I really -- I mean , I do n't know if it 's -- I do n't think it 's a problem that -- I mean , I guess it 's -- in the -- the administration stuff in the schools and I do n't -- I 'm not really familiar with what 's happened lately .
I know that like , the Philadelphia schools were taken over by ...
Right .
... something ... um , I forget the name of it , um ...
It was like a private company , I think or something .
Right and I do n't know if that has , you know , anything to do with anything .
Um ... I mean , I 'm -- I 've lived in the suburbs my entire , like , life here in Pennsylvania .
Right .
Um and then -- I mean , the only personal school experiences I have were in parochial and home schooling .
Mhm .
But I mean , I 've seen my sisters and , you know , all my friends went to public school and all of them are doing very well .
Right .
I completely think it 's like , it 's the area .
Mhm .
And it 's actually , I think , since we 've been in school , it 's changed so much 'cause I know ... I work on a research study and our study involves going into schools .
I actually -- I spent eight hours in a public school in Philly today .
Oh , my gosh .
And in um ... it 's just changed so much from , like , what I remember , like .
