I think it 's not --
-- with every small business .
Yeah .
It 's not -- it 's not unexpected to have that happen .
Um , it 's , ah , there 's just so much cost involved in starting up , and especially like a photo type thing , your supplies , you have to have paper , you have to have chemicals and , um , you 've got to figure out where your break even point is and it -- I think it takes time to figure -- it 's kind of hit and miss , you try to figure it all out and -- and , ah , what kind of -- coming up with your pricing and what kind of hours you 're going to offer and the whole -- whole thing .
Plus , if you 're going to have employees or you 're going to do it yourself , you know , like we did , um , it 's ah -- there 's a lot to it and it 's very , it can be a very stressful time .
Yeah .
We learned that .
Oh , I 'm sure .
I 'm sure .
I do n't know , I was just thinking like if I -- if funds were really not an issue , I think they 're -- what they 're driving towards is what 's your dream small business , or what would you just love doing and I think I would love to do a , ah , casino party , ah , company .
Oh .
Those are very cool .
I know , I -- I love --
I -- I 've had those at -- at company parties , we 've had those and --
Yeah .
-- as part of -- as part of like the holiday party and that 's a fun thing , um --
Yes .
-- that would be , I think for me , it would be my sister in-law 's actually a jewelry designer and that 's a very tough thing starting out in , so if I had unlimited funds , I would love to be able to fund her in doing that , getting her set up and because the work she does is awesome , but you 're talking , you know , platinum and eighteen carat and fine gems and everything and that 's expensive .
And it 's -- it 's definitely a high end type of thing and , um , but knowing the work that she does , I 'd love to be able to help out with something like that and really get it set up in the right way , but --
So , you 'd be the , ah , the primary investor , then ?
Right .
Right .
Th- -- that 's excellent .
And , um , I -- and I [inaudible ] doing some of the business stuff because I do n't think she quite has the head for that .
She 's definitely the designer side , um , but , um --
-- so I 'd be able to kind of just write the checks and -- and -- and find the right place for her , you know , the store to be set up and do that kind of footwork and -- and as side benefits you get to have trips to Italy or --
