Okay .
Supposed to talk for ten minutes about , you know , what the --
Movies .
-- topic is and -- or if you enjoy doing it and , ah -- I guess -- what movies have you seen lately ?
What 's the movies I 've seen lately .
Now , I do n't go to the movie theatre much because I 've got several movie channels on the cable --
Uh-huh .
-- so I 'll pretty much watch my movies here .
Um , I saw one recently with George Clooney in it , ah , that Ocean 's Eleven .
Oh , yeah .
That was pretty good , but they --
Yeah , they -- and my -- my mom said that was pretty good .
I -- I have n't seen it , ah , but she said it 's pretty good .
I -- I -- um , I 'm , ah , hooked up to this -- ah , I pay twenty dollars a month to get movies sent to me --
Yeah ?
-- ca - -- it 's called Netflix and what I do is I -- it 's a rental and you do n't have to pay the late charges .
Yeah .
So -- and then you keep the movie as long as you want to , because my big thing was I was always going and renting movies but I was not able to return em on time --
[inaudible] .
-- and then I 'd wind up with forty or fifty dollars worth of late fees , you know ?
Oh , my goodness .
So , whenever I -- whenever I ju- -- ah , heard about this , I thought , " Well , this is perfect " you know ?
Because I spend that in a month just renting one movie , you know ?
On late fees ?
Yeah and they -- what they do is they send three movies to you , um -- ah , when you first start up they send three movies and you pick the movies that you want to rent and they send three of the -- ah , the f - -- ah , the f - first three and they send those to you and when you 're finished with one you return it and they pay for the postage and everything , the return and shipping too and , um -- and then they send the next one on your list and you just continue to return em , you know , and you get three a week usually , because it takes , you know , about two or three days to return em but if you watch -- um , like one day watch this [inaudible ] and return it the next day , watch this one and return it and by the time the first one got there you 're already receiving an -- receiving another one .
Yeah .
So that -- that 's what I enjoy doing , you know , because --
That 's -- that 's pretty interesting .
Ah , I -- I do n't have a whole lot of time on my hands , you know , I own -- I own my own business so I do n't have a lot -- a whole lot of time on my hands to go to the movies .
