Okay .
So , walking is a little better but I do sometimes and then oh , one of the grandkids goes into some little track meets so sometimes I run with her or walk with her , you know --
Mhm .
-- sort of help her out .
So , get a little exercise that way .
Oh , yeah that 's always good too .
But they always say that jogging is not good for women .
Yeah , well , I guess .
I do n't know .
I just -- you know .
Yeah .
Oh , about was it two years , three years ago , two years ago , I guess , I even went into the Iowa games .
The , oh , track and field in the Iowa games ?
Uh-huh , uh-huh .
We took , uh , we took a couple of the grandkids and -- so my daughter and I we -- we did it too .
You participated ?
Yeah , just for the fun of it .
Wow , what 'd you do , track and field ?
Yeah .
I did the shot and the discus , which I 've never done before .
Oh my word !
See we did n't have track when I was at a school .
Okay .
And , uh , and then I did the hundred and the two hundred and then we had to do the fun run with the -- with the grandkids so that was another two hundred .
Mm .
And I found out I was n't in real good shape .
Oh , okay .
But there were n't that many participants in my category so I ended up winning you know .
Oh , that 's great !
So , we got , we got medals or ribbons or whatever it was and the kid --
Mhm .
-- uh , Ashley , she 's the one the does track and she did too and she was all excited about that so --
Okay .
So , we -- you know , we 've paid Kitreole[ ? ] with the kids and stuff so --
Mhm .
-- that sort of keeps you young too .
Oh , definitely .
Definitely .
You have some grandkids ?
No! Uh-uh , I have a fifteen year old .
Oh .
But , um , he 's very active and , uh --
So , you 're probably still running around -- does he participate in sports and stuff ?
Yeah .
He -- he plays basketball about two or three times a week .
Sometimes more .
Yeah .
So , you know , they kinda keep him busy but I was more active than you know , a couple of years ago I had , um , very serious brain surgery so that kinda hindered my ability to work out the way that I did before .
Mm .
So , I have to kinda be real careful .
That 's why I say walking is something that I can do on my own pace , you know what I mean ?
Yes , right .
It 's not like doing a , an exercise tape or going to , you know , a little old , um , aerobic class , it 's nothing like that so --
