her whole -- her whole generation is -- is not what it should be .
And , as I said , they should be much more aware of health nutrition .
But , at the same time , they 've got fast foods and -- and , you know --
That 's terrible .
-- that kind of -- right , sure .
Yeah , I know .
It 's all around them and --
It 's real hard on kids .
-- that 's it and that 's what happens .
It 's so hard .
Truly , truly .
Uh-huh .
But if they get a good early start then it just gets easier and part of the daily routine which it should be .
You say an hour but I -- I -- I hope that one day it 'll be twenty minutes even , you know --
Yeah .
-- before bed or early in the morning .
I think -- yeah .
And there 's that time .
Yeah .
But it -- it happens .
Yeah , I hate to see the kids that are in that kind of shape .
See that 's what it is .
And -- and if they --
Because with boys it 's so hard .
And it 's gonna be harder the older they get .
That -- yeah .
And they miss out on so many things in life .
Yeah .
That they have -- well , pick on people and stuff .
Yeah , that 's true too .
Absolutely .
She 's -- she 's not tremendously overweight but it 's enough that it 's a concern to mine and as -- as they say with health and , you know , and that kind of thing , you know , diabetes , heart , you know , all those things that make it harder because you 're -- you 're genes and what have you too .
So , exercise has to play a part of it .
Yeah .
But , uh -- what else can we say about exercising and nutrition , you know .
Well , I think the two go together just hand in hand , you know .
Absolutely .
Diet and exercise .
Absolutely , absolutely .
And to me the three most important things are diet , exercise and piece of mind .
Is n't that something I would say and -- and , as you said , you 've been doing it for a long time now ?
Even as a kid too .
Yeah , the -- the running .
The weights off and on .
I -- I mean I used to lift weights when I was a kid and then I did n't for -- for a long , long time .
And then I got back into a little bit .
But do you do the bodybuilding as well or ... ?
No, I do n't -- no , my body does n't seem to be changing much .
Uh-huh , uh-huh .
It 's been pretty much the form I developed as an adolescent stayed the same but I just do it because it feels good .
It 's a good complement to running --
