-- and , um , you know , getting experience in classrooms or , you know , getting the kind of experience that might help me later if I were to , you know , go on .
So --
Oh .
But , I 'm enjoying what I 'm doing now .
So ...
Oh good .
That 's interesting .
Okay , and -- and so you 're -- you 're going to get your masters in -- in languages or what ?
Um , it 's a TESOL.
Teaching English to speakers of other languages , so it 's through an [inaudible ] linguistics department .
Oh .
And then , um , I 'm also studying Japanese .
Oh , cool .
Do you hope to go there and be a translator or -- or do something with the government in that regard or what -- what 's your eventual hope ?
Um , I thought about spending time in Japan and I think if I find myself graduated and I do n't have a lot of -- if I do n't have anything , I mean , keeping me in the States --
Mhm .
-- it 's hard to tell what you 're life is going to be like in a couple of years --
Yeah .
-- whether it will be easy to move to another country or not .
Right .
Um , then I would probably do that .
There 's a lot of -- like good programmes teaching English in Japan and --
Mm .
-- um , I thought about government work to but I think it would depend on , um , I think , [several inaudible words ] about time or --
Sure .
-- you know , just kind of -- I do n't want to get sent somewhere that I 'm not ready to be .
If I start doing government work --
Mhm .
-- or get involved in something that I 'm not ready to be involved with , so I 've just trying to keep the options open .
Next quarter I 'm going to be assisting , um , one of our professors , um , teaching English .
Mm .
We have a programme where , you know , students come from -- a lot of students seem to come from Japan and Korea , China --
Really ?
-- um , to study English --
Oh .
-- and so I'll , you know , be helping teaching a class like that .
What -- what school were you ?
Brooklyn State University .
Okay .
Oh .
And I 've also done some obser- observing in , um , classes more for refugees and not necessarily through the university but through community colleges or community organizations .
Oh .
And so I 've been going -- it seems like two different , um , futures .
You know , working with people that are here to try to make a new life in the United States need a whole different set of skills than somebody that 's going to go back to their home country and maybe try to use English in business or [inaudible] .
Oh .
So --
