Yeah .
I 'm more reserved .
I -- I do n't -- I do n't think I 'm like , " Oh , you know , you 're a terrorist because you -- you 're wearing a turban " --
No, I understand what you mean .
" -- you 've got to be a bad person " . .
Right .
No, I understand exactly what you mean .
Yeah .
So , um , that kin- those kinds of things .
I think I would fly .
You know , I say that --
Yeah .
-- I think I would -- yeah , if I were planning a vacation or a trip to -- to go home , I -- I do n't think I would hesitate to --
Yeah .
-- book on an airline .
Overseas ?
Pardon ?
Would you go overseas ?
I do n't know .
I never have been in my life . .
Oh , okay .
I 've never -- I 've -- I 've never -- yeah , I 've been to Canada , but that does n't count .
Right .
I mean , I 've never been outside the United States .
Yeah .
As far as travel --
Because that 's a total different feeling , you know ?
It -- it is a totally --
Uh-huh .
-- different feel .
If you leave the continent and you -- you know , across the ocean forever , like ten , eleven hours --
Yeah .
-- it -- it is very different , and then you know you are in a hostile environment all the time .
As long as you are in the -- a United States airplane , you are in a hostile environment .
That 's true .
Then you land in Europe , to go into [inaudible ] or France or -- or whatever , you know ?
An airplane to go home , you are again in hostile environment because , you know , there is no good feelings between my country , you know , my -- my native country and --
Mhm .
-- and the Arabian countries either , you see ?
So --
Yeah .
-- are in a hostile environment all the times , and there -- like , all this little pockets of things happening all over the world , you know ?
The small size things that are n't --
Mhm .
-- blown up and we do n't hear much about here in the United States , I get it from the email from my family .
Yeah .
You know , they are like small things happening , like mean things , you know , and yeah .
I know , and I -- I sit -- I sit here , you know , and it 's like I keep saying to myself , " Why ?
Why do we have to be this mean to each other ?
Why ca n't we just leave each other alone ? "
Is n't that the truth ?
I mean , it 's kinda like , you know , I keep thinking to myself , who cares --
Right .
-- what God you pray to or believe in , as long as you 're praying and your God does n't interfere with me being able to pray to mine --
