Yes , I have .
What -- why do you think that 's banned some places ?
Um , I was n't aware that it was banned .
I know books like , um , Huckleberry Finn or , you know , Mark , ah , you know , books by Mark Twain have been banned before , um --
W- -- why ?
-- I think -- I think it 's just because some of the ideas presented at the time were very controversial and , um , you know , they might , I guess some of the ideas are maybe a little bit too -- too liberal for [inaudible ] places , I guess , especially in the South , like the idea of , um , you know , a -- of black people having any kind of , um , any rights [several inaudible words ] of their culture at the time , so because they did n't want --
So , do you think it was --
[several inaudible words ]
So , you think it was all right to have them banned ?
No, I -- I do n't , but I 'm just trying to , ah , you know , offer a reason as to why they might have been banned at the time , I do n't agree with them being banned at all .
Oh , good .
Because I do n't -- I do n't , you know , I 'm -- I 'm a big Mark Twain fan , actually , I 've been through Hannibal quite a few times and -- and I -- I just do n't understand why -- it sounds li- -- it sounds like politically correctness to me -- political correctness .
Yeah .
Definitely .
I think people are just kind of scared also if anything challenges their belief system , if you live in a stable community where everybody kind of things the same , anything that might change that is a threat , you know .
So , um , that would be an unwelcome kind of thing if you 're happy with your current situation , you -- you would n't welcome any kind of change .
Yeah , but I -- I do n't know that I agree with that .
I think changes are -- at least , a -- the -- the accessibility to change should -- should be looked at positively by everybody .
I agree .
I mean , I think change is very healthy and I think that to be settled into one kind of mindset is very , you know , it 's in a way , um , you know , people are kind of ignorant if they 're so narrow minded , so I think that change is good and , um , you know , they should welcome any kind of different viewpoint , but unfortunately a lot of people , um , do n't have that kind of mindset , you know --
Well , you know --
-- anybody who thinks differently than they do , um , they just want to get rid of or silence .
I find it interesting that you began by -- by saying that you were a liberal and -- and this way and -- and I do n't think of myself as a liberal , but I am listening to you and -- and talking to you and you to me and -- and it seems like we both agree on a lot of things and yet we --
