Many years ago and I just never could get into that .
I just could n't get the least bit excited about that .
I wa - -- exercise just does not excite me at all .
Yeah .
It never has .
Yeah , it 's -- you know , it 's kinda boring .
I -- I had tried the , um , the gym like the machines and stuff --
Yeah .
-- and it 's just like so boring .
Yeah .
I -- I tried that many , many , many years ago and I just -- it 's just not my cup of -- the only thing I really enjoyed about that was going in the , uh , uh , sauna and --
Oh yeah .
-- um , and I did enjoy that part of it .
Yeah , I really miss that .
It --
The things that do n't require movement , you know .
You just sit there .
See I like that 'cause you go in there and then you look like you 've been exercising 'cause you 're all sweaty and , you know , like --
Right , right .
-- yeah .
Now I like that part of it .
I sound like I am really -- I 'm really not nearly as lazy as I sound like .
Oh no , no but I know exactly -- I mean and , you know , it 's -- it 's hard especially , you know , as you get older it 's like the less -- less you wanna go .
Right .
And , you know -- I do n't know , it 's -- I ca n't imagine -- I mean , sometimes it 's like I 'm only thirty and I -- sometimes I find it like really a struggle to get going so I 'm like , " Oh , when I get a little older " like when I hit forty or fifty I wonder , you know , how I 'm gonna be able to pull it off .
Well , I think , a lot -- a lot depends on how much you like it when you 're younger .
Mhm .
And how much you participate .
Yeah .
And , uh , if you 're not really into it you 'll wake up one morning when you 're fifty five or so and you 'll see all your sagging parts .
I 'm starting to see that actually already .
It 's kinda sad .
I do n't know what happened but --
Well , let me tell you , it gets worse .
Somewhere around thirty it is , as soon as I hit thirty I woke up and I thought , " Boy , this changed " .
This was n't like this before .
How exactly --
Well , it only gets worse unless you do something about it .
Yeah , yeah .
It 's I guess like -- it 's funny 'cause the Taekwando takes care of some of it but like I remember when I was a kid people used to make fun of the teachers 'cause the arms -- underneath the arms --
