Yeah , good luck making a college kids , “ Oh , no you can’t read this book” .
That’ll make ‘em all read it .
Exactly .
I guess that would be a good way to get ‘em to read it .
Ban it and then , uh , they’ll all be out there on the internet getting bootleg copies of it !
Just put censored on everything , huh ?
Yeah .
That’s a good point .
They would too .
Yeah .
Oh , absolutely .
I’m actually graduating , I’m a masters student right now at , uh , Brigaman[ ? ]
University .
Oh really ?
Cool .
What do you take ?
Uh , management information systems .
It’s a business degree with an emphasis in information systems .
I thought about going back to school and getting a -- I only got an associates degree , I’m a registered nurse .
Oh yeah , well , my wife’s a nurse .
Well , I’ve thought about going back because , uh , they treat registered nurses differently .
If you’re an associates degree or you’re a bachelors degree , you both have to take the exact same state board exam --
Uh-huh , yeah .
-- but you’re not treated the same .
Really ?
Yeah .
You see , my wife came out , she -- she got her associates , worked for six months and then went on to get her BSN.
Mhm .
And then she was able to go and she did management in the home health agency , and so she never really had the whole hospital with a BSN.
I’ve never worked in a hospital either , I do home health care too .
Oh , you do ?
But , now lately I have been considering going to a hospital .
Yeah .
Oh , well , that ’s interesting .
Just because , uh , kim - home healthcare can be a bit of a butt pain .
Yeah .
You know , you get , uh , too involved with the patients ’ families and , uh , then they , uh , you know , they want things --they want you to do things their way and it ’s like , " Well , I’m sorry but I have to follow the doctor’s orders " .
Uh-huh .
And they don’t wanna hear it .
Oh .
Well , yeah , I mean , right now is a great time to go back to school , I mean , there’s a lot of incentives .
In Texas , even some hospitals , I’ve heard , that’ll pay for you to go back -- to come back and work for them .
Oh really ?
Yeah .
Well , when we --
Yeah , we got some tuition reimbursement stuff up here if you wanna go to the big city but that ’s like , an hour’s drive and I -- I don’t know about it .
And where are you from again ?
Um , halfway between Rochester and Buffalo .
Oh , okay .
We -- my wife and I were out there just a year and a half ago .
We were out towards , uh , well , we went through , uh , Rochester and we went down through Palmilla[ ? ] and kinda over towards Ohio after that .
