I -- I do n't necessarily believe that the parents should have a say on what could be censored .
I do n't know , it 's a -- it 's a very mixed topic and I 'm sure but I think it -- I -- and I think it differs -- censorship differs at different schools as well .
I , uh , I do work at a , uh , a catholic school also , uh , doing some tutoring , and there the children are much more -- or the parents are much more open to higher education and letting their children read more books and what not , that they do n't censor .
So
They do n't censor ?
Uh , not nearly as much .
Gee , that -- that 's the environment where they can , it 's a private school , right ?
Yeah , oh definitely .
But I see more leeway there than I do at the public schools .
I am really surprised .
Well , you know , most of these parents have money , you know ?
I mean , when you 're talking -- you 're -- you 're talking about a parent paying seventy five hundred dollars a year per kid --
Yeah .
Most of them have got like a really good job or something and they -- they have a higher level of education --
Oh , so they 're more --
-- than your public school students .
They 're more open to the literature ?
That 's what I 'm assuming , from what I 've seen .
They 're more open to letting their children explore things than I think a lot of public school parents .
So
And I could be totally wrong , this could just be my --
No, that 's a good theory .
That 's a good theory .
Yeah .
So I do n't know .
I 'm trying to think if there 's anything else you can ban besides books .
Uh , well , I 'm sure you can ban certain , uh , you can censor certain things like , uh , Kansas has had the problem with , uh , teaching evolution and not teaching it .
Oh , yes .
In the -- in their school system .
So , you can have that as well .
You know , what do you wanna teach ?
And I -- I w- I was reading the other day , I forget where at , but , um , you know , they wanna teach creation as , you know , creationism , within a school district and , you know , that 's a real touchy k - subject of how do you word it , you know ?
And does n't that cross over church and state ?
Right .
You know , so they wanna have something that says , you know , a creator or a god , not go - you know , not any specific god could 've created or-- how did they call it , like a divine creator or a --
Yeah .
-- devine something created , you know , like the mult- you know , cells or what not .
So , and that can be censored too .
So , uh , I do n't know .
I mean , I live in the bible belt , so there are a lot more people pro creationism than let 's say per -- per se evolutionism or evolution I guess that 'd be .
So , I -- they can , you know , censor that .
