What -- what do you feel is , ah -- what do you feel , ah , best -- what is the best movie that you have wa - ever watched ?
Ah , I do n't know .
Ah , we really enjoy Forrest Gump whenever that comes on though .
What 's your favorite movie ?
Ah , definitely Braveheart .
Braveheart ?
Yeah .
Yeah .
You 're into that one , no ?
So , I guess you and your husband both watched that one ?
Yeah .
Do -- do you like it ?
Yeah , we always -- we always wait for our favorite scenes to come on , like the one where he says something about , " I think you should go back to Greenbo Alabama" .
We always wait for that part , you know , certain parts .
Mm .
It 's one of those things .
I remember -- I do n't know , when I was younger we used to always watch like the Star Wars movies over and over again and different stuff but I have n't even seen the new Star Wars movies at all .
Oh , the -- the new Star Wars movie ?
Yeah .
I think that -- I think that --
-- George Lucas has directed , ah , two -- two new series and , ah , the last one might come out next year .
Oh , yeah ?
Yeah .
I think , ah , that -- that -- that this -- the -- the first new one come out [several inaudible words ] two years ago and it 's called --
-- ah , oh my go - -- I -- I ca n't remember the name but it was a -- [several inaudible words ] come out last summer and I watch [several inaudible words ] theatre .
It 's called the [several inaudible words ] -- ah -- ah , the [inaudible ] War .
Oh , yeah .
Oh -- oh , and , ah , I remember the -- the first new one 's name , it 's -- it 's called The Phantom Menace .
Right .
Right .
Yeah , I 've never seen either one though , I 'd like to see those sometime .
The second one was -- was -- ah , was pretty good .
Yeah ?
The -- the [inaudible ] -- the -- the [inaudible ] War .
Uh-huh .
And , ah , I -- I think it --
-- [several inaudible words ] rent both one in Blockbuster .
Huh ?
[inaudible ] --
I can rent them ?
Yeah .
Yeah , I could rent --
They come out as -- as DVDs in Blockbuster .
Yeah , you know , I 'm on spring break this week , maybe I should rent a couple of movies one of these days .
Yeah .
Something different .
Oh , yeah .
There 's someone else here with me and she rented My Big Fat Greek Wedding .
Everyone says that 's good .
I want to see that too .
Did you see that at all ?
Ah , what movie ?
It 's called My Big Fat Greek Wedding .
