Oh , how you figure ?
Uh , just 'cause , like -- I do n't know , like , we should n't -- I do n't think the government should , like , intrude on everyone 's privacy like th - -- to that extent that they ca n't smoke outside of , like , a building , you know .
I mean , they do it with other things .
They do that with , uh , marijuana .
They do that and they -- they claim it as being legal , but some people say it 's not , so people do it in hidden terms .
You know what I 'm saying ?
Same thing with drinking .
I mean , drink is actually put out there , but people still drinking it in their own home .
So , if it 's something bad and they know it 's something -- I think the government basically realizes that smoking is bad .
Mm .
And people are starting to realize that it 's bad .
So , you realize it 's bad but you know that it 's such a strong instinct and part of America and you ca n't really just say , " Okay , everybody get rid of it or we 're about to charge , you know , more " .
I mean , that 's what they gotta do , either make a tax for it , a special tax for it --
Mhm .
-- or make a higher fee for it now or something .
But , I mean , that 's -- really you ca n't -- you ca n't , um -- I mean , there -- you actually can , I figure , you know , do that because why not ?
I mean , should they -- I mean , we -- we 're able to have drinks everywhere , we 're able to do other things in hidden places as well as being out on the scene , so it 's , like , I say go ahead and , um , ban it , you know what I 'm saying ?
For real .
If it 's possible , ban it .
I mean , people are going to --
If it 's possible , though , but ...
Yeah , people are always gonna speak and have their opinions and say , " Oh , yeah , we should n't do this and we should n't do that " but , I mean -- I mean , [inaudible] .
I know , but , uh , th - th - there 's such a huge public -- like , there 's such a huge portion of the US public like that --
That smokes .
-- that smokes , so I do n't know how that 's gonna settle well .
Yeah .
But I agree , too , but I do n't know if I wanna go that far as saying , like , they should ban it like they have marijuana .
I think so .
I mean , not ban it but just stop it , though .
I mean , it 's like -- it 's a drug , you know .
It 's a drug that 's no use , no positive use .
Tell me the positive -- I mean , besides having people that are addicted to it cope with it .
I mean , it 's -- it 's no use for it .
That 's true .
So , I mean , if -- if it 's no use for it , then , I mean , why are we , uh -- we do we have it ?
