Yeah , I -- I hear you .
I do n't feel so bad about that though .
Mhm .
Um , it 's almost to me a case of they probably know more than what they 're saying .
Um , if there 's any cynicism upon me , it might be a little bit towards Mr Chaney .
I think , at least down here in Washington , he 's probably the least credible out of the gang of -- who 's running things , but --
Mhm .
-- you know , I think , um , you know , I think they 're sending a message over there and I think so far it 's gone a hell of a lot better than I thought it was going to go in the first week .
That I have to agree .
Um , it -- it definitely has gone , um , much faster .
You know , I was looking at this thing as -- as , you know , it 's easy to win a war , it 's very hard to win a clash of cultures unless you just wipe somebody out --
Mhm .
-- and we certainly were n't going to do that , and I thought it was going to be a complete cl- clash of cultures in the beginning but it does n't seem to have gone to that and , um , maybe it wo n't .
I mean , it 's still a little early to tell , but who knows where any of the leadership is and where they 've gone and so , we 'll just have to see .
Well , it 's still very early .
I mean , we 're s - -- we 're talking about a culture that 's got probably seven different , um , ethnicities at least , each with their own values and their own agendas .
Yeah , but , I mean , in general , my kind of -- US centric view is that it 's almost like everybody is sort of five hundred years in the past with a very possible minority of -- who -- who are n't and , um , ah , that makes things very difficult .
You know , people are living in -- with value systems and beliefs that the US has n't held to if not ever , at least for a couple -- a couple of hundred years .
Um , well , one -- I -- I agree with you , it is a very US centric view .
Um , you know , an interesting thing for me is when the war started , I was , ah , travelling from Vietnam to Cambodia so it was very interesting being in a country which was completely devastated by , ah , American forces , um , while listening to all this discussion about going to Iraq and , um , you know , it 's -- the thing is is our way is not necessarily the right way .
And I think that it is arrogant to say -- this whole attitude of making the world safe for democracy which was the attitude they had in the Vietnam era , um , it 's -- it 's crazy .
Um , you know , in Vietnam now there 's a lot of changes .
It 's -- it 's a very positive up beat place right now and they 're not , um , rallying for democracy at this point .
