Yeah , and that they were gonna -- gas lines were gonna be shut off .
How high did yours guys get ?
Um , at some stations it actually went up to almost five dollars a gallon --
See there were a couple here --
-- which is high for --
-- that got in big trouble for doing that .
Yeah , they -- ours did too , the few stations that did that .
Big trouble .
Because it was definitely illegal but my husband said , you know , " Nuts with that , that 's -- that 's just , uh , screwy " so we just watched all these people , you know , in line for hours to get a tank of gas .
While we just went about our business .
So , I mean , that did n't even affect us .
Exactly , it did n't affect us either .
Yeah , we figured --
Now , I 've got a ten year old in school and there was times that the school took a lot of precaution , I mean , they watched every step , every visitor that came in .
Oh definitely .
Now it 's kinda laid back but there 's still security .
They 've got new doors at the front and -- and I do n't live in a really , uh , meanful , active city , you know , it 's just kind of a laid back city and , uh --
Yeah , that 's what we are too .
We 're out here in Buffalo , which is a more rural community and , uh , although we 've got a fairly large high school but they 've , um , instituted programs , you know --
-- like that one and have the local sheriff 's department that has -- has worked with the , uh , school to make sure that , um , all the -- all the doors are locked now except for the main entrance .
And visitors have to register .
They 're -- they 're no longer just allowed to walk in and , you know , walk to child 's classroom like they used to .
So , I mean --
Well --
-- I -- I think those changes are good .
Right , exactly .
And -- and I feel it 's good for all over , especially when you 're a single parent and the other partner is n't allowed to take the kids .
Oh , yeah .
' Cause you hear a bunch about that but since September eleven they finally did something about it .
Sure .
I do know that they --
I know -- I 'm sorry .
Oh , go ahead , I 'm sorry too .
I know when I found out about it , um , I worked at Walmart for nine years --
Oh .
-- and when my son was born a year later I quit .
But a couple of months before I quit we were having a ten year re-grand opening of our super center .
The same time he was announcing our regrand opening was the same time we got the information that the airplane hit .
