Oh .
On the field there .
And -- and she said when she got called that she got all this briefing and stuff --
Yeah , probably if we got --
-- to go in .
Yeah .
-- if we got closer we would get briefings and stuff , but as for -- I mean , we 've had people from our base that have gone , but not -- not my specialty exactly has n't been called yet , so ...
And what 's your specialty in there ?
I 'm services , which is a whole combination of everything from the cooks to running the morgue .
Oh .
And everything in between .
But no combat and I do n't fly a jet or anything like that , so ...
And I have never jumped out of a plane --
-- that everybody always asks me that , too .
Well , that 's good .
Yeah .
We 'll know that we can do that .
So , I 've been lucky so far .
And hoping to stay lucky .
I 'm figuring eventually my luck will run out .
I do n't think I can avoid going forever .
Well , I think if it lasts a long time then you might -- I know my ex husband he has ninety days that they could call him active again .
Yeah .
To go .
Yeah .
Well , when we joined there -- it was pretty much a given that you could -- you know , you might get called .
You would do one weekend a month and two weeks out of your summer .
Mhm .
And then there 's always the possibility of having to go longer .
And right after , uh , nine eleven they told us that if we got called up anywhere it would be for ninety days , which to me at that time just sounded crazy .
I 'm thinking , " Being away from home for ninety days ?
Oh , my gosh" .
Yeah .
Well , now it 's gone from that to six months to a year if we go anywhere .
Uh-huh , that 's how long he was gone .
So , I 'm thinking , uh , ninety days sounded really good .
I 'll take those ninety days now .
Yeah .
Well , that 's originally what Hugh had gone for , ninety days , to Germany , and then they told him , " Uh-uh , you 're staying longer " .
Oh , goodness .
So , he was there nine months .
Nine months ?
Yeah .
Wow .
In Germany .
Holy smoke .
Yeah .
I have a friend whose husband has been over to Saudi Arabia twice in the last year .
Oh .
I 'm thinking I do n't really wanna do that desert thing .
Uh-uh .
I keep telling them , " I 'm allergic to sand " .
Can send me to Germany or something , but I -- I do n't really wanna go to the desert .
Or you could be called to Paraguay .
I mean , like whoever heard of Paraguay ?
