Right , exactly , exactly .
You know , that we have our own country to -- to worry about and let 's not worry about anyone else , and , you know , ...
That 's right .
But you ca n't tell 'em that , you know .
I mean Bush gets up there , he 's all tied up with the -- the Middle East and he does n't seem to have a plan how to get us out of this current economic mess .
Right .
I do n't know .
How is the weather over there ?
Ah , it 's not too bad .
It 's kind of like --
Are you near Chicago ?
Yeah , I 'm just -- just south of Chi- Chicago .
I 'm in the suburbs .
It 's not too bad today ?
It 's just kind of -- kind of a little bit rainy --
Yeah .
But not too bad .
Well , it 's a warm front , right ?
Yeah .
Yeah .
You --
I mean we --
You guys have it really cold in the winter , do n't you ?
Ah , it depends , some winters we do .
You are used to it .
Yeah .
Yeah , I was talking --
Some winters it 's bad and then other times its , you know , if you , you know , hit fifty or sixty there is , you know , so ...
Yeah , yeah .
You never know .
Well , I lived up in Idaho Falls , Idaho , it used to get like twenty below .
Okay .
But it was a dry cold , you know .
Right .
You really did n't feel it that much .
Yeah .
Is this your first time on this , ah , what 's it called , Fisher linguistic thing ?
Oh , this is my second call .
Is it ?
Yes , I had one , um , oh , golly , it had to be a good three weeks ago .
Ahah .
And then , you know , then they sent me , you know , an email saying , " Do you still want to participate ? "
I said , " Yes " .
You know , I said , " This is really interesting 'cause y- -- you talk to someone , you know , all over .
Mhm .
I mean , you know , I talked to someone before from Georgia .
Did you ?
So , it was -- so , it was nice , you know , to get a different , you know , all over and , you know , then you talk to them about , you know , you know , their views and , you know , ...
Right .
So , you know , because , I mean , I imagine you -- I do n't know how big the city you are in .
Well , I 'm close to -- I was born in Philadelphia so I 'm -- I 'm in New Jersey , a suburb , you know , like about fifteen miles from Philly .
Okay .
For the time being I 'm here .
Yeah .
Do you -- do you travel ?
Well , I was thinking about going down south , down Virginia Beach .
Of course , there 's not too much opportunity over here .
The company I had worked for went out of business .
