Uh-huh .
They get all these people that come in and -- and California 's hit the worst because they come straight up from Mexico long enough to have a child and then the whole family can move in .
Ah , I 'm --
And they 're supporting them .
I 'm sure they are pregnant when they get here anyway .
Well , well , yeah , they 're pregnant .
They 're ready to deliver .
Uh-huh .
They come in at eight months .
Uh-huh , I 'm sure .
And , you know , they 're not even established , they just come in long enough to have that child .
It 's an American citizen .
Then the whole family gets to stay , and California is absolutely -- I mean , it 's busting their budgets because they have to pay medical on all these people because they do n't have jobs .
Wow , that 's interesting .
Yeah , you know .
So -- so where is our freedom ?
Our freedoms are being taken away more and more every day .
Mm .
I -- I , like I said , I totally agree .
Yeah , you know .
It 's an interesting situation in California .
Yeah , it is and , I mean , California is a big state , there 's no doubt about it , but as you get more people that are not working , than are working , then it 's going to affect the whole government .
Mm .
Not just California .
Mhm .
You know , so anyway , that 's just my opinion for what it 's worth .
Well , like I said , I -- I -- I definitely agree , um .
And what California voted on that for was to try and control it , not let these people come in -- in and in a week have a baby and then take up citizenship .
Yeah , but --
We 're a free country and anybody has the right to live here , there is no doubt but that 's not the way to do it .
Mhm , I agree .
I agree .
That is actual fact , an actual fact .
Okay , so what else do we have to do now ?
I think we just have to keep talking about censorship .
Oh , okay .
Um , you did bring up -- I mean , you brought up an excellent point with the -- with the guns and -- and -- and the fact that we do n't have freedoms .
Uh-huh .
And -- and , you know , like I say I just want to reiterate the fact that , you know , we 're taking -- we 're taking the -- the -- the raising of the children from the families .
That 's right .
And just putting it in the hands of the government and what -- like , I said , what blows my mind is that they can tell us this is what we want and --
That 's right .
And almost as if we were in a trance , we -- we -- we , you know , shake our head and agree , yeah , this is what we want and --
