No, I would n't .
That 's probably a -- a better hypothetical --
Yeah .
-- question for you .
Yeah , because friends , you know , you can -- you -- you can accept friendship but you ca n't take family .
Right .
Family is , you know , it 's closer than anything to me , so ...
Absolutely .
That 's great , that they 've been very supportive for you .
Yes , yeah but I -- I was thinking , Sunday , you know , as I saw my little nephew and we was out in the yard playing and one of our um , family friends passed .
She 's forty eight .
She had lung cancer .
Oh .
And I was saying , you know , everybody ... 'cause I 'm a well known person .
Everybody likes me .
I make everybody laugh , I 'm a clown .
Mm
So ... I was just outside and enjoying the sunshine , Sunday , and uh ... that -- that 's enough to -- to make me stay sober , looking at my nieces and nephews .
Yeah .
The way they have the unconditional love for me .
Oh , well , that 's great .
So , that -- that 's enough to keep me clean and sober .
Good .
Well , you just need to think about that every time .
Oh , yeah .
Every time I try to get persuaded because , you know , I 'm ... I used to be a knucklehead about that , you know ?
Just go somewhere and some e- -- I want to do what everybody else is doing , so ...
Mhm .
You know , and that 's not a good thing anymore for me .
Now , would you say it was because of the people that you were hanging around with ?
Oh , yeah , yeah .
Absolutely .
Like I said , I thought I had friends , you know , but if -- if anybody 's giving me drugs or ... or , you know , that 's not a friend , if they were really concerned about your health and your wellbeing .
Right .
You know , that 's not a friend , especially if they see you losing uh , you know , things that you worked hard for and they 're not , you know , saying well , that 's wrong , do n't do -- do n't give this away .
You know what I mean ?
Yeah .
Absolutely .
You know , so ...
Th- there 's no friendship there at all .
Right , no , so ... like I said , when I -- when everything ran out and everything was gone , then nobody was there .
Mhm .
So , I w- -- I had to deal with this alone so that 's the way I 'm gonna be now , you know ?
Just ... talk -- get closer to God and --
-- keep myself straight .
Well , good .
You -- you sound like you 're definitely on the right path .
Oh , yeah , yeah .
It -- it took me years to get this way but I 'm finally here because , like I said , at the meetings I went to , um , they said , how -- " If you do drugs or anything , you 're not loving yourself .
That 's l- -- committing slow -- a slow suicide" .
