And that ’s -- that was mainly -- that Potter and -- the Harry Potter thingy --
Yeah .
By it being such a popular movie .
Yeah .
Um , that ’s -- that ’s -- that might be one of the reason why they selected that material .
Uh --
Oh , I’m sure .
Because they wanted -- they want to have the kids read things that they’re interested in .
Yeah , definitely .
Which is very good because the kids wanna read things they’re interested in .
If they make them read stuff about , you know , pottery back in the sixteen hundreds , they don’t give a --
They don’t get into that !
-- a rats butt about pottery in the sixteen hundreds .
True .
So they have to give ‘em things they’re interested in .
Mhm .
But the only time it creates a problem is when the parents don’t agree with what they’re making the children read .
True .
But I think it ’s the parents , you know , th - if I went to one of my kid’s teachers and said , “ I don’t want my child to read Harry Potter ” she would definitely let me pick an alternate book .
Good .
That would n’t be a problem , but --
Okay .
-- you know , for a lot of parents , they get their nose bent out of sh - then they pull their kids out of school and they end up home schooling their children .
Mhm .
Because they don’t want ‘em exposed .
And then , a - and then , did you know , I -- that right there … I think the home schooling thingy , I -- it ’s -- i- i- it has its pros and cons .
Mhm .
Um , you know , the -- the pros is , the child’s getting a lotta attention .
Yeah .
Gets a lo- is getting , you know , might be getting the required , uh , materials that that person needs , but that child also misses out on --
Socialization .
-- the natural -- yeah , the socialization skills .
The natural --
Mhm .
-- bonding .
You know what I’m saying ?
The childhood bo- I missed that a lot , you know , the -- that childhood bonding process , by moving around a lot .
Yeah .
You know , I’m from New York and , um --
Oh , okay .
And , um , I left there when I was young and I came to the south and it was a big difference .
Um , uh , the first place I went to in the south was [inaudible] , Alabama , and it ’s that ’s -- no reflection on you or anything like that -- but it ’s redneck city .
Right , right .
And they own up to it , you know ?
So it ’s not --
Mhm .
-- I’m not saying anything , you know , that they don’t know or anything like that but -- they own up to it .
Um --
