Because you do n't hear of any Michael Jordans or Tiger Woods or anybody like that complaining .
No, they do n't because they 're good .
And they 're the true stars .
Right , right .
You see them , the newspapers have them .
It 's all over the internet but some no name new guy will be the first one to stand up and say , " Well , this is n't fair " .
Right .
" I need more , I want more " .
For doing nothing .
Right .
Has n't hit a ball all season , has n't caught anything all season , has not made a play all season and also , though , something else , it is a season .
It 's not a year time -- a -- a full-time job .
Right .
They perform during I think two months out of the year , the rest are in some kind of training camp .
Or doing nothing .
Or doing nothing and , ah , teachers who only have three months off , do not get -- get -- get paid for those three months then .
Right , they 're left to fend .
They are the essence of our -- of our society , so I -- it 's just -- I think it 's very -- ah , it just makes them look like very poor -- they have poor character , they have poor , um , judgement .
Exactly .
And it 's just greed .
It is .
I agree one hundred per cent because I could see teachers complaining or anybody else that has to fend for themselves for this many months out of the year to make money to feed their families .
These other people have money handed to them and they still complain .
Exactly .
I mean , look at even the airline industry where the pilots , mechanics and stewardess who are professionals at -- at -- and actually have a very , um , um , specific trade that they do .
They took a cut in order to keep their -- their industry moving .
Right .
And keep their jobs .
And these people --
But I see that as being a devotion where a lot of these sports players fall into something .
They became a high school star which moved them to being a college star .
Mhm .
And all this ego .
It 's a complete ego trip .
They are told , " You're the best in high school " and may have been mediocre in college and then end up getting a pro job and then that 's it .
And then there 's nothing else for them to do .
Right .
Yeah , or to become sports announcers .
Because they have n't gone to college or anything .
They skid through college just to be able to play these sports .
That 's right , that 's right , and their -- and their skills as in writing , reading , mathm - mathematics is just poor .
Oh , yeah .
And -- and they have no where else to go at that point if something happens and then they have the gall to strike and ask for money when they have no other skills unlike these other professionals who have very specific skills , very needed skills , um , are taking pay cuts .
