Well , when it happened that day , you know the Society Hill Towers , right , on Front Street ?
Yeah .
Well , at first I thought they meant somebody came and said , " Oh , the Towers was hit " , so I thought it was the towers on the -- you know , the -- in Society Hill , the Society Hill Towers , so I -- I was very -- oh , I could n't believe it and then when I heard it was New York , that was even har- more hard , that was more hard to believe because --
How --
That was sabotage -- that was like -- it 's just unbelievable .
I 'll -- I 'll be honest , I -- I guess to give you a point of reference of how old I am , I 'm still a fan of Imas[ ? ] in the morning .
Pardon ?
I 'm a fan of Imas in the morning .
Okay .
I was a fan way back when long ago in a galaxy far , far away in high school .
Okay .
And , oh , all these years later , I remember Warner Wolfe[ ? ] calling in on it and not really believing it at first , but then all of a sudden the word came into our office , " Turn the TV on " and I saw the first one .
Mhm .
And I swallowed .
It 's hard to believe .
And I said -- and I said , mm , because I 'm thinking it 's only an accident , that nobody is actually doing --
Yeah , yeah --
This .
That 's what I thought .
Then I saw the second one and I said -- I said something I did n't need to repeat to , ah , to a lady .
It 's hard to believe and it 's so hard to believe how they 're trained to commit suicide , to think nothing of it just to give their lives up just -- that 's -- that 's so hard to believe .
They kill themselves those two terrorists .
Well , the whole -- the whole crew in -- in all the airplanes and such had essentially killed -- killed themselves --
Oh , that was sad that too with the airplanes and the people , um , on the airplane trying to -- using their cell phones trying to contact their families , trying to say what 's going on and -- and apparently they were [inaudible ] the White House .
Yeah ?
But luckily those people that flight took their best shoot .
There was nothing -- there was nothing to lose I imagine at that point .
But he got away with it , Bin Laden .
Well , I -- I do n't know if you can say he got away with it because of the way now that he has to exist , if he is still existing .
Hiding .
Yeah .
I mean look at it this way , twenty some odd years later they find Abdul Hamas .
Mhm , and that 's something --
And the [several inaudible words ] sitting there in Baghdad collecting his revolutionary social security checks .
You know I 'll be honest I -- that one Bin Laden is one whose -- I 'd prefer to see his head on a stick to -- to be convinced that he 's dead .
I do n't particularly care whether Saddam Hussein is dead or not , but that one needs to be shown with a head on a stick .
