Yeah but I have one that 's my best friend for the last -- -- last seventeen years , I think .
Oh , wow , seventeen years .
That 's interesting .
The -- the person that I would consider to be my best friend is ... actually , she 's originally from California and she moved to Louisiana uh when she got married and ... two totally different people okay , but for some reason we bonded and -- and we 've both been through a whole lot and probably , if I had to guess , it 's probably been longer than that .
My first child is now twenty four so I 've known her for twenty four years .
Hello ?
Yes .
Okay .
I 've known her for twenty four years and it 's like , there 's just no way that I could , you know , give up our friendship for nothing with her , even though we 're -- we 're two totally different people okay ?
It seems like there has always been something that we have always bonded and kept us together .
She sees things in different lights than I do .
Mm .
That 's interesting .
My best friend , I think , we 're friends because we are so much alike and we 're ...
Really ?
... both kind of different , you know , from most people .
Uh-huh .
That we found a lot in common .
Oh , okay .
So , that was your common bond ?
Mhm .
Yeah .
See , my friend ... her name is Angie .
She makes me see things in a different light and I find that very , very helpful .
I 'm -- I 'm kind of , I guess , closed minded .
I see things my own way and she helps me to see things in another way and it 's like , oh , okay then .
Mm .
So , I 've always found that to be very helpful for me in -- in our -- our friendship and I really -- I ca n't wait to call her tomorrow and ask her this question and see what she would say .
And say , okay , Angie , if somebody would offer you a million dollars but you could never talk to me again ... she would probably say the same thing you did , could we email each other ?
Yeah .
It 's like , going around the topic , it 's like , .
No form of communication but I never thought about email or sign language .
Those would be different avenues .
Yeah .
Now , if my best friend lived next door , then I would just have to say no way but since she 's in Germany anyway and we see each other about every two years ...
Oh , wow .
... and we mostly do just communicate by email .
Really ?
Yeah .
Wow because I was going to ask you , how do you communicate with somebody who 's so far away .
I mean , that 's --
Mostly email 'cause the phone is not that expensive any more but , you know , when you 're nine hours apart and everything ...
