-- not spend on no credit cards , buy now pay later thingy and I figured that that thing I -- I -- I 'm with you on that one right there .
If -- if I guess the older you get , for me , the older I get is a little more difficult to , um , save money --
Yeah .
-- and -- and not buy into that buy now and pay later thingy because it 's so convenient .
When you have a credit card in your hand , you got no cash , you know , you need something , something from the store , you need a new outfit or you -- you see something that caught your eye on TV -- TV is the thing for you --
Uh-huh .
-- it 's like , go get it .
You do n't got to worry about it for thirty days , you know --
Right .
-- and , ah , all of a sudden you just debt , debt , debt , debt , debt and that causes a lot of stress and a lot of anxiety because you like --
-- goh , see , I need to pay my rent , I need to pay my bills , too , so which one do I pay ?
So --
Exactly .
And like when I think of what I pay out now on the credit cards for the stuff that I 've already used up , or , you know , went to the movies and do n't even remember which one I saw --
Mm .
-- you know , stuff like that or went to a restaurant where I did n't need to buy that or this , when I think that I 'm paying now all this money that I could be using doing whatever I want with out of my paycheck --
Mm .
-- it kills me .
Yes .
Especially interest .
But I do n't to -- you know , I do n't want to go through the bankruptcy thing like that because that throws ten years of even more hardship on you --
Definitely .
-- and why do you have ten years of hardship where I would n't be making my credit better by paying instead of making it worse by throwing a bankruptcy for five years where nothing changes .
True .
You know , I do n't want to .
And no one 's going to touch you after -- for those ten years , no one 's they 's -- they advertise , ah , we ignore bankruptcy , we ignore repossessions , they do n't ignore that .
I 've had --
No, they do n't .
-- one car -- I 've had one car repo , it 's my first car ever I had -- I was -- I got it like in two thousand and one .
I had a nice car , a ninety eight Bueller[ ? ]
Sabre and , um --
-- I got it .
And did n't know I could n't pay for it .
I was working part time and I got a full time job and -- and I thought I could swing it and I did n't think about the -- I -- I -- well , I did include the insurance and all that , but I did n't -- I did n't include the speeding tickets --
