Right , right .
Well , like you say , a dollar here , a dollar there , and the gas prices have gone up too .
Yeah , like gas prices , okay .
Yeah .
So we 're paying a lot more than we paid right before September eleventh .
I think so .
Yeah .
And the other day I was reading a , um , business article from , uh , Business Magazine and --
Mhm .
-- it was talking about how the Bush -- our government raised war with the , you know , Middle East and --
Uh-huh .
-- and how it 's going to impact global economy because of the cost of doing business when , uh , you will have more security , more this , more that .
And I was reading that article , I was thinking , " Oh , it -- the timing seems to be wrong" .
It 's not because of this recent war .
I think that all this cost were not go -- went back to September eleventh , it does n't start right now .
The global unstabilization did n't start right this moment .
No. Yeah .
So ...
I think you 're right about that , and we -- we do n't there 's a lot of impact .
Yeah , I think so too .
Mhm .
Well , life goes on !
Um -- um , one of my , uh , somebody I used to work with years ago was in the Pentagon when -- when -- on September eleventh , and he died in the Pentagon .
Oh , that 's really sad .
And so -- yeah , and I think about him sometimes .
Of course , I thought about him , you know , on September eleventh last year , when it was one year anniversary .
Mhm .
And , you know , it 's a sad thing and -- and you think about how this could affect somebody you know and their family , and that kind of thing .
It 's --
Yeah , since -- since you have mentioned it , I did remember something .
I have a college classmate who lives in New York .
Mhm .
Uptown New York , just around there .
And he work in downtown --
Mhm .
-- in financial district too .
Uh-huh .
And after September eleven I know he 's -- he is okay --
You do ?
-- but I lost contact with him .
Oh .
All the phone , all the email , all everything it did n't work .
And --
And for some reason if he did n't contact me , I do n't know where he is .
So you do n't know if he 's okay ?
He 's okay , uh , because I went -- I went back -- where I 'm from , Taiwan , so I kinda ca - after like , ten days or some -- some -- so many days I was really worried , so I called back to Taiwan and talked to the classmates --
Uh-huh .
-- and then they went to their family and ask .
