And also I 'm guessing all those , you know , upper class people or some people , you know , related to Saddam Hussein have left the country already , you know , or they might having , like , vacations somewhere nicer , you know .
Right .
I do n't think that they are gonna be staying there , so all those [inaudible ] ordinary people --
Mhm .
-- no place to go to , you know , to move to , so -- and also , like , women and children , you know .
Yeah .
So , if you wanted to actually -- I was gonna say , if you wanted to actually help their country , each time they let a missile off , I think someone was telling me it 's like a million dollars for each missile that they let off .
That 's money that you could put into the country to -- to help the country rather than bringing the country down and then you say you wanna rebuild the country .
That -- that -- that makes no sense whatsoever .
Mhm .
That 's true .
' Cause some people told me that , I mean , you know , all those , you know , um , missiles are -- I mean , if -- from the American perspective , after the war their economy is gonna get better because they need to , you know , um , produce , like , those army product- prod - products , supplies .
Mhm .
So , they need to hire more people , more labor .
I -- I do n't know where it started , but in terms -- from the American perspective the war might affect positively on their economy , e- especially , you know , the economy in this country has been really , really slow and unemployment -- unemployment is really high .
Right .
So , I do n't know which way --
A lot of companies are -- are -- are cutting their due to the war .
So .
Yeah .
Yeah .
And -- and so forth .
So , it -- it 's not helping the economy at all because --
Oh .
-- a -- a lot of companies , you know , they 're cutting their workforces because they 're not making as much money as -- as they usually would be making .
I was just watching something about the airlines .
They 're gonna be cutting a lot of employees 'cause people are -- are afraid to fly right now , so it 's -- it 's not gonna help the economy .
It -- it may get better in the end , and then again it -- it may not .
If you think about what happened September the eleventh , the con- -- the economy has n't gotten any better since then .
Oh , that 's true .
Yeah .
It has been really slow since then , right .
But , um , well -- but the c - -- the country has to send a lot of , you know , military supplies to the servicemen in I- Iraq right now .
Right .
So , they 've got to spend all the , you know , stocks -- stock -- they -- they -- I -- I 've heard that since there was not any major war or major fight i- in the world --
