Yeah , that ’s -- that ’s it , yeah , that ’s it .
You know , they’re saying , I mean , i- i- I don’t even know about like , Islam and all those people , what they think about this .
I’m still trying to figure out all those religions , I’m just --
Mm .
-- working with the ones around America here .
But they -- they have these movements and -- and they tell the school -- and this girl I heard about through my mom , from my high school , turned into a big holy roller and she’s been fighting the school board like , this , um , I don’t know , some book that normally is no problem , like , Stuart Little or something , and they say , “Yes , but Stuart Little ” -- are you still there ?
Yeah , I’m here .
Okay .
Like , “That really is about , um , heaven and hell and , um , in that -- in that God did n’t create” you know , whatever .
You know , that ’s -- that -- that --
Yeah , they --
What do you call it ?
They , you know , they come from these fanatical views , you know , you know , but totally off the wall , you know .
But , yeah , I -- I’ve heard all kinds of different interpretations of different things , you know , like Harry Potter for instance , it ’s a perfect example .
Um --
Yeah .
That they think it ’s like the devil or something .
Witchcraft , yeah .
And so they would be like , yep , dead set against that .
And okay , that ’s banned , and so -- I mean , as a teacher , of course I would respect that .
Mhm .
That I’m not gonna force them .
I would have an alternate choice because , you know --
Right .
-- our thing is to be more sensitive to everybody .
You would n’t force them to read it , whereas when -- I don’t know how old you are , but you sound like more my age , like forty something ?
Are you younger ?
Uh , I’m -- I’m younger , I’m thirty , thirty one .
Oh , you’re a youngun .
Yeah .
But -- but anyway , like , thinking back a couple of years , you know , like when I was in high school , I mean --
-- they made you read the stuff .
Yeah .
You had to read that .
Mhm .
Whatever it was .
So let me ask you a question then .
Do you think if you seen a student who wrote that way or , you know , wanted to read a book or whatever --
Well , I would say , “ I can’t accept it ” because I teach elementary school , so I can’t have any swear words .
I mean , let’s say if you were a high school teacher .
High school ?
Uh , [several inaudible words ] .
I would have to see what my staff was telling me .
They might have a policy which , of course , I would adhere to the school’s policy because if you don’t have a policy the place is a shambles .
Now , let’s say they’re really hip and to a point that , you know , Catcher In The Rye and some of these stories where they throw in a little bad word here and there for effect and they’re -- they’re hip to that .
I would say , “Okay” .
But I’m not gonna like -- I’ve learned over the years , you don’t wanna butt the principal and make some kind of stand , “ Well , I demand that my kids are allowed to swear in their creative writing ” you know ?
