Yes , they do .
They do , that 's right .
Yeah , yeah .
The minute the sign , um --
Yeah .
-- I forget the name of the company that , um , yep , they 're insured in case they ca n't play .
Yeah , 'cause it --
It 's gotten way out of hand , you know , and I do n't know what we can do about it .
Yeah , it is way out of hand but that -- that 's why I do n't think that they should be giving into the strikes .
Uh-uh , uh-uh .
I do n't think they should give into the strikes 'cause they 're just making too -- too much money .
And if they 're gonna do that then , guess what , I think everybody should stop buying tickets and going .
Yeah , because my -- and my thing too is look at the teachers --
Look at the what ?
-- teachers -- the teachers -- the teachers do n't make enough money --
Yes .
I know it .
Well --
And the teachers are in charge of your children it -- you know , the most important --
Amen .
-- thing to you .
Mhm .
They need to give the teachers mon - more money .
Amen , I have said for years and they make less here in , uh , the Carolinas than --
Oh yeah .
-- up North .
We 're from Ohio and they make a lot more up there .
Oh .
But I say those -- those and the policemen are the most underpaid people --
Yeah --
-- in the world .
-- for the jobs that they do .
And that -- that 's right .
And my daughter , she -- well , I have a daughter just graduated and I wanted her to teach but she said , " No way " .
She said , " Mom , the teach - all the teachers are saying that after we graduate this is going to be their last year " .
Mhm .
You know , they ca n't afford to --
Well , that 's why we 're -- we 're in such a shortage here because , you know , first up we do n't 'em --
Mhm .
-- second off the kids are getting away with murder in this schools and --
Yes .
-- in the junior high and high schools they 're scared to death --
Yeah .
-- you know .
And this -- it -- it 's the same that the -- the teachers are scared to go to work .
Uh , why ca n't the teachers go on strike ?
Yeah , they need to strike .
And I -- I bet they 've more back -- uh , people backing them in the --
I 'm serious .
-- bask - basketball players .
If these multi million -- yeah , I 'm serious .
Mhm .
I -- I do n't know if they 're in a union or not but you would think that they 'd be able to go on strike to get more money .
