-- I 'm -- I 'm not afr- afraid of it and -- I do n't know , it -- it has n't really changed my view about flying , other than -- well , y- I do n't know , you know , I --
-- since I have n't --
-- done it , maybe it will .
Hm .
I -- I 'm planning a trip in --
-- in June , so we 'll --
Where are you going ?
-- see how it goes .
We 're actually going to Europe , so --
Europe , that sounds great .
Yeah .
Sounds like lots of fun .
Looking forward to it .
Now , if , uh , if terrorists wanted to do some sort of air thing outside of America , I 'd say that they 'd have just as easily , uh -- easy free range as anywhere else , but , uh , the , uh , -- I 'm not sure how the attacks in America are gonna , uh , keep up right now since we 're attacking most of the countries that the terrorists are coming from and all their funding is being freezed and they 'll have a really hard time getting over here since we 're in a , uh -- we 're geared up for war , um --
Yeah , that 's what I was thinking too .
I do n't know who would even attempt it , or who has the money unless it was somewhere like South Korea , or something .
Right , and , uh --
Someone we were n't paying much attention to .
Right , --
-- right , um , I -- I don- -- I do n't think that there 's , uh , there 's much of a threat , however , I guess my concurrence would be , uh , it can still happen if they 're devoted enough and if he 's -- you know , I 'm wondering about how many , uh , how many more terrorists we 're gonna have because of this war .
I mean , how many of these , uh -- how many young boys are gonna remember that their fathers were taken away by these bombs , and , uh -- by a US bomb and grow up and be a terrorist ?
And , uh , I mean , I -- I ca n't tell you how big the families are , I do n't know , but when you cut the head of a , uh , hydra off and you 're gonna get more coming back and I 'm not sure that we can solve it by just killing them and carpet bombing them and -- I mean , the ones that were innocent before and came from nice families will grow up now with kids with militant hatred for the US --
Mhm .
-- and we just -- just spawned a huge group of future terrorists with this war and our bombing of Iraq .
Yeah , I have n't -- I have n't been a supporter of any of our actions thus far and I continue to actively protest against it , but I have n't been watching the news in the last month , so I do n't even know what 's happening now .
