-- and , ah , so the next morning I take off and go to my mother 's house --
Uh-huh .
-- to get my things and oh , " I went through that stuff not too long ago and I threw all that stuff out , I did n't think you wanted it anymore " .
And so I- -- I 'm in a really sick mood .
Oh , that 's so sad .
My parents go through that .
My dad does n't clean , he just decides like once every few years he just picks up a bunch of stuff and throws it --
Mhm .
-- and that drives my mom crazy .
It does n't matter what it is , out it goes .
Yeah , he just -- just a bunch of stuff , just grabs a bunch of stuff and throws it --
Just gets tired of seeing it , eh , and --
Yeah .
-- out it goes .
Yeah .
Mm , mm mm .
Yeah .
It 's sad but true .
I think my other , um , if I could go back in time , the other thing I would change , and I know this probably should n't mean anything , especially now that I 'm thirty two , but back in -- back in school , that -- that I could have been a cheerleader and I chose not to --
Oh .
-- because it -- it conflicted with -- with choir which seems so silly now --
-- and it was just my first year and it conflicted with that and I -- and I love to sing and I chose choir and then after that it 's kind of like , you really could n't get back into it .
So and then I -- and I kind of regret it because I would have -- I probably would have been with a different crowd and --
Yeah .
-- and I 'm , you know , might have had a little bit more fun in high school because high school 's , you know , pretty hard on most of us and -- and sometimes wonder if I would have chose the other , how different my life might have been --
Yeah .
That 's something you do n't ever know , is n't it .
It -- it --
-- the decis - -- the little decisions you make , it could affect everything .
Yeah .
And I guess I thought that I -- I could do it later if I wanted to , but it was one of those things that once you got into it the first year , they -- they -- cheerleaders were pretty much set for the rest of school and --
That 's right .
-- and --
-- it would have been , I probably would have really enjoyed it , but , you know , when you have classes that go up against each other and you have to make a choice , you just try to do the best you can at that type -- time and -- and hope you do n't regret it later .
