And -- and -- and believe it or not I -- over the years , I -- I 've gotten to where , like , the company I work for , I am their first line software support .
You know , internal software .
That 's always exciting .
You know , the -- the computers not doing the right thing or my screen 's crashing or this or that or -- and it 's always me --
Mhm .
-- they call , you know , kinda thing .
Right .
And it 's like -- it 's -- it kinda comes natural to me .
I enjoy it .
I enjoy the --
It 's very logical .
-- challenge .
Ye- yeah .
It 's very logical .
Yeah , I 'm the only person in my office that has an organized day .
And I tell them I have to have it that way because otherwise I ca n't find anything .
You know ?
Uh-huh .
And so , um , you know , and I think a lot of people are intimidated by computers and intimidated by science and that sort of thing and it --
Yes .
-- it 's really not anything , you know , to be --
-- when -- when I was in college , one of the things I did --
-- for spare cash was , um , tutoring students in maths --
-- specifically .
And one of the really interesting things I discovered is that every single one of them had a serious issue with not just math but with a specific math instructor .
Wow .
Everybody could put a name to tha instructor which really surprised me .
You know , thinking back I -- I can -- I can put a name to one .
Yep.
Yep.
Yeah , yeah , and now you think it , and now --
Uh-huh .
-- that you mention it , that 's w- that 's --
Er , yeah --
-- interesting .
-- every single student I had .
And once -- once I was able to work with them and get that identified they were able to overcome it .
But , until they were able to identify the source of why they hate maths --
Mm .
-- um , they -- they really continued to struggle .
But --
That 's interesting .
That is an interesting theory .
-- yeah .
To , ah -- to --
Yeah , ah , it 's -- it -- it was -- ah , there are some people that , um , that has n't been true , I hear , but I would -- I would typically deal with the people who 're smarter in other areas and able to think logically .
They just had a maths problem .
So --
My -- my thing I was -- was if I did good in math , I did n't do good in English .
If I did good in English I did n't do good in math .
I could n't --
-- I could n't concentrate .
