Mhm . Right , right .
But , um , as far as , uh , you know airport security , especially what they do at the airport , some of it is so ridiculous that , you know , I mean any time that they set a certain standard and it 's all black and white and there 's no , you know , um , common sense involved , you know it 's -- I do n't know , I just have a problem with that .
I think overall the way they 've done , you know -- and the thing is I 'm -- I tend to be pretty conservative , you know --
Mhm .
-- I would n't want to call myself a Republican , but I am pretty conservative --
-- and I think the normal what you consider conservatives are Republicans with their , um , homeland security are just going crazy as far as , you know , trying to , you know , take away so many of our -- what we would normally consider our rights in the name of keeping us secure .
I 'm sorry , but I guess I 'd rather risk a little bit more security and not , uh , have people snooping around so much .
Yeah .
Yeah , because I notice , um , the other policy that came here in Phili[ ? ] was that , um , when they check your luggage and everything , they want everything like in a clear bag .
It 's like a random check that they do and they want everything like where they can see it so then -- so they had like all these stipulations you had to do was as far as how you baggage up your luggage and everything which was a little bit more complicated because now you -- you 're having to put everything like in individual bags 'cause you do n't want anybody just touching your personal items , you know .
Right .
And , um , it just seemed like you had to get to the airport early anyway , but now it was like you had to get there extra early just in order to , um , go through the whole checking process just to board the plane .
So , it was like after everything that happened nine eleven it seems like we 're all being held responsible for what happened then because , I guess , security was n't tight enough or whatever .
Yeah , I -- you know , I do n't know as -- as far as -- you know and -- and y- no you tell me how -- you know you 're being in Phili , I 'm in -- I 'm like forty miles east of Milwaukee in the middle of Wisconsin --
Okay .
I do n't feel -- I do n't feel very threatened by anything .
I 'm not really in a very large , important metropolitan area --
Oh , okay .
But I -- I probably have a much different way of looking at it .
I mean , I 'm not , uh , I 'm not worried , you know .
There are a lot bet- better targets than , you know , we are around here , so I have -- I guess I have a little bit different way of looking at it plus , um , I do n't tend to , uh -- I do n't watch the network news for one thing .
