Um .
It 's like it just slipped my mind , um ...
But ah basically having it so that they -- if someone can get hired for the color of their skin its ' really scary , because you get people into an office , especially in -- ah , where social services and other things like that and it -- so that they -- they -- they 're basically guaranteed -- affirmative action , that was the name of it , but ah -- that they 're guaranteed their job just because they have a certain color of skin .
The problem with that is that they can get in there and then they -- then nobody can get rid of them and get somebody who can actually do the job properly and -- ah , especially in governmental positions and stuff like that .
But it 's a really scary place to be because they have people 's lives in their hands and if they do n't know what they 're doing , then we 're in real trouble .
Right .
It 's --
But ah --
-- really -- really bad when you 're turned away --
Yeah .
-- from something that you know so much about , just because you just happen to not fit the quota .
Exactly and , ah , I kn- -- I mean , fortunately I 've never personally been in that situation , just simply because I 've generally gone out and gone into my own business because that 's what I like to do .
But ah I think that a lot of people are more willing to just get a job that will be there and they just want something that 's safe and dependable that they do n't have to deal with any risk and , ah , unfortunately a lot of them are n't willing to actually do their job .
They just want a job that pays them and they want to do what they want to do in the process .
And that 's one of the reasons this country has got a lot of the problems it does is because people who 've gotten where they wanted , depend on the government to take care of them , instead of them taking care of the government .
Yeah .
Which is a little scary , but ah anyhow --
Yeah , it is .
-- a -- and -- and -- I -- I do n't mean to -- I -- I 'm forty four , I 'm just curious as to how old a student you are .
Are you in your tw- --
I 'm twenty three .
Oh , okay .
So , you 're in your --
Yeah .
-- early twenties .
So , you 're -- are you a senior at this point then ?
Yeah .
Okay .
So , you 're -- you 're getting close to -- to getting out and getting into the --to the real world --
Yeah , hopefully just one more semester .
-- so to speak .
And a - are you in school -- ah , what area of the country do you go to school in ?
