And this is Barbara .
Just about , yeah .
A- --
Like , yeah , censorship , um , I think it can lead to -- to even --
Um , neither do I.
-- more ills and -- and woes and control that we do n't want to have , I think , that reading can help develop a sense of responsibility if those communication lines are kept open and nurtured and when kids are reading they 're encouraged to ask questions --
Correct , um , --
-- and to talk about things that trouble them or concern them --
About the only thing I might --
-- or the things that they like or --
-- disagree upon is , um , if it 's , um , used in a harmful way .
Yeah , I guess we can all do our part --
Correct .
-- because it 's a -- it 's a topic that comes up from time to time and I know that as taxpayers we have a say in what happens in th - -- our public , our local public school system .
I do n't have any children in school .
I think parents of children who are in school have even more power --
Right .
-- and more say --
And it -- it -- it 's a ban , uh , uh , like a book club or --
-- in things like censorship or no censorship .
Oh , okay .
They 're like the stake holders in this whole thing .
Oh .
Correct Mhm .
Exactly , and -- and I just hate to think of the way it -- it snowballs out of control and , uh , you know , uh , these people go out and start burning things and having these bonfires and throwing books on 'em and , you know , that 's what scares me .
It -- it turns into like a mob scene , a --
Mm .
Well , I know , uh , growing up myself , um , we probably were restricted , though , in reading from a private school more than we were restricted when I entered a public school system , so , um , therefore I went to the public --
Exactly .
-- school system because I had the freedom to --
-- and the only way --
-- choose what books I wanted .
-- anything can be accomplished is to talk about it , not to --
-- and at the private school we were not .
-- you know , form an angry mob and burn and -- and destroy , but rather be creative and -- and communicate .
Mhm .
But then -- but then they also did n't [ ?] , um , because it was a private school , it was , um , more religious an- based , so you had , um , the freedom to read anything pertaining to , uh , uh , religious , um , medias and able to read , uh , freely and teachers were teaching a religion class at that time .
Yeah , we used to say the pledge of allegiance every day or daily and I believe that is ruled out now ... so , mm .
Right , correct , choose to and if -- and I do know , um , um , children here in our area that go to the private schools , um , they might not be that , um , um , religion but they are able to , um , freely choose what books they read , um , at their school , but in -- but in the other essence at the public schools , um , it 's -- you have more freedom to read whatever you want to read in the public schools , there 's a lot more freedom there than the private school sector .
And I went to both and I have brothers and sisters that went to all private and there was only two of us allowed to go to the public because our parents thought that was less of an education but , yeah , we turned out pretty good .
Correct .
My -- my parents definitely encouraged reading , um , we were giving -- given more play time if we read more books and -- and , um , when my mother let us go to the public library or little book store she did not -- uh , she wanted to see the books but she did n't -- she never said , " No , you ca n't read that " .
Mhm .
So , um , um , we grew up reading and being awarded for reading .
Yeah .
So did my brother and he was given an award for reading about every book that they had in the library , so , but that 's -- that was eight years of school , so you could about read every book .
So , uh Correct , yeah , any time you read , um , you have that , uh , freedom and new possibilities and more knowledge , um , so I -- I disagree on censoring , um , reading materials in the school system .
Correct .
Mhm .
Correct .
Um , yes , and when we were going to school my mother was active in the , uh , school system and PTAs and , uh , parental guidance and , um , I know that we did n't have , um , a -- a censoring of -- of books when I was going through the system , um , and today I would , uh , hope that our children and the children children after that would be able to , uh , freely read and be able to give that knowledge to someone else .
Right , because one person 's attitude towards one piece of , uh , information from a book should be banned and if you congregate ten people , um , and they all disagree , then who 's really right ?
Correct .
