-- into the mess .
One thing is that really shocked me was that we trained Bin Laden .
I -- I thought that was strange that we -- we trained -- trained him to fight in Afghanistan , is what I heard .
Yeah , probably against the Russians when they had that whole thing --
Right .
-- going on with them .
And then he turned on us .
He used our knowledge and every- -- see that 's what made , uh , nine one one so bad was that they used our own working knowledge and -- and a - --
Yeah .
-- against us .
We actually -- it was like t- taking your own fist and -- someone taking your fist and hitting you in your own face with your own fist .
That 's what I felt like .
Yeah , I can understand that .
And -- and --
I know , it almost feels like a double edged sword because in one point you 're training people to help themselves , as a country .
And I do n't doubt that there 's still gonna be Iraqi people who hate us .
I mean , and that could come back to haunt us too .
I 'm not saying that it wo n't but , you know , sometimes for the good of what 's going on at the moment , I think sometimes you have to absolutely do what is necessary .
And I think that 's -- we 've even helped Saddam before , if I remember correctly .
Right , yep.
And just different things and when it served our purpose we did what we had to do , you know .
I think that 's true with any country though and I do n't ever see that changing with anybody .
No, that 's -- it 's , you know , you know , people are gonna serve their interests , but we are a f - -- pretty much a fair country --
Yeah , I think so too .
-- and we -- matter of fact I think our nai- -- we 're kinda nai- -- we 're naive --
Yeah .
-- in that we thought that we were creating goodwill but a lot of the times people really just do n't -- they do n't know that we 've done good 'cause they lie to the people , like you said earlier .
Yeah .
They send out negative messages and the people are being influenced by their media , which is not an honest -- honest m - media .
We know that 's true 'cause the day they pulled that statue down they were saying , " We saw Saddam Hussein" , you know .
And I 'm like , " Give me a break people" , you know .
I think they never tell their people the truth .
I do n't ever see it happening .
I think if there 's some way we can bootleg it in there , maybe it 'll be a different place .
Right .
Like , uh , radio free Europe and --
Yeah .
-- you know , sort of kinda stuff like where they can get true -- true facts .
