No. What now ?
It 's called The Rave Act .
Mhm .
Um , sort of been nicknamed .
It 's a -- it 's a law that just got passed last week .
They 've been trying to pass it for two years now .
And basically what it says is that anyone that throws a social event , so that could be like , a party --
Mm .
-- a dance , an art thing , you know , whatever it might be , anyone that sols - a -- throws a public event , um , if they ha - if they could reasonably believe that somebody at the event might be using illegal drugs , the person that threw the event is responsible .
Yes , they could be [inaudible ] for it .
Yeah , is responsible for prison time and like , up to half a million dollar fine or something , which is just ridiculous 'cause --
Yeah .
The -- but like , does n't look like , the same thing with like , Napster .
Like , Napster 's just a indexing service and then -- like , people use it to trade music and so they -- they 're going after Napster [inaudible ] um , because of Napster that it 's happening .
It 's almost like a similar thing , you know .
They 're only after the main person instead of attacking the individuals , in a way .
Right .
Like , did you ha - did you happen like , I think it was like , I think it was like , three or four days ago , some college student , they -- they indexed the college network was the monthly , I mean , the most college students do n't have his music and movies on the computers , right ?
Uh huh .
So they created like a -- a program so they could , uh , search all the computers on the network .
And so what happened was that MR -- MIA sued them for ninety eight billion dollars .
You 're kidding !
I think every song was a hundred and fifty thousand dollar copyright violation .
Even though --
Wow !
-- a - all they did -- all they did was make a indexing service that -- that had nothing to do with music .
So , I mean , if you search for the word music , you 'll get music .
But all they made was the indexing .
And -- but they -- --
Wow !
-- they still got sued for ninety eight billion dollars .
It 's ridiculous .
Ridiculous .
Like --
It seem -- it seems like the -- the , uh , record industry is really short sighted , you know .
Yeah .
They should have started doing subscription based model years ago and , you know , they 're -- they 're like , living with old technology and , you know , even if I go out and buy a CD , the first thing I do is rip it to MP3 because it 's more convenient to use that way , you know .
Exactly , yeah .
Like , uh --
Um
I just -- I just bought the Linkin Park CD but I -- I could n't read -- I -- I -- I made a copy of it because I do n't want the original to get damaged , you know ?
