About the only bummer thing was after that happened , I 'm in the National Guard here --
Mhm ?
-- and I thought , " Oh , yeah , I 'm going away " . .
.
I might as well pack my bags now .
Did they call you ?
No. No. Believe it or not , and I need to find some wood real quick here and knock on it because ever since then , nothing .
I mean , we 've gotten a couple of close calls where we had to pack the bags and be ready to go , but we 've not actually gone anywhere .
It 's amazing .
Mm .
Do you know anyone that 's in the war right now ?
Um , there 's people I -- I do n't know exactly where they 're at , though , people from our base that have gone , but I do n't know -- they do n't tell -- even they do n't even tell us where they go - going .
Yeah .
The only ones that are allowed to know are the ones that it affects , so -- but I know several people who have left .
I just do n't know where they are .
I mean , they could still be stateside , for all I know .
Or they could be over there , I do n't really know . .
Yeah .
I knew one guy .
He was over in Afghanistan after the attacks and --
He ca - --
-- they sent him over there and then I heard he actually shot one of them .
Wow !
He 's , um , in the Navy .
That 's pretty wild when it strikes people that you know .
Yeah .
Luckily , nobody I knew was over in New York .
Yeah , that just seems like everybody knew somebody , but I -- I did n't know anyone either .
And I do n't even think I knew anyone -- or know anyone that knew anyone . .
.
Which is guess is pretty lucky .
But it 's scary .
It 's one of those things that makes you think , when you 're in your little world and nothing 's going wrong , you just -- you never know .
So , did you ever think to buy plastic and duck tape ? .
No.
.
No, I did not .
I did not at all .
Someone asked me that earlier , so they called me earlier with the same topic .
Oh , .
And they said about the plastic and duck tape .
I was , like , no way . .
No.
Not at all .
That would -- just seemed ridiculous to me .
That is not going to do nothing .
My mom actually -- we needed tape to -- we have a cream colored carpet and we 're having a party , so we put plastic down , and she was -- she was embarrassed actually go have to buy plastic and tape . .
.
Funny .
She 's , like , " I 'm going to walk into the store and they 're going to think I 'm taping up the house " . .
