How old -- how old were the kids whenever they were given this permission ?
Juniors in high school .
Juniors in high school .
Right , but --
Yeah .
Still , if it 's not appropriate for the MPAA you should n't be showing it in school .
Exactly , exactly .
So , um , but others -- I mean there 's been big deals over all kinds of books , some that do n't really seem that terribly inappropriate .
Oh , yeah .
I mean same here .
Well , even [several inaudible words ] school , and , um , they -- whenever I was in high school they would offer -- they would have times where they would let you read , not necessarily a banned book , but you could pick the books that you wanted to read that were n't on the normal reading list --
Ahah .
-- and , um , you know , even if they were , you know , like Catcher in the Rye or something like that , books that are , you know , generally not -- they -- they wo n't make -- they 're not school sponsored readings but at the same time they 're good books that happen to have some different , you know , content to it that is considered inappropriate for some .
For some , mhm .
And it was kind of nice that -- they kind of gave us , everybody , an out that way so that if they wanted to read it , they could , they could kind of explore , they could do what they wanted to do with it --
Well , that 's more appropriate .
-- and that was nice and of course , you know , this is when I was a senior in high school and , you know , Catcher in the Rye was nothing compared to some of the other things that were out there so it was -- I really liked it , I really liked it that they did that at the time because it , you know -- at the same time once you get to that age it seems like you 're either going to think like an adult or you 're going to think like a child and , I do n't know , it just --
Well , they were books --
I have a hard time .
I 'm sorry ?
I 'm sorry .
They 're books that I would , uh , recommend are okay for a senior in high school that I would n't for a freshman .
Oh , definitely .
Oh , yeah .
I mean -- and even [several inaudible words ] get into books , it 's like there are movies and things that we [several inaudible words ] .
That was one of the things is , you know , I taught French and [several inaudible words ] that 's my first day , not to [several inaudible words ] ahead of time because a French movie is -- they just do n't go by normal readings .
European -- European movies in general have a different standard .
Oh , yeah .
They -- we lived in Europe for eleven and a half years --
