Sure .
But back in those days , um , you know , there would be times when I was contemplating changing jobs .
Uh-huh .
And I would , ah , you know , abstain from it for months , sometime a year or two years .
I mean , not that I was ever a user , a big user --
Uh-huh .
-- but maybe do it recreationally , but , ah , I would go years , you know , because I would be telling people all , you know , I 'm looking for a good job and I knew that some of the Fortune Five Hundred companies particularly --
Uh-huh .
-- with the bigger names would always have drug testing .
It was just a requirement .
In fact , on a number of the jobs that I 've held , ah , over the years , working for the police department as --
Okay .
As a nine one one operator required it .
And were you ever tested ?
Ah , yeah , we were tested .
Okay .
Yes .
Uh-huh .
Yeah , but again , you know , there are methods , ah , you know , like I know this guy who is in the car bu- business , you know , typically , um , people in sales , you know , they take some kind of drugs --
-- whether it 's alcohol or something to keep them going because they are really never off of --
Off of duty .
Right , you know , because I sold cars before myself and I know most of the people that I worked with were either very , very heavy smokers , ah , cigarettes or coffee drinkers .
Uh-huh .
Or drugs or something , and 'cause it was necessary but --
Right .
But fortunately I never did any , of course , I did n't stay in that business for six months .
Uh-huh .
But for people like truck drivers , there 's another example .
Now , you know those guys are on something .
Right .
You know , and they endanger our lives every day and every night .
Uh-huh .
Do you do a lot of travelling ?
Ah , I do n't travel a whole lot actually .
I mean , we do a lot of -- a lot of east coast , a lot of road trips type of travelling .
I have a young child so --
Oh , what age ?
She 's fourteen months .
Oh , very young .
yeah , very young
So , and , I know we took her on a plane trip last year and the airplane just killed her , you know .
She screamed for most of the plane trip .
We went to San Francisco so we 've been trying to stay off of any airplanes .
Oh .
So we have to put her on -- she 's had a -- she 's had a lot of ear problems .
Oh , yeah , and up in that plane would add to it .
Yeah , getting up on that plane just really , really did it for her so we 've been trying to just stick to the east coast .
