-- gonna say , " Oh , well , this was n't fair " .
They -- right they did n't get a fair deal , uh --
But then at the same time , I would much rather have those issues being debated openly --
Mhm .
-- than someone saying , " I do n't like this " .
Mhm .
And not knowing if the next time they get into their car if it 's gonna blow up , or --
Mhm , mhm .
You know , if their spouse is gonna turn them in for being a traitor and I think that 's -- was what a lot of the current situation --
Mhm .
-- was .
Right , and they were m - -- [inaudible ] elected general topic , " Are we ever gonna see peace in the Middle East ? "
And you 've got to look at Israel and the way they treating the Palestinians , or --
Oh , yeah .
Or , so , you know , I --
Well , and that 's --
And in a sort[ ? ] of way we 're just doing this because , you know , we 're siding with Israel and -- and so they really --
A- --
-- kinda , you know , really put down the whole Arab world and , you know , we should -- I really just personally think , " That 's their country .
We really should stay out of their politics on this --"
Well , but what --
On that issue .
What I think we need to go in right now and do with our military is to restore order --
Mhm .
Quit the looting --
Oh , q - -- okay .
I mean , I do n't want a Military Police situation , but at the same time --
I think they 're gonna have to have that to begin with .
Yeah , well --
I -- I --
I -- I have a real problem with our country having -- Museums having --
You know , pieces of history --
Being looted , right .
-- that as far as I 'm concerned , belong -- especially Egyptian pieces , belong back in Egypt .
Mhm .
You know , there are African nations that we have , historical art pieces that I think belong to those nations .
They do n't belong in our Museums .
Mhm .
But at the same time , I wanna see -- I do n't want Joe Blow out there having a piece of ancient history .
Yeah , they had a lot of pieces were like before Christ and like --
Right .
-- two[ ? ] hundred BC and things like that .
And I think those need to be retained .
Hey , I 'm all for it .
You know what ?
I have no problem with them going in and , you know , getting chairs from the palaces that their --
Mhm .
-- that were bought on their backs --
Money , mhm -- well , did --
You know .
Did you read , or did you see where a lot of the , um , Muslims had returned some of the things ?
