Yeah , everybody else has gone through already .
-- no reason to get there two hours early .
Yeah .
But , uh , I do n't know .
I wish everything could go back to the way it used to be when it was easy and we did n't have to worry about anything .
I just think it 's really ridiculous when they 're pulling people out of line for the , um , extra inspections that do n't fit profiles of terrorists .
Right , yeah .
My sister gets pulled out every single time .
She is -- she 's in her thirties , she 's a white American woman , but every single time they manage to pull her out and go through her stuff and check her and it 's like , I do n't get it , you know , but I think they 're --
I never have and -- and you really -- you have to stereotype in this situation and profile because --
Yeah .
-- terrorists all look a certain way , usually .
I mean --
Right .
-- there 's always wacko -- wacko caucasian people , but right now the people that are causing terrorism are from a certain group .
Right , yeah , but I think they 're try- --
They 're -- they 're males -- they 're males eighteen to thirty five , you know , they 're -- and they really have to profile because that 's who the terrorists are .
Right , yeah , but they 're trying so hard to show that they 're fair .
Not eighty year old caucasian women .
I know .
And when you see a little grandma being pulled out of line it 's just so ridiculous because --
Yeah , they 're not always thinking so clearly .
Although , now I was at --
Well , they 're trying to be politically correct , but --
Yeah .
-- it 's -- in this situation you ca n't be politically correct and worry about people 's feelings .
Right .
I was really surprised -- I was at the airport last week 'cause I was doing some shopping at the airport and , um , a s - -- a person from the -- the company that -- that does all the -- that runs all of the stores and stuff , had to take me through security and stay with my while I was in all of the areas , but he just -- you know , he had me following behind him , we 'd walk up to the security thing , he 'd show his badge and say , " She 's with me" , and we 'd walk on through and , you know , he stayed with me -- he had to , but had he not been , you know , a reliable person , any employee could walk someone else through the gate and just leave 'em over there .
So , you know , I do n't know .
There 's just lots of other ways to get into trouble there .
Yeah , that 's kinda scary , um , 'cause they could , you know , if they were getting paid off by a terrorist to get 'em in --
