And , ah -- anyway , that 's my opinion .
So , now --
-- what do you think ?
Well , when I went to high school , especially middle school in high school , um -- of course I 've -- you know , I 've -- I 've always loved to learn so , I -- I love taking challenging courses and I took a lot of my education seriously , but I just notice that because of the lack of , I guess , um , some of -- some of the teachers , like you said , there are some that are highly dedicated , but because of some of the lack of motivation for some of the teachers , it just ended up being like a farm house .
You know , there 'd be students that -- they -- you know , I had an -- an algebra class actually in high school and the teacher talked about baseball the whole time and so he 'd give us our assignments and then talk with like those that were on the baseball team and football team about sports all the time , which was n't necessarily bad , but it just was n't very productive for our time and --
Right .
Mhm .
So , I -- I think -- I think with the public system , I mean there 's flaws and I wish -- like I think if -- I do n't how , since they 're spending so much money on -- on , you know , anti terrorism and so forth right now --
Mm .
-- but um if they could increase maybe the payroll of some of the teachers then it would be more appealing to people out in the -- you know , in the job market to become teachers , especially when they have a talent to teach really well .
Yeah , well --
And so , I think , ah , that 's how you can improve public education a lot , is maybe by paying the teachers more , so it 's more appealing and --
But --
-- and also making it more organized .
-- but I think is they need to be worth their pay .
Right .
You know , so the criteria needs to be stricter maybe though .
Yeah , I would agree .
For the -- for them to become teachers and -- you know , because not just anybody can do it .
Uh-huh .
Um and it has to be people that are very , um , oriented with kids .
It ca n't just be , you know , someone that 's just smart .
You know what I mean ?
Right .
Someone who 's willing to -- who 's good with the kids and to get right down there , you know , and sometimes the older teachers just do n't have it , you know , th - the kids just do n't respect them .
Right .
And , ah , they have to keep that respect and -- and that 's another thing I see in public school , is that it seems like there 's so little respect for each other --
Uh-huh .
-- and for teachers and , um , you know , they 're -- they 're -- because they have to be there --
