Uh-huh , I do n't know .
Mm .
I have no clue .
Yeah .
So --
So , you --
-- but that -- that was about my only experience and -- and I sit there too and I wonder -- that 's just getting on the plane .
How much danger is there right in the airport ?
And I think maybe they should have -- I do n't like the fact that you ca n't go to see your people off any more .
Like when I took my grandson and my daughter -- they were going back to Arizona and --
Mhm .
-- you have to be there an hour or two beforehand --
Right .
-- and it would 've been nice to have been able to be down there with them until they got on the plane and seen them off and everything .
I miss that .
Oh , you -- you ca n't do that any more ?
Mm , mm , you ca n't do that any more .
Hm .
Mm , mm .
As I say we do n't -- we do n't travel as much by plane that , you know --
Yeah .
Every time we go it 's gonna be new , it seems like , you know , because ... but --
They would n't let me in and like the shops and all that are suffering .
You ca n't get in there .
But yet the people that are travelling , they go back there and I do n't -- well , yeah , I guess you are searched before you get back to that part .
Yeah .
But , um , I -- I think maybe it 's a little overboard in some areas and then other areas it 's probably a little lax .
Right , right .
Just like -- well like going in the sporting events too .
We go to like Iowa State football and , you know , there was supposedly be , you know , more security and this and that but I do n't know , you know .
I know you 're not supposed to take water in or something , you know , and you stick it in your coat and it goes in , you know .
They do n't check it that much , but ... I do n't know .
And you know there 's booze and stuff in it bec- -- people get that in there 'cause you see the bottles when you go to leave .
Yeah , exactly .
And I do n't think they have any metal detectors there .
You know , but ...
Well , do you feel safe flying ?
Huh ?
Do you feel safe flying now ?
Well , yeah , I guess , uh , probably no diff - -- not a whole lot of difference than before .
You know , it 's just that it seems to be more -- more of a hassle but I -- that 's all right , you know , as long as it 's gonna -- if it 's gonna be safer .
Yeah .
You know .
But I think -- I think they have to iron out some of the bugs and stuff as to , you know , so it does n't take so long and all that stuff .
