So , other than -- well , my daughter ice skates .
Oh , really ?
Yup .
But that 's not one of the things we talk about .
Well , that 's a sport .
I do n't know how long you can talk on this subject .
Yeah , that 's what I 'm thinking .
It 's a hard thing .
I 'm not all that opinionated frankly .
I mean , there -- there are good things about affirmative action --
[inaudible ] Do either of you think affirmative action in hiring and promotion within the business community is a good policy ?
Well , you know , I mean it -- it has its good points , but I mean everything has the potential to be abused --
Yeah , I know .
-- like with -- through all the lawsuits people have going on over -- you know , over everything .
Yeah .
I -- I agree on that one .
So , --
And there 's a lot of companies that freak because they do n't get their rates in their company .
Yeah .
If there 's a choice between a woman or a man , usually -- sometimes -- well , once in a while women will get the position but a lot of times the guy gets it because they think he 's better qualified for the position than a woman is --
Mhm .
-- or it could be because they have to take -- well , they have to give it to a minority because they have to have one minority up in that position --
Yeah .
-- and that 's not fair to the person that had the -- who had the right to it in the first place .
Yeah and I know looking for a job -- I 'm half Japanese --
Oh , you are .
-- and a woman .
So , I always thought , you know , maybe that gives me a little edge , but , you know ...
But I certainly would n't , you know , like file a lawsuit over it or something if it , you know --
Mhm .
-- it did n't , but I -- I just , you know -- so , I do n't worry about the affirmative action thing too much .
I do n't know .
No, I have never [several inaudible words ] from when I worked there , I was there and I did n't say and I told one lady one time , " I would n't say anything , because I did n't want to get myself in trouble " .
So , I never said anything .
Mhm .
She said , " If you do n't speak up , you do n't get anywhere " .
Well , I started speaking up and I got more -- more doings on my job , but when they got new hiring in my company , the company went and said , " They 'd like to have kept us on but did n't have any positions available for us " .
And the jobs that they were doing , they were hiring f - -- like I was in -- could do day care but they wanted the day care to do half day care , half front desk and I could n't do both --
