Mhm .
and that was enough to scare me .
Right .
I 've never seen a bear .
Uh-huh .
We went to Alaska on our honeymoon , um , last year and , um , we -- we took this , uh , train ride up in the middle , like the Klondyke and , um --
Oh , nice .
-- and we were -- we were on the very back car of the train and then it got all the way up and then it came back down but we did n't turn around .
So , then on the way back down we were the very front .
And , um , the -- the -- the attendant in our car said , " You know , up here " he said , " We always see bears up here " .
And so he radioed ahead , he says , " Now , I 'll order our favorite bear , sit down here and you 've got --
He 'd eaten berries along the road and stuff .
So , I 'm out here and here I am , I 'm total , total tourist , I 'm sticking -- um , I 'm outside on the deck .
There was like , you know , no walls or anything , it 's just open air .
I 'm like hanging one foot over trying to seeing the stupid bears --
-- so I could take a picture of it .
And do you think I saw that bear ?
No.
And they were like , " Oh yeah , well he was here like five -- five seconds ago , you missed him" .
Oh , too bad .
I go to Alaska , I ca n't even see a bear .
Ah , really ?
Yeah .
Yeah .
Well , yeah , I 've had my experience -- I actually have my grandparent 's tent which , when I was six in Yellowstone Park , a grizzly bear walked through it .
And so I have this tent which has these huge stitch -- stitch marks in it .
Which are grizzly bar- bear made when -- you know it went in and it could n't get out --
Oh no!
-- and so -- yeah , yeah , so -- but that was -- that 's about -- I know I 've been camping in the High Sierra actually and the same thing , it 's like late at night , it 's dark , you know you 're thirty miles from the nearest road and it 's like you know there are bears around .
Uh-huh .
And it 's like -- but , you know , not too many people suffer .
It 's pretty benign .
Ex - exactly .
My -- my dad is a real outdoorsy kind of guy and he loves Montana .
He , you know , goes hunting every -- every season and I mean he just -- he just has a ball -- ball here and it 's funny , I compare my father to -- have you ever seen the Crocodile Hunter that -- that guy that --
Yeah , the Crocodile Dundee guy ?
No. The , um , his name 's Steve , he 's -- he 's Australian but , um , he 's the guy that you always see like sticking his head in an alligator or something and , I mean , just totally --
