Well , I -- I do n't really think that there should be -- that there does n't really have to be a choice .
I mean , I think that you can allow both in the curriculum .
I think what the question is saying , though , is that , um , if there is a book , you know , say -- say Of Mice And Men , which was a banned book , um , and you know , I have some --
But there was reas - there was a reason for banning that book .
Right .
It -- it 's
I 'm sorry , what did you say ?
It 's kind of hard to explain .
I 'm a black American .
Mhm .
And it just went against so many beliefs that we had , it really did .
Um --
Right .
It brought too much controversy into the system .
Those types of books .
Right .
But sometimes controversy is good .
I mean , a lot of times if , you know , if everybody 's secure in their thinking and , um , you know , nothing ever challenges their belief systems --
-- then there will be no change .
And , I mean , you might think that change is not good , but , I mean , especially being a black American .
What if , you know , like , say the American south , say , um , you know , we banned Huckleberry Finn , so there 'd be a lot less literature saying that , you know , black people should be given their rights .
Would you be in favor of , you know , keeping the status quo and not , you know , introducing any change ?
Sometimes change is good , sometimes change is necessary .
Well , correct , sometimes change is good but it 's got to be gradually brought in .
Right , right , I agree , but I just think that , um , controversy is something that -- that 's needed otherwise we 're going to settle into our narrow way of thinking and that -- that 'll just breed ignorance .
But in school , too much controversy is disruptive .
I think --
But it --
-- we do n't have enough control in the schools as it is now .
But it 's kind of hard to determine how much is too much controversy .
You know what I 'm saying ?
Like , who -- who is to determine ?
I think it 's just a -- it 's a value judgment , you know ?
Um --
Well , that 's what the private schools do , they determine it and it --
Right , exactly .
I think that private schools are well within their jurisdiction of doing that , but for public schools , um , I really -- I -- I 'm just not so sure how that could be regulated , you know , across the nation .
In D.C. um , they 've got this program where you can choose to let your child go to public or private school and th - it could be funded by the government , and a lot of people are choosing the private sector because of that , because they feel that , um , the children are -- are getting vast more information from the private sec- um , private sector .
