-- and , uh , that 's why I kind of -- and they never did catch the guy .
Never even caught him .
No, but two of the prime suspects committed suicide .
Oh , wow .
But they will get him in the end .
Yeah .
That 's scary .
If not here , up -- up above .
Yeah .
Well , you know , I know a -- a lot of people like to see this , maybe they 're not family --
Yeah .
Just , you know , some way associated with it but ca n't be there , would like to see it , you know , televised on TV , you know .
Yeah .
And that may be -- maybe they should have certain closed circuit , you know , where if you go through --
That 's right .
-- a certain process , you can watch it .
But another thing is they show that on just a regular channel .
I know here we 've got a -- a channel where you can always go and watch some kind of trial .
And my children could turn to that , you know .
Yeah .
I have two young children that flip through the cartoons all the time .
How old are they ?
And at any point they could stop and , you know , hear 'em talking about murder and sex and rape and crime and ...
How old are your kids ?
They are two and a half and six .
Oh , the good age .
I do n't know .
I think every age has its perks , but ...
Yeah .
They all have their downs , too .
Okay .
No, they -- they are at a really good age , but they are at an age where they ask a lot of questions and they 're --
Yes , that 's right .
-- very observant as to what 's going on .
You know , especially , like , all the war that 's going on right now .
I think they televise way too much , you know .
Mhm .
Let us know what 's going on .
Let us be aware and prepared for what we need to be , but do n't show us every single thing about every person that 's been killed , and it causes a lot of depression for people and stuff .
They -- they -- they really should be a lot -- a lot more censored in a lot of things .
Not just trials , but war and criminal on the news .
Yeah , the war .
I hope this -- you know , talking about war , I hope that they get Saddam this time and end this one over in Iraq .
Oh , yes .
I --
Not have another one like we did twelve years ago .
Yeah .
I was in junior high --
Yeah .
-- when that happened , and I remember it plain and I -- and now that I 'm old enough to understand and realize I said , " Why did n't they get him the first time ? "
