Yeah , and the other thing that I was a little worried about is , like , we went into this war without any sanctions or -- or any support whatsoever except for -- for Britain .
Right .
And -- and we did what we wanted to .
Do you think , like , the other countries like France and Russia and Germany , they 're -- there 's gonna somehow keep this in their heads later on and -- and either unite against us or just have this fear of us for the rest of , I do n't know , however the United Nations long they may last ?
Well , I think that now we tend to kind of think well why are we even a member of the United Nations if they 're not gonna ever back us up or help us , you know , they were so against it .
Yeah .
I do n't know .
Then on the other hand you think well maybe we should have waited longer and listened more to what they had to say because they obviously did n't think that there was enough reason to go forward with the war .
Right .
So we went to war without their approval .
Right .
Did -- I do n't know how , as far as it works , getting the -- the support of the general people in America , does he have to -- -- he has to -- did he go to war even without support of Congress ?
Oh , I think that they were behind him , I 'm not sure though .
Right .
Because I did n't really start paying that much attention until we were actually at war because I just thought , " Oh , they 're just talking about it but we wo n't really do it " .
That 's what I kept thinking .
Yeah .
Then I was kinda surprised when we did start , you know .
I just feel that , like , a lot of -- we have -- we can -- we can go ahead and -- and run into any country that we feel is a threat , like , um , Afghanistan or -- or Iraq and -- and pull the strings however we want , whether it 's , like , covertly or whether we declare an all right -- all out war , and I think that we 're just -- we 're just gaining so many enemies from doing this , not acting diplomatically and just thinking that because we are a world power we can -- we can do whatever we want .
Right .
Yeah , I agree with that .
Well , now they 've been talking about Syria , that maybe we would end up going into Syria because they think --
Really ?
-- that they might be harboring some of those people that we 're after , you know , that escaped from Iraq , that they might be hiding out in Syria and if they they 're protecting them then we -- then , you know , then what will we do , and --
Wow .
And it could get to be another mess .
