I turned mine in I gave it up , I did n't use it .
Yeah , I need mine for the kids , you know .
See , yeah , I think that 's the difference in our focuses .
Yeah .
I think that 's it right there .
Because of the kids , right .
Oh .
And you 're probably younger than I am .
I do n't know .
Well , I 'm -- I 'm in my fifties .
Yeah , I 'm in my thirties .
So , there 's -- there 's a different focus right there .
Yeah , that 's right .
Um --
And --
I -- I 'll tell ya I had a , um -- my -- my first cousin and his son both worked at the World Trade Center .
Oh my gosh !
And , uh , that day it was all I could do to keep from calling my aunt to find out what was going on with them .
They were n't -- tell me they were n't there .
Well , I cal- -- I finally -- I got to six o'clock in the afternoon and then I just had to call 'cause nobody called me and I had to know .
Come to find out my cousin had -- his office had move , uh , I think , six months prior to that and was no longer in the World Trade Center --
Good .
-- and his son worked on the eighty fourth floor , do n't ask me which Tower I do n't know , um , had a day off that day .
Wow , that -- you 're family was lucky .
Oh , very lucky .
Yeah .
Very , very lucky .
That kid got himself a new birthday as far as I 'm concerned and it 's September eleventh .
Yeah .
Right .
Um , but , you know , that 's how close it got to us .
Yeah , that 's very close .
And I still -- I still do n't think that we 've done big changes in -- in anything that we do .
Oh .
There 's things that I would never had done -- I do n't think even before September eleventh I would have been too infatuated with a trip to , uh , Egypt or Israel , you know , or --
Yeah .
-- [inaudible ] world I -- I --
Yeah , well , you know , we 're not in a position where we could take those trips right now but --
Well , I -- my premise was if somebody gave it to me I would n't take it .
Yeah , that 's how -- mine too .
If somebody gave it to me I would n't take it now .
I probably would have then maybe though .
Really ?
Yeah .
Now , see that 's -- that 's -- we 're different again .
I would have gone to Israel then but --
Uh , they 're -- they 're places I 'd love to see but they 're not top on my list , you know .
Yeah , yeah .
But I do n't think that has anything to do with September eleventh .
Um , fascinating , is n't it ?
What do your kids say ?
