Cox News Service GIBSONBURG , Ohio -- Two-year-old Benny is a "tuxedo "
cat -- all black except for a dazzling white shirt
front , spotless gloves and immaculate spats .
A fine figure of
a fellow even though he has become a bit portly
since kittenhood .
coercing treats from his human , Benny 's dress clothes require frequent alterations .
Coat buttons must be moved and trousers let out to
keep up with his expanding waistline .
Long ago we sewed
elastic to the back of his cummerbund .
Surely his feet are number nines -- just like Clementine 's , but
Benny refuses to wear socks or the de rigueur opera
pumps .
No catnip mouse has ever been gutted by a
house cat in patent leather shoes , he reminds me .
But
we do trim his nails every couple of weeks .
If Benny is sensitive about his rather shapeless silhouette , he seldom
mentions it .
On numerous occasions though , I have found it
necessary to chastise his brother , Smuts , who has a tendency
to pounce from high places onto his more ponderous brother 's
sturdy back , grab a mouthful of skin and roll him
around on the floor .
This offends Benny 's dignity .
Visitors are encouraged not to remark on Benny 's girth .
He 's particularly
hates it when my son refers to him as " Meatloaf "
-- even though the resemblance is alarming .
Young Benito -- that 's his full name after Benito Mussolini , not
because I 'm a fan but because he somehow resembles the
rather flat-faced fascist dictator who had difficulty deciding whose side
he was on in WWII and ultimately ended up in
1945 hanging by his heels in the Piazzale Loreto in
Milan .
Relaxation is my young Benito 's special gift .
Right now he 's curled
up on a quilt atop the radiator in my office ,
soaking up sunbeams .
He 's also snoring and that worries me ;
what if his weight has led to sleep apnea and
he needs to be wearing a breathing apparatus when he
naps ?
Folks often ask how much pudgy kitty weighs and I admit
quite truthfully , that I do n't know -- for a couple
of good reasons .
He wo n't stand still on the scales
because they wobble and I 'm not about to weigh the
two of us and calculate our individual weights until April
when I 've shed my winter blubber .
Size has little to do with Benny 's loving personality -- he 's
a bit shy with strangers but eventually ends up in
their laps purring for a massage .
He particularly enjoys tummy
rubs .
Apparently Benny knows I 'm writing about him because he has just
climbed onto my lap and stretched his plumpness across my
arms leaving me nothing to work with except wrists and
fingers .
He 's purring like an ancient thrashing machine as I
struggle for the keys .
Benny 's a true sweetheart -- a lover rather than a holy
terror .
Where his brother Smutsy races -- Benny glides .
Smuts
leaps -- Benny climbs .
Benny 's self-assured strolls through the house demonstrate grace and composure and
if he danced , I 'm sure his light step would delight
even Eleonora the magnificent Duse .
My boy Benny is living proof of poet and playwright Rosalie
Moore 's truism : " Cats sleep fat and walk thin . "
Elizabeth Schuett writes for Cox News Service .
Mail : 320 West Madison ,
Gibsonburg , OH 43431 or e-mail : eschuett@woh .rr.com
