Over the past two decades , out-of-state companies have become the dominant
source of mortgage loans for Massachusetts home buyers , eclipsing local
banks and helping to usher in an array of exotic
and often risky mortgage loans , according to a study released
Monday .
The Massachusetts Community &amp; Banking Council , a group of nonprofit housing
agencies and lenders , reported that independent mortgage companies and out-of-state
banking companies made 78 percent of 2004 home loans in
Boston .
In contrast , banks and credit unions with branches in
Massachusetts made just 22 percent of mortgages .
That is a
flip-flop from 1990 , when Massachusetts banks had 78 percent of
the market .
A similar pattern developed statewide : Out-of-state lenders made 74 percent of
mortgages in 2004 , the study found .
Refinancing loans were excluded .
" There 's been this dramatic transformation of the mortgage industry , " said James
Campen , emeritus professor of economics and research associate for the
Mauricio Gaston Institute at the University of Massachusetts at Boston ,
who prepared the study .
" There used to be four big Boston banks .
Now they 've all
turned into one big Boston bank , and each of those
mergers resulted in less local lending , " he said .
Bank of
America Corp. , which acquired FleetBoston Financial in 2004 , is considered
a local bank in the study .
In Massachusetts , the rise of out-of-state lenders was fueled by soaring
real estate prices , said William Apgar , senior scholar at the
Joint Center for Housing Studies at Harvard University .
Not subject
to federal community banking laws when operating in Massachusetts , the
out-of-state lenders took the lead in developing and aggressively marketing
exotic loans that made it easier for middle-class and working
people to buy a home , he said .
Since 1995 , one-fourth of the growth in market share captured by
out-of-state financial companies has been in the " subprime " market , the
study found .
Subprime lenders charge an above-market interest rate and
higher fees to compensate for the risk of lending to
customers with lower credit scores than so-called "prime " customers with
good credit .
Some buyers , Apgar said , will do "anything you could do to
get something off the monthly payment .
People are often placing
trust in institutions and not understanding the loans they 're dealing
with . "
Kevin Cuff , president of the Massachusetts Mortgage Bankers Association , said the
shift has created new products that benefit consumers by giving
them options .
" Does every product work for every person ?
It
does n't , " Cuff said .
" But if some did n't have access to
a variety of lending programs , their alternative might be that
they go into foreclosure or they do n't get the loan
to begin with . "
The state 's predatory lending law applies to both banks and mortgage
companies , he said .
Changes in mortgage lending are playing out nationwide .
As large US
banks merged , aggressive out-of-state mortgage companies rushed in and filled
the void , often offering home buyers more competitive interest rates
or more appealing loans .
Other factors were technological advances and
the rise of the mortgage investment market .
It was no
longer necessary for a local banker to underwrite mortgages in
the community - a South Carolina broker could arrange a
loan for a Massachusetts homeowner and place it with a
Florida financial company , which then sold the loan to an
investor .
The study defined an "in-state " bank as one with branches in
Massachusetts , including North Carolina-based Bank of America and Pennsylvania-based Sovereign
Bank .
They are more heavily regulated than independent mortgage companies ,
out-of-state banking companies , and nonbank subsidiaries when making mortgages in
Massachusetts .
Specifically , nine of the state 's top lenders , including Countrywide
Financial and Wells Fargo , are not subject to the federal
Community Reinvestment Act , which bars banks from discriminating in lending
in surrounding communities , the study found .
" The big out-of-state prime lenders do n't compete aggressively for minority and
low-income borrowers , " Campen said .
" On the other hand , subprime lenders
target minorities with their higher-cost products , " he said .
Kimberly Blanton can be reached at blantonglobe .com .
