Disgusted with the nonstop money chase , numerous legislators over the last
decade have championed a public financing law for state campaigns .
All have failed .
The latest effort , AB 583 by Assemblywoman
Loni Hancock , a Berkeley Democrat , is not expected to succeed ,
either .
But recent events in Washington and Sacramento have given the measure ,
considered near death just days ago , a pulse , a faint
one to be sure , but still some sign of life .
In Washington , superlobbyist Jack Abramoff pleaded guilty in an unfolding political
corruption probe that threatens to bring down several members of
Congress .
His plea comes just weeks after Rep. Randy Cunningham ,
the San Diego Republican , resigned after confessing to taking bribes
from a defense contractor .
In Sacramento , the fundraising orgy that fueled the governor 's disastrous special
election alarmed even the most cynical veterans of the state
political scene .
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger once famously declared that in
Sacramento "money goes in and favors go out ."
He won
his office on a promise to change that political culture ,
but has shown himself to be as relentless a fundraiser
as the much-maligned Gov. Gray Davis .
Even the special interests
who bankroll California 's never-ending campaigns -- the corporations and labor
unions -- are beginning to suffer from donor fatigue and
beginning to balk .
Hancock thinks those developments give her an opening .
Her bill , a
near duplicate of campaign financing laws enacted in Arizona and
Maine , is part of a national clean-money campaign .
The bill
would give candidates for the Legislature , governor and other statewide
offices public funds to conduct their campaigns if they agree
to collect a specified number of $ 5 contributions from eligible
voters in their districts and nothing more .
Qualifying candidates for the Assembly would get threshold amounts of $ 100,000
for primaries and $ 150,000 for general elections ; candidates for the
Senate $ 200,000 and $ 300,000 ; gubernatorial candidates $ 6 million and $ 10
million .
If their opponents financed their campaigns with larger private
donations or independent expenditures , publicly financed candidates could qualify for
more money .
This bill represents a radical departure from the way campaigns are
funded today .
Hancock estimates public financing in California would cost
$ 70 million a year , but her measure does n't say where
the money would come from .
To do so too early
in the process , she candidly admits , would mean certain defeat .
Thus , in its current form , AB 583 does not deserve
to become law .
Still , the Assembly Committee on Elections and
Redistricting should approve it to keep the conversation alive .
Increasingly , citizens think their democracy is being sold to the highest
special-interest bidder .
Candidates and donors alike are sick of the
money chase .
A campaign finance system that could provide credible
candidates with clean sources of money , campaign funds not linked
to powerful interests seeking legislative favors , is , at the very
least , worth talking about .
Hancock 's bill is a fine conversation
starter .
Sacramento Bee editorial
