Regardless of what you thought about Bill Belichick 's bush league decision
to let Doug Flutie dropkick an extra point in the
meaningless (yes , we can say that after the way Belichick
approached the game ) season finale , the whispers that Belichick might
have discussed the possibility with Dolphins coach Nick Saban before
the game seem ludicrous .
If Saban knew it was coming , why did n't he tell his
team to ( A ) avoid burning a timeout because they were
confused as to what was happening and ( B ) rush the
heck out of Flutie when he dropped back ?
If the
coaches did have such a discussion , is that not collusion
if Saban went along with it and left his team
in the dark ?
" We could n't figure out what was going on , " said Saban .
" They 've
got a quarterback in , four tight ends , and a receiver
- I might be off by one on that -
and there was no kicker .
I thought they were going
to run some kind of quarterback sweep or go for
2.
" I 'm kind of pleased to know someone can still dropkick .
When
I was a kid , we all practiced that .
I thought
it was a lost art . "
Belichick is free to do what he wants in any game
- including tank one if he feels it 's better for
his team 's playoff chances - but in the future he
can spare us all the speeches about how he plays
every game the same and every game is as important
as any other game and so on , because the only
thing he did n't do after Matt Cassel air-mailed that 2-point
conversion pass was high-five him for it .
This is where credibility comes in with Belichick .
Losing to the
Dolphins to face a team with a quarterback problem and
three starting defensive players hurting rather than face the high-flying
Steelers in the first round is fine .
The Bengals certainly
appeared to be doing something similar .
But why insult people 's intelligence with the "importance " of the game
if you 're going to send Flutie out to dropkick an
extra point ?
If it was such a historic moment for
football to have Flutie become the first guy since 1941
to dropkick , why not try it in the playoffs and
make it a real feat ?
