Inside , scores of reporters and photographers vied to document every moment .
With a single hand gesture , senators provoked a cascade of
camera clicks .
With both Republican and Democratic senators saying they will make up
their minds after the confirmation hearings , Alito 's testimony over the
next several days could prove decisive .
Calling the hearings a "public conversation with Judge Alito , " Sen. Patrick
J.
Leahy , D-Vt. , said : " The stakes for the American people
could not be higher . "
No Democrats have said they will oppose Alito .
But scores of
liberal advocacy groups have come out against Alito 's candidacy charging
that he is a conservative who is far outside the
mainstream and would "roll back the clock " on civil rights .
Several senators on Monday said they were concerned about his legal
views .
Kennedy said , Alito 's "record troubles me deeply . "
And Sen. Herb Kohl , D-Wis. , -- one of just three Democrats
on the panel who voted for Roberts ' confirmation --said the
Senate " should not approve any nominee whose extreme judicial philosophy
would undermine rights and liberties relied upon by all Americans . "
Feingold , who also backed Roberts , said it was up to Alito
to prove he was fit for the high court .
" The burden is actually on the nominee to demonstrate that he
should be confirmed , " Feingold said .
Sen.
Charles E. Schumer , D-N.Y. , said that replacing O'Connor , a moderate
swing vote , with Alito could tip the balance of the
court on controversial issues .
" While Sandra Day O'Connor has been
at the fulcrum of the court , you appear poised to
add weight to one side , " Schumer said to the nominee .
In recent cases involving a variety of hot-button social issues --
including religious freedom , abortion and the environment -- O'Connor frequently
provided the decisive vote .
" Because you replace Sandra Day O'Connor , and because she was the
fifth vote on 148 cases , you well could be a
very key and decisive vote , " Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-Calif. , said
to the nominee .
" We have a lot to learn about
what your views are -- your legal reasoning -- and
how you would apply that legal reasoning . "
Specter pleaded with his colleagues to remain open minded .
" Let 's give this fellow a chance before we run him out
of town on a rail , " Specter said .
" A number of
the opening statements sounded more like indictments . . .
What we heard today were long statements of charges against
him . "
During his time on the federal court of appeals , Alito has
participated in thousands of cases and written hundreds of opinions .
Depending on what cases are highlighted , Specter said , Alito can
be portrayed as either " a flaming liberal " or " an arch
conservative . "
Feinstein and several other committee members signaled that for them , a
central issue will be how Alito would rule on issues
involving abortion .
They are eager to grill Alito about his
views on the issue , in light of comments he made
about abortion as a Reagan administration lawyer .
In a 1985
job application , Alito said he was proud of his work
