The version of the Carolina Panthers that
played Sunday bore zero resemblance to the one that was
run over by the Cowboys in a loss Dec. 24 .
" Cowboys ?
We have amnesia about that game , " Panthers linebacker Dan Morgan
said .
" We 're not the same team . "
Instead , the Panthers that played Sunday bore a striking resemblance to
their Super Bowl team two seasons ago .
The Panthers dismantled and statistically annihilated the Giants , winning 23-0 in
the first round of the NFC playoffs .
And with nary
a dominant team in the NFC this postseason , the Panthers
made a case to be a dark horse to go
back to the Super Bowl .
The last time a road playoff team won via a shutout
came Jan . 16 , 1980 , when the Los Angeles Rams blanked
the Tampa Bay Buccaneers 9-0 to reach the Super Bowl .
" It 's nice , but it was 25 years ago , " Panthers defensive end
Mike Rucker said .
" That 's not going to beat Chicago . "
The Panthers might .
They will play the Bears in the
NFC Divisional round at 3:30 p.m. Sunday in Chicago .
Should
the Panthers play as well as they did Sunday , the
Bears , or Seahawks or Redskins , will have a hard time
winning .
Despite the Panthers ' 11-5 regular-season record , they came into the playoffs
as the fifth seed in the NFC.
They are without
the sexy NFL names such as Barber , Manning , Shockey and
Burress .
The Panthers ' quarterback has a bowl haircut .
Their top receiver is
known more for his touchdown dances than his great season .
Their starting running back has never rushed for a 1,000
yards in a season .
Playing in Charlotte , they 're just the Panthers .
Usually , it takes winning
in the playoffs for people to pay attention .
But after
what they did to the Giants in Giants Stadium , they 're
hard to miss .
" We want to get our just due , " Panthers receiver Steve Smith
said .
Done .
A defense that two weeks ago allowed Cowboys running back Julius
Jones to rush for 194 yards and two touchdowns held
the Giants to 132 , total .
Giants running back Tiki Barber
was even out performed by Panthers backup running back Nick
Goings , who began the season third on the team 's depth
chart .
Goings rushed for 63 yards , while Barber was held
to 41 yards on 13 carries .
" Our team played as well as we have all season , at
the right time , " said Panthers coach John Fox , who used
to be the Giants ' defensive coordinator .
Panthers r unning back DeShaun Foster gained a team-playoff record 151
yards on 27 carries .
Smith danced twice in the end
zone , and caught 10 passes for 84 yards .
And all of those sexy Giants names -- quarterback Eli Manning ,
wide receiver Plaxico Burress , Barber and tight end Jeremy Shockey
-- collectively combined for nothing .
Manning was sacked four times ,
lost one fumble and threw three interceptions , two by Panthers
defensive back Marlon McCree .
Burress did n't catch a pass .
And
Barber had his worst game of the season .
" They kind of had us dissected , " Barber said .
Giants offensive tackle Luke Petitgout was more blunt .
" We got dominated , on both sides of the ball , " said Petitgout .
The Giants ' offense was on the field for only 17 minutes ,
15 seconds Sunday .
What the Panthers did to the Giants on Sunday looked not
too much different from what they did to the Rams
or the Philadelphia Eagles in the '03 playoffs .
The Panthers
were on the road in both of those games .
Underdogs
both games .
And won both games .
" It 's hard to say if we 're similar because we 're two totally
different teams , " Panthers quarterback Jake Delhomme said .
" If we can
run the ball effectively , then I think we become like
that team . "
