to provide balance and a check on government intrusion into
our personal privacy and freedoms . "
Alito got a far friendlier reception from Republicans .
Senator Jon Kyl ,
Republican of Arizona , pledged to come to Alito 's defense if
Democrats badger him to answer questions that would force him
to effectively pre-judge cases .
Senator Lindsey O. Graham , a South Carolina Republican , mocked the notion
of liberal senators like Kennedy deciding if Alito is a
"mainstream conservative . "
" If you asked me who a mainstream liberal is , I would
be the worst person to pick , because I do not
hang out over there , " Graham said .
Of the Judiciary Committee
Republicans , Graham said , " I expect that most all of us ,
if not all of us , will vote for you .
And
I would argue that we represent from the center line
to the right ditch in our party , and , if all
of us vote for you , you 've got to be pretty
mainstream . "
Judiciary Committee Chairman Arlen Specter ,perhaps the only Republican on the panel
whose vote is uncertain , signaled that he will give Alito
ample opportunity to explain his position on abortion .
Specter , who
supports abortion rights , will quiz Alito closely on Roe v.
Wade when questioning begins Tuesday morning .
Specter noted that interest groups have often been wrong about how
Supreme Court nominees would vote on abortion rights cases , noting
that influential liberal organizations fought Justice David Souter 's nomination in
1990 .
Since his confirmation , Souter has become a reliable vote
in favor of abortion rights .
In fact , Specter said , if Alito is confirmed he may not
tip the political balance on the court , since Roberts , the
new chief justice , has stressed the importance of stability in
judicial opinions , and since he could wind up replacing O'Connor 's
as a potential moderate on the court .
" The history of this issue [of abortion ] has been one full
of surprises , " said Specter , a Pennsylvania Republican .
" This hearing will give Judge Alito the public forum to address
the issue , as he has with senators in private meetings ,
that his personal views and prior advocacy will not determine
his judicial decision , " Specter added .
But even if Alito gains Specter 's support , Democrats on the committee
appear poised to vote against him in larger numbers than
during Roberts ' confirmation .
Leahy and the two other Democrats on
the panel who supported Roberts -- Wisconsin senators Russell Feingold
and Herb Kohl - discussed Alito 's record with skepticism .
Feingold said he wants a better explanation of Alito 's decision as
an appeals judge to hear cases involving the Vanguard investment
firm .
Alito had promised to recuse himself from such cases ,
because he had a financial stake in the company .
" In these days of corruption investigations and indictments in Washington , we
also need judges who are beyond ethical reproach , " Feingold said .
" Before we grant lifetime tenure to federal judges , and particularly
justices of the Supreme Court , we must make sure that
they have the highest ethical standards "
Though no Democrats raised the prospect of a filibuster Monday , the
possibility they might use one to stop Alito 's nomination when
