You can scroll through them quickly with your mouse 's wheel .
Those folks with a lot of media files may be attracted
to Windows Vista .
The new version of Windows Media Player
has been overhauled to improve its performance when managing lots
of music files .
Folks with thousands of songs know the agony of trying to
scroll through the Media Player library .
This has been greatly
improved , to the point that Microsoft has added the ability
to display album art with each song .
If art is
not attached to a song or album , you can tell
Vista to fetch it and associate it with a song .
Microsoft also has improved the photo viewer in Vista , giving it
the ability to crop and edit photos -- but always
keeping a copy of the original .
No matter how many
times you tweak and fiddle with a photo , the original
will still be available to you .
I suspect that one of the biggest lures will be Vista 's
new look .
It has transparent borders , neat window opening-and-closing effects ,
and more of a 3-D design -- though this will
only work if you have a video card that will
support it .
Those who do not will see a desktop
closer to Windows XP 's 2-D design .
It also is more customizable .
You can resize icons in folders
at will , for example , and change the color of title
bars .
But given Microsoft 's issues with spyware , viruses and flaws , I suspect
that its security features will draw the most notice .
It will be much more difficult in Vista for spyware to
take over your system , as it can now in Windows
XP.
Windows Vista will require users to enter an administrator
password to access certain features , similar to the way the
Mac OS X does now .
Microsoft Antispyware , the free beta tool now available at www.microsoft.com/antispyware , is
built into Vista as Windows Defender .
Buried deep within it
are advanced features that allow technically savvy users to get
lots of information about what programs are talking to the
Internet or are set up to launch at startup .
And
when you install Vista on an existing system , it will
scan for spyware and remove it before the process goes
forward .
Vista also has built-in parental controls that make it very easy
to restrict what children can do on a computer , and
when .
Assigning allowable hours for computer use is as easy
as dragging a mouse across a time grid .
Vista also
can read the Entertainment Software Ratings Board rating on a
game and restrict usage to specific ratings .
It 's nice having these features built in to the operating system ,
but compelling ?
Not to me .
Many of them -- such
as desktop search , spyware protection , photo editing , music file organizing
-- are already available from other Windows programs , many of
them free and more powerful than what Vista offers .
Based on using the early beta , the overall experience is positive .
But when I switch back to using Windows XP , I
find I do n't miss using Vista .
