numerous e-mails and comments he receives from " the Grammartarians out
there " every time he uses the word "irregardless . "
" People ... it 's not that big a deal , " he wrote .
" Who
cares if the word irregardless is an actual word or
not .
... Has n't anyone ever heard of poetic license ? "
But if good grammar is chic , high school students have yet
to catch the wave , says Jennifer Makol , an English instructor
at Christian Brothers High School .
" You could have fooled me , " she says .
" It may be just
a byproduct of teaching writing and teaching grammar , but I
ca n't have conversations with people without hearing their grammar mistakes . "
Makol constantly corrects students who ask her to " send that book
to Joe and I . " ( It should be , " Send that book
to Joe and me . " )
And she decries her students ' failure
to enter the "foreign territory " of commas .
" If grammar is trendy , " she says , "people are missing it . "
Test yourself
Find the mistakes in the following sentences .
1 .
While walking down the hall , her coffee spilled all over
the linoleum .
2.
Martha made some homemade soup and sandwiche 's .
3.
Although it was hard to find , he delivered the package
to the Smith 's house .
4 .
Its up to Laura and I to choose the next
book for our club .
5 .
If I could remember my PIN number , I can get
some cash from the ATM machine .
6 .
His very unique comedy routine had us literally rolling in
the aisles .
Here is how a copy editor would fix the sentences in
the grammar test :
1 .
While walking down the hall , she spilled her coffee all
over the linoleum .
Otherwise , it sounds as if the coffee was walking .
2.
Martha made some soup and sandwiches .
In this case , "homemade " is redundant , and the apostrophe in a
plural noun is wrong , wrong , wrong .
3.
He delivered the package to the Smiths ' house , although it
was hard to find .
Put an apostrophe after the " s " for more than one Smith ,
please .
We 're assuming that the house was hard to find ,
and this construction makes that clearer , but if the package
was the hard-to-find item , a different rewrite would be required .
4 .
It 's up to Laura and me to choose the next
book for our club .
An apostrophe is required for the contraction of "it is . " " Me "
is needed because in this case , it 's the object of
a preposition .
" I" used properly : " Laura and I get to
choose the next book . "
5 .
If I could remember my PIN , I could get some
cash from the ATM.
Both " PIN " and " ATM" include the noun in the acronym , so
saying "number " and "machine " is redundant .
And " could " requires a
second " could , " but the sentence could be rewritten with " can "
and " can . "
6 .
His unique comedy routine had us rolling in the aisles .
Something is either "unique " or it is n't -- it ca n't be
qualified .
And it would be a unique comedy club indeed
if audience members "literally " rolled in the aisles .
Commonly confused words
