Cox News Service ATLANTA -- By the time Merck &amp; Co.
withdrew its Vioxx pain relief drug from the market in
2004 , more than 100 million prescriptions had been filled in
the United States .
Researchers now estimate that Vioxx may have
been associated with up to 25,000 heart attacks and strokes
when evidence of the drug 's risks were available as early
as 2000 .
So why did so many doctors keep prescribing
it ?
The answer , says Harvard Business Review ( January ) , involves the
phenomenon of "bounded awareness " -- when " cognitive blinders prevent a
person from seeing , seeking , using or sharing highly relevant , easily
accessible and readily perceivable information during the decision-making process . "
patients , says HBR. " So , despite having access to information about the
risks , physicians may have been blinded to the actual extent
of the risks , " says HBR in a special edition on
decision-making in business and the professions .
Though collecting too much
information for every decision would waste an executive 's time and
other resources , the HBR article says " the key is being
mindful " of risks .
Managers must rely on others for information ,
" but they must be skeptical of the absence of contradictory
evidence .
It 's a red flag . "
Insurance forecast again stormy
Just when anxious Gulf Coast residents , climate experts and harried insurance
executives might like to settle down for a winter rest ,
the first forecasts for the 2006 storm season are in
-- and they look mighty familiar , says BusinessWeek ( Jan .
16 ) .
Andrew Castaldi , head of catastrophe and perils at Swiss Re ,
puts it this way : " This year 's theme : Get used to
it . "
Meanwhile , new sources of information are helping to advance the frontiers
of hurricane theory .
Getting a bead on approaching storm seasons
is critical to insurers , which can then adjust their rates ,
capital reserves and decisions about what to insure based on
the forecasts for the coming year .
The new tools wo n't
prevent catastrophic losses , says the magazine , but they put companies
in a stronger position to prepare for them .
As Net grows , so does fragility
The Internet has brought e-commerce , e-mail and sources of information to
almost a billion people .
Some businesses , such as banking , rely
on it more and more .
But Technology Review ( January ) says
" the Internet is broken . "
The Net 's fundamental flaws have resulted
in diminished security and a decreased ability to accommodate new
technology , the magazine says .
Internet applications proliferated over the years , adding wireless devices and peer-to-peer
file sharing thanks to "ingenious and expedient patches , plugs and
workarounds . "
The result , says the magazine , is that " the originally
simple communications technology has become a complex and convoluted affair
[that is ] also difficult to manage and more fragile with
each passing day . "
A look at guilty pleasures
What do Sotheby 's , Ferrari , Four Seasons , Cartier and Chateau Mouton Rothschild
have in common -- other than you ca n't afford them ?
They 're among the "modern luxury world 's most exclusive brands , " the
Robb Report ( January ) says in a special 30th anniversary edition .
Attitudes about luxury have changed over the years , the magazine
reports .
" The high priests of culture have professed their disdain
for luxury . "
Admittedly , we could get by without luxuries , the
Robb Report admits , " but we would not have as much
fun . "
Tom Walker writes for the Atlanta Journal-Constitution . E-mail : twalker AT ajc.com
