where are you going to focus ?
It 's a little difficult ;
you want to always be faithful to the entire sweep
of the book , but more and more the focus came
to be on Jo March .
She 's such a fascinating character . "
When writing , Knee says , he researched the period and read Alcott 's
diaries .
" I read about Alcott 's life , and there are wonderful ,
amazing similarities between [her and Jo] , " he says .
" That 's what
felt good in working on it ; you 're not only writing
about a fictional character , but a real one . "
In many ways , Jo is a stand-in for Alcott , a breadwinner
who wrote her family out of poverty .
" It 's a classic American novel , a classic American heroine , " Howland says .
" I believe in the Horatio Alger story of individuals pulling
themselves up by their bootstraps and succeeding against great obstacles .
That idea is also reflected in the canon of American
musical theater , of individuals struggling and succeeding . "
Howland looked to the strong character of Alcott to build the
score .
" Louisa May Alcott was an incredibly potent force in her time , "
he says - the first woman to register to vote
in Concord and a powerful figure in her community .
" In
writing her novel she made choices about what to reveal
of herself and her view of the world .
Much of
Alcott 's life was reflected in what she had Jo March
endure in the novel . "
In creating the music , he says , " I wanted to have a
sound that matured from her youthful bravado to the maturity
of a young woman who has suffered loss and yet
found strength and success . "
He also says he wanted the score to be accessible to
a contemporary audience , not " a throwback . "
That means no Stephen Foster-sounding music , no similarities to the folky ,
mournful soundtrack of the PBS documentary series " The Civil War . "
Only one song nods to the period , " Off to Massachusetts , "
a drawing-room-style piano ditty , Howland says .
But neither did he want an over-the-top Andrew Lloyd Webber sound .
" I saw it as an opportunity to pay homage to
the great musical writers I grew up with and fed
off of , like Richard Rodgers , Stephen Sondheim , and Leonard Bernstein , "
he says .
Finally , says Howland , he and the others worked to avoid sentimentality .
" I think the empathy and compassion you feel for the
family and from them is vital to the health of
the show , " he says .
" There is room for something that
is honest and pure without being sentimental and nostalgic . "
For example , he notes , in the novel Beth dies in her
bed .
In the musical , the information that Beth is dying
is conveyed in a scene between her and Jo on
the beach .
It 's the last time the audience sees Beth
alive .
" We do n't do the bed scene because it felt like the
wrong choice to have a death scene in the play , "
he says .
" We thought it was far more important to
capture a moment of great joy , even as Beth said
to Jo , ' This is what 's going to happen , and I
