With Los Angeles taxpayers spending $ 26 milliona year
to keep young people out of gangs , officials propose creating
a single agency t oversee the dozens of programs designed
to stem the city 's No. 1 crime problem .
The "anti-gang czar " plan , making its way through the city bureaucracy ,
has sparked enewed debate on how to fund anti-gang efforts
and how to make them effective and accounable .
Some question the plan 's focus -- as lacking a regional outlook
-- while a prominent sholar on gangs fears a new
agency would merely reshuffle programs that might be missing he
mark .
" I think the effort has to be much more concentrated at
using what weknow about gangs , which is not what the
city agencies usually do , " said MalcolmKlein , emeritus professor of sociology
at the University of Southern California .
A single ang-control agency was proposed more than a year ago
by then-City Councilman Martin Ludlow .
The iea was recently re-introduced
by Councilman Tony Cardenas .
Later , Councilmen Eric Garcetti and d
Reyes proposed efforts to secure more money for such programs .
The motion , which as yet to go before the City Council ,
would require that a percentage of anynew funds for crime
prevention , including the hiring of more police officers , be set
asie for youth anti-gang programs .
The proposed percentage has not
yet been specified .
The people running anti-gang programs may be nervous about the politicalwrangling
but say they are glad the discussion is taking place .
" We do n't have an fficial position on the creation of the
( gang-control ) department , but anything that raies the issue and provides
for increased coordination , we are supportive of , " said JohnChavez , director
of L.A. Bridges , the largest of Los Angeles ' anti-gang programs .
Dtails about a new-agency proposal are scarce .
Officials have declined to
provide mny specifics pending completion of an ongoing bid process
for a consultant to draft a stategic plan .
But Cardenas has said he wants to trim overlapping functions and
provid accountability by placing a single official at the top .
The city 's Commission for Chldren , Youth and Their Families recently sent
a letter to the mayor and City Council sayng the
bid process focuses too much on creating a new city
agency and not enough on fostering cooperation with regional partners ,
including school officials , regardless f boundaries , and county probation and
social workers .
" Gang violence is not a probem that can be analyzed and
addressed within defined geographic boundaries , " wrote Beatiz Olvera Stotzer , the
commission 's president .
The proposal has drawn supportfrom the Los Angeles Police Department , the
one city department that would be specificaly excluded from the
new agency .
" I think what 's being proposed for the city governent is the
missing part of the whole gang issue : the prevention and
intervention aspec -- the part that law enforcement really ca n't
do -- with someone at the top who 's accoutable , someone
who can act as a conductor of the orchestra , " said
Lt .
Paul Vernon ,an LAPD spokesman and former anti-gang team leader .
Ludlow , who recently left the Cty Council to lead the Los
Angeles County Federation of Labor , said the main goal is
to top finger-pointing that can hobble progress .
" Addressing the gang problem is as esential as fixing potholes , putting
speed bumps out there , trimming trees and providing ome of
the basic services that taxpayers expect a city to deliver .
We have departent directors for each of those , " Ludlow said .
" ( But ) the person coordinating L.A. 's gng response from a programmatic
level is three levels buried in the same department thatsupervises
day-care programs for toddlers .
That 's ridiculous . "
Tracking youths at isk of getting into gangs and trouble would
be a major function of the new agency asLudlow envisions
it .
When a caseworker hears that a child is being
exposed to gang membrship by an older sibling , the information
should be immediately shared with interventon specialists through a formal
procedure , Ludlow said .
The LAPD would be willing to ork closely with such an
agency to facilitate information-sharing , Vernon said .
ButKlein , the USC sociologist , is wary of micro-level case management and
of involving aw enforcement in prevention efforts .
With some 40,000 gang members in the city of Ls Angeles ,
it is impossible for a city agency to reach each
individual , he said , and te big-picture root causes , including poverty
and racism , are equally daunting .
Cityleaders should be focusing on the area in between , Klein said ,
which is " the issue of ho to empower communities to
take more charge of the situation themselves . "
Klein worked as a city consultant on such issues in the
late 1990s after then-Mayo Richard Riordan called for an anti-gang
czar .
While such an appointment was never made ,the discussions at
the time led to the formation of L.A. Bridges .
The pogram 's prevention component provides after-school activities and individual case manaement
to about 4,000 kids ages 10-14 each year .
An intervention
segment reaches about 1,00 older youths already in gangs .
Klein contends that L.A. Bridges has becomea general social-services program that ,
while doing much for children , spends to many resources on
those who are not involved with gangs .
Anecdotal evidence suggess the program does help keep kids away from
gangs , Chavez said , although he said h is working to
arrange more empirical evaluations .
The program , voluntary forstudents and parents , is so popular that , even
though they were on a break from school more than
a dozen kids showed up at Sutter Middle School on
a recent afternoon .
One was Mark De La Vega , a seventh-grader from Reseda , participating
in a softball gae and an art project that day .
He said he prefers these activities to staying in hs
neighborhood , where gang members hang around .
" I like the sports , and I ike the counselors , " he said
about L.A. Bridges .
" I have fun here . "
