When Howard Stern begins his first broadcast on Sirius Satellite Radio
Monday morning , he may be playing to a diminished audience ,
but his impact on the future of satellite radio has
already been substantial .
The next question is whether Stern 's extraordinary compensation will have any
effect on the way on-air talent is paid .
Last week , Sirius announced that it had granted Stern and his
manager more than 34 million shares of common stock , currently
worth about $ 225 million , because certain subscriber levels had been
reached .
That is on top of the $ 500 million that
Sirius had already agreed to pay Stern for his salary
and production costs .
Stern now holds more shares than any
other single investor , according to David J. Frear , Sirius ' executive
vice president and chief financial officer .
Whether or not Stern 's show , which begins at 6 a.m. , is
a success , his decision to jump from free broadcast to
subscription radio has bestowed legitimacy on a medium that many
had regarded with skepticism .
Sirius ' number of subscribers has jumped
from 660,000 at the time Stern 's deal was announced in
October 2004 , to 3.3 million today .
" Clearly a lot of that is attributable to Howard Stern , " said
Jim Collins , a vice president at Sirius .
As a result
of its growth , the company 's initial $ 500 million investment in
Stern will be covered by the subscriber increase , Collins said .
Still , XM Satellite Radio remains the leader in the industry .
While Sirius added more listeners in the final quarter of
2005 , XM ended the year with more than 6 million
subscribers .
The decision by Stern to move to satellite radio may also
encourage other talent to migrate to the fledgling medium .
" Actors never wanted to be on cable until some of them
started to win awards , " said Agnes Lukasewych , a vice president
at MPG , a media planning company .
XM previously announced that both Bob Dylan and the hosts of
ABC 's " Good Morning America " would create shows for the company .
Sirius has plans for programming from Martha Stewart and Bill
Bradley .
With broadcast radio losing the large audiences attracted by Stern , Lukasewych
says she expects that advertisers will need to buy more
spots to reach the same number of listeners .
" Terrestrial radio
has to step up to the plate " and work to
attract new talent , she said .
The problem will deepen over the next several years , as MP3
players and new Internet-based music ventures , such as Motorola 's iRadio
service , strive to grab consumers ' attention .
"XM and Sirius got to their current subscriber levels fairly easily ,
but at what point do they reach some level of
saturation due to increased competition ? " said Danielle Levitas , a senior
analyst with IDC .
" There is value in having some sort
of cachet with unique programming . "
While Stern 's agreement with Sirius helped put the company on the
map , performers giving a second thought to satellite radio should
not anticipate the lucrative arrangement that Stern was able to
negotiate .
" There is n't anybody else in Howard 's class .
If Sirius had not
done something they would have been totally in the dust , "
said Paul Kagan , chairman of PK Worldmedia , a Carmel , Calif. ,
research firm .
" You do n't often see a network mortgaging itself
to bring in a star . "
XM said it did not have plans to mix up its
programming because of Stern 's new program .
" Our content has not changed , " said Eric Logan , XM 's executive vice
president of programming .
" We have a platform targeted at mainstream
America .
There are more and more people who find Howard
Stern repulsive and offensive and will go away from anywhere
he is . "
Nor does XM expect Stern 's salary to have much of an
impact on the broader industry .
Logan noted that a number
of performers had asked to do shows without compensation , simply
to be on XM.
Stern 's salary "is so far out
of whack that it does not do anything to the
economics of the business , " Logan said .
Sirius has given Stern two channels to program .
His four-hour show
airs at 6 a.m. on both coasts , live in the
East and tape-delayed in the West .
In addition to the
live show , programming will include Howard 100 News , a news
operation "reporting on the world of Howard . "
" Howard will be doing a show that he has n't done for
15 years , because he 's been held back " by the Federal
Communications Commission , said Patrick Reilly , senior vice president of communications
for Sirius .
" It 's not about swearing , it 's about being candid ,
doing creative performance work for radio . "
