An estimated 800,000 adult New York City residents
-- more than one in every eight -- now have
diabetes , and city health officials describe the problem as a
bona fide epidemic .
Diabetes is the only major disease in
the city that is growing , both in the number of
new cases and the number of people it kills .
And
it is growing quickly , even as other scourges like heart
disease and cancers are stable or in decline .
But as alarmed as health officials are about the present , they
worry more about what is to come .
Within a generation or so , doctors fear , a huge wave of
new cases could overwhelm the public health system and engulf
growing numbers of the young , creating a city where hospitals
are swamped by the disease 's handiwork , schools scramble for resources
as they accommodate diabetic children , and the work force abounds
with the blind and the lame .
The prospect is frightening , but it has gone largely unnoticed outside
public health circles .
As epidemics go , diabetes has been a
quiet one , provoking little of the fear or the prevention
efforts inspired by AIDS or lung cancer .
One in three children born in the United States five years
ago are expected to become diabetic in their lifetimes , according
to a projection by the Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention .
The forecast is even bleaker for Latinos : one in
every two .
Diabetes has no cure .
It is progressive and often fatal , and
while the patient lives , the welter of medical complications it
sets off can attack every major organ .
As many war
veterans lost lower limbs last year to the disease as
American soldiers did to combat injuries in the entire Vietnam
War .
Diabetes is the principal reason adults go blind .
So-called Type 2 diabetes , the predominant form , is creeping into children ,
something almost unheard of two decades ago .
The American Diabetes
Association says the disease could actually lower the average life
expectancy of Americans for the first time in more than
a century .
The disease can be controlled through careful monitoring , lifestyle changes and
medication that is constantly improving , and plenty of people live
with diabetes for years without serious symptoms .
But that takes
enormous effort .
Even among Americans who know they have it ,
about two-thirds are not doing enough to treat it .
Nearly 21 million Americans are believed to be diabetic , according to
the Centers for Disease Control , and 41 million more are
prediabetic ; their blood sugar is high , and could reach the
diabetic level if they do not alter their living habits .
" I will go out on a limb , " said Dr. Thomas R.
Frieden , commissioner of the New York City Department of Health
and Mental Hygiene , " and say , 20 years from now people
will look back and say : ' What were they thinking ?
They 're
in the middle of an epidemic and kids are watching
20,000 hours of commercials for junk food . " '
