Prime Minister Ariel Sharon showed some improvement on Monday ,
breathing on his own and moving his right arm and
leg a bit as Israeli doctors began bringing him out
of a medically induced coma .
The process could take days , his doctors said .
Members of Sharon 's medical team said they were encouraged by the
developments , but emphasized that it was too soon to assess
any damage to his brain , and that Sharon 's condition remained
" severe and critical . "
" This is a very , very gradual process , " said Dr. Felix Umansky ,
the chief neurosurgeon and leader of the team treating Sharon
at Hadassah-Ein Kerem Hospital .
" We are just at the beginning
of a long way that he needs to go . "
The doctors say they believe that Sharon can survive the extensive
stroke and cerebral hemorrhage that he suffered Wednesday .
But the
assumption among Israelis is that Sharon , 77 , will not be
able to return to political life .
Still , supporters hung a
white sheet at the hospital entrance that read , " Ariel Sharon ,
there is more to do , please wake up . "
Sharon has dominated Israeli politics during his nearly five years as
prime minister , and the country finds itself in limbo as
it heads toward national elections on March 28 .
Ehud Olmert , a close ally of Sharon who has been elevated
from deputy prime minister to acting prime minister , has pledged
to follow Sharon 's policies .
He has not made any major
decisions since Sharon was hospitalized .
Sharon 's new centrist party , Kadima , was heavily favored for the March
elections before he suffered his stroke .
Opinion polls indicate that
Kadima is still ahead of its rivals , though campaigning has
effectively been frozen as Israelis hang on each update from
Sharon 's doctors .
After Sharon was hospitalized , doctors administered sedatives to place him in
a coma , and subsequently performed three operations over the next
two days to stop the bleeding in his brain .
Sharon 's condition stabilized , the doctors said , and on Monday morning they
began cutting back on the anesthesia with the aim of
drawing him out of the coma .
Soon afterward Sharon started breathing on his own , though he remains
connected to a respirator as a precaution , the doctors said .
" This is the first sign of some sort of activity in
his brain , " said Dr. Shlomo Mor-Yosef , the director of the
Hadassah hospital .
Later in the day , doctors administered pain-stimulus tests , and Sharon slightly
moved his right arm and right leg , Mor-Yosef said .
The
movements "grew more and more substantial as we reduced the
medication , " the doctor added .
Sharon 's blood pressure also rose in
response to the tests , which the doctor said was a
positive sign .
However , doctors not involved in Sharon 's care said the movements noted
on his right side could not precisely predict what his
overall recovery would be .
Sharon 's stroke occurred in the right side of his brain , which
controls the left side of his body .
Left-sided movement , which
the doctors did not report on Monday , might still return
as the anesthetic is further withdrawn .
The medical bulletin made no mention of Sharon 's ability to follow
verbal commands , though that step might come later , the independent
doctors said .
They also said they expected that the stroke
would leave Sharon with serious disability .
The doctors will continue reducing the anesthesia and looking for additional
reactions from Sharon , like his opening his eyes .
But Umansky
said Sharon was not out of danger .
" The moment the prime minister can sit in a chair and
speak to us , then we can say he is no
longer in serious condition , " Umansky said .
(STORY CAN END HERE.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS. )
The Palestinian leader , Mahmoud Abbas , said Monday that Palestinian parliamentary elections ,
planned for Jan . 25 , would take place as scheduled .
" The
elections will proceed and , God willing , take place on time , "
Abbas said in Gaza City .
The Palestinian leadership had warned that it might cancel the elections ,
citing Israel 's threat to prevent voting in East Jerusalem .
But
Abbas said the United States had provided assurances that Palestinians
would be allowed to vote in the eastern part of
the city .
In a related development , a senior Israeli security official said some
Palestinian parties -- but not the militant Hamas , which is
fielding candidates -- would be allowed to campaign in East
Jerusalem .
Gideon Ezra , Israel 's minister for public security , said Palestinians seeking to
campaign in East Jerusalem would have to submit a request
to the police .
Speaking on Israel Radio , Ezra added , " Anyone who is a supporter
of Hamas will not receive permission . " Hamas has carried out
many of the suicide bombings against Israelis in recent years
and calls for Israel 's destruction .
Ezra did not say whether Palestinians would be allowed to vote
in East Jerusalem , but the decision to permit some campaigning
suggested that Israel was likely to allow voting as well .
Israel captured the eastern part of the city in the 1967
Arab-Israeli War and then annexed it , a move that has
not been recognized internationally .
The Palestinians claim the eastern sector
of Jerusalem as a future capital .
