' There 's a bear in the woods , " began the most effective television
commercial of Ronald Reagan 's 1984 campaign for re-election .
' For some
people the bear is easy to see .
Others do n't see
it at all . "
This bit of political brilliance highlighted concerns about challenger Walter Mondale 's
suitability to be commander in chief .
It played on the
broader fear in the post-Vietnam era that the Democratic Party
had gone soft on security and could not be entrusted
with the nation 's defense .
The bear spot , however , never mentioned national security or the Soviet
Union , Democrats or Republicans , Mondale or Reagan .
It did n't even
mention an election .
It was an allegory , and a devastating one at that , reminding
the American people that the leadership of one party was
actively confronting a menace to the United States , while the
leadership of the other party was , at best , incapable of
recognizing that menace or , at worst , undermining efforts to advance
American security interests .
Reagan trounced Mondale in one of the most lopsided presidential elections
in American history , winning 49 of 50 states and 59
percent of the popular vote .
A few Democrats -- Sens. Hillary Rodham Clinton of New York
and Joseph
Lieberman of Connecticut , for instance -- seem to be cognizant of
this history and the propensity for their party to be
perceived as being weak on national security .
On this issue at least , they are appealing to an old
and all-but-lost center of American politics and hearkening back to
a Democratic foreign policy that vigorously advanced American interests .
The
rest of the Democratic leadership , however , seems determined to rush
headlong into a repeat of 1984 .
It began last fall with the constant drumbeat for the immediate ,
or almost immediate or relatively immediate , withdrawal of all , or
most or some , American combat forces from Iraq .
The point is not whether the American people have grown skeptical
of the rationale for going to war in Iraq or
the consequences of that war .
By almost any measure of
reliable polling data , a majority of them clearly has .
The political issue is whether Democrats can capitalize on that skepticism
without corroborating the perception of weakness .
Put another way , can
they avoid pandering to the hard-left interests that have repeatedly
spelled electoral disaster for them since 1968 and instead address
the concerns of average Americans ?
Can they prove that they
see the bear and have a strategy for victory ?
Democratic National Committee Chairman Howard Dean already provided an answer when
he said , ' The idea that the United States is going
to win the war in Iraq is just plain wrong . "
And it came from Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid when he
gloated to party activists , ' We killed the Patriot Act . "
Reid might have attenuated his partisan boast to say , ' We forced
the White House and the Republican-controlled Congress to consider greater
protections for civil liberties in the Patriot Act . "
He might
even have said , ' We are working to fix a flawed
yet essential Patriot Act . "
Instead , Reid just killed it and tossed out the red meat .
As with Iraq , the point here is not whether a large
number of Americans from a broad political spectrum are concerned
about the erosion or potential erosion of civil liberties in
the war on terror .
They are .
The unavoidable political issue is that an even larger number of
Americans has a greater concern that , given the opportunity , terrorists
will kill more of their countrymen .
And they believe that
the Patriot Act , flaws and all , has been instrumental in
preventing a repeat of Sept. 11 , 2001 , on American soil .
As a political slogan , ' We killed the Patriot Act " has
all the electoral potential of ' I am not a crook . "
There is indeed a bear in the woods . . .
and in the desert and in the mountains and even ,
perhaps , in our own cities .
And saying so does n't compel
Americans to surrender their right to dissent against their government
or cede any other constitutional rights .
To pretend it is not there , however , and to sublimate national
security to score some cheap partisan points is n't just bad
politics , it 's also bad policy .
(E-mail : jgurwitz@express-news .net )
