require all large ships traveling from overseas to exchange their
ballast water with ocean water at least 200 miles from
shore , where there will be fewer organisms to bring to
a new port .
Last month , the agency prohibited a Panamanian-flagged
ship traveling from the Bahamas to Boston from entering the
city 's port until it went back out to sea and
exchanged its ballast water because the ship could not prove
it had done so .
The ship did not have required
records of when it took in and discharged ballast water .
But specialists say the invaders have many other ways to get
here , such as attaching to the hulls of boats , or
contained in deliveries of aquaculture , aquarium supplies , or live bait .
Scientists say some submerged invaders have probably been around since Colonial
days and people may mistakenly believe they are native .
But in recent years , a series of invasions have gotten scientists '
full attention .
In 1992 , a group of schoolchildren on a
science trip in Woods Hole spotted an inch-long crab scurrying
on the rocky beach .
It was an Asian shore crab ,
and within several years it had spread to Boston .
This
summer , it reached Acadia National Park in Maine .
Discovered in
New Jersey in 1988 , the crab eats almost anything it
can find and scientists say it is forcing out native
populations of mud crabs and might also be competing with
lobsters or larger crabs for food .
The invasion news got worse with the sea squirt , which fishermen
say looks like fast-spreading pancake batter .
There are other kinds
of non-native squirts off New England , but none is as
feared as this kind , known as Didemnum .
The animals are
a kind of superorganism , able to reproduce both sexually and
asexually so even a tiny fragment can form new colonies .
Nothing eats them , and where they came from and when
is unknown .
In 2000 , scientists began assessing exactly what was in New England
marine waters by descending on regions for a week at
a time to count and identify species , but the program
provides only a snapshot of the problem .
To help in the Bay State , Massachusetts gave Salem Sound Coastwatch ,
a local nonprofit , a grant of $ 10,000 in 2004 to
develop a pilot program for average citizens to identify invasive
marine species .
Officials say they cannot expect citizens to identify
all species - even taxonomists have a hard time with
that - but citizens can identify certain foreign creatures that
have caused problems elsewhere .
The Salem program trained more than 50 people , and this year
state officials have about $ 20,000 to help train about five
more nonprofit groups .
Now , state officials , along with a coalition of other New England
officials and scientists , are trying to develop a plan in
case they find a potentially dangerous invader .
Possibilities include simply
pulling the creatures out of the water or sand by
hand and throwing them away , or using pesticides or parasites
that can be targeted to the invasive species .
" The best approach is get them early because you do n't know
