Israel continued its nervous watch over the sickbed of
Prime Minister Ariel Sharon on Sunday , with television reporters educating
the country about his condition using plastic models of brains
and exploring hypotheses about whether Sharon should have had different
treatment before his devastating stroke on Wednesday .
Israeli politicians , normally an obstreperous and aggressive bunch , maintained a self-imposed
moratorium on political campaigning out of respect for the stricken
prime minister -- and out of a sense that the
country would not reward those who returned to the normal
slash-and-burn style too soon .
Doctors treating Sharon intend to begin bringing him out of a
medically induced coma on Monday after finding further improvement during
a brain scan taken on Sunday , a hospital official said .
Dr.
Shlomo Mor-Yosef , the director of Hadassah-Ein Kerem Hospital , said Sunday
that Sharon , 77 , remained in critical condition after his massive
stroke last Wednesday but that his vital signs , including the
pressure inside his cranium , were normal and that he did
not have a fever .
" His condition is still serious but stable , and there is improvement
in the CT picture of the brain , " Mor-Yosef said .
Still ,
doctors decided to wait until Monday to bring Sharon out
of the coma after suggesting on Saturday that they might
begin the process on Sunday .
It could take up to
eight hours .
Israelis found themselves in an unfamiliar state of limbo -- obsessed
with Sharon 's condition but not used to waiting .
" People are not patient , " said Maya Bader , 27 , a doctoral student
having coffee with her mother at a Tel Aviv cafe .
" They want to know what is happening .
People do n't know
what to do . "
Acting Prime Minister Ehud Olmert presided over the regular Sunday Cabinet
meeting , and in televised remarks at the start , pledged continuity
with Sharon 's policies .
Olmert said , " I pray with all the
people of Israel that my tenure as the acting prime
minister will be short . "
But it is likely to last at least until the March
28 elections .
Shimon Peres , the former Labor Party prime minister
who joined Sharon and Olmert in the new Kadima Party ,
said Sunday that he expected Olmert to lead the party
into the elections .
Peres , 82 , said on CNN that he was interested in returning
as a member of the legislature on the Kadima list ,
but that he did not intend to compete with Olmert
to become prime minister .
" I want to devote whatever time
and energy I have for the peace process , " he said .
