Cox News Service DAYTONA BEACH , Fla . -- The state Supreme Court
last week did what I expected it to do and
found the state 's voucher programs unconstitutional .
Everything else about the
ruling was a surprise .
to view vouchers as a church-and-state issue .
Either they believe government aid to religious schools is a good
thing and education is no different from other social services
done by churches and faith-based organizations .
Or they believe government
aid to religious schools is a bad thing and unconstitutional
because it gives tax dollars to religious groups at the
expense of public education .
So both sides were looking for the Florida Supreme Court to
come down one way or another on the church-state divide .
That 's what the 1st District Court of Appeal did in December
2004 when it declared vouchers unconstitutional .
It cited the section
of Florida 's constitution forbidding even indirect public aid to churches .
In response , several legislators even floated the idea of rushing a
new , improved and more flexible Religious Freedom Amendment to the
ballot .
Good thing they did n't .
Because the state Supreme Court took a totally different approach .
It
based its ruling entirely on a new amendment to the
Florida Constitution committing the state to running a "uniform , effective ,
safe , secure and high quality system of public schools . "
Florida has , since 1868 , had some kind of constitutional requirement for
quality public schools .
But since 1885 , the constitutional language has
been weak and vague enough that nobody in the Legislature
ever lost sleep over it .
Then , in 1998 , voters made this mandate more emphatic .
Until now , many smart people dismissed this new language as mere
constitutional happy talk .
The legal equivalent of graduation day oratory .
That changed last week .
The court ruled this new mandate for a strong , well-funded public
school system forbids moving public school money to private schools .
The court said the state is in the public school business
and the public school business only .
Private schools are good
and useful , but the state constitution does n't say the state
may fund them .
Particularly if funding private schools means de-funding public schools .
" The ( Florida ) Constitution prohibits the state from using public monies to
fund a private alternative to the public school system , " the
court said .
Within hours of the ruling , Gov. Jeb Bush promised to "explore
all legal options and ask the Florida Legislature to enact
any available legislative fixes or amend the Florida Constitution once
again to enable the Legislature to fund all educational programs . "
Maybe .
But this ruling is pretty emphatic .
Merely changing the way
the vouchers are issued so voucher money does n't come quite
so directly out of the hide of public education is
unlikely to work .
At least not without two more Republican
appointments to the bench .
This puts the Legislature in the position of putting a Vouchers
Are Good Amendment on the ballot or repealing or weakening
the Public Education of Children Amendment .
A vouchers amendment would be a hard sell .
Repealing the 1998
amendment
time legislators want to get out of class-size limits without looking
( Mark Lane is a columnist for The Daytona Beach ( Fla . )
News-Journal .
He
may be reached at mark .lane@news-jrnl.com . )
