The more the Giants mourned their embarrassing
23-0 elimination from the Super Bowl XL playoffs , the more
two names were heard : Antonio Pierce , their missing middle linebacker ,
and John Fox , the Carolina Panthers ' clever coach who was
the Giants ' defensive coordinator five years ago when they went
to the Super Bowl .
Not that Pierce , who was on crutches on the sideline , would
have necessarily changed Sunday 's outcome .
But had he played , the
Panthers ' running backs , DeShaun Foster and Nick Goings , probably would
not have rushed for 214 yards , and Carolina may not
have more than doubled the Giants ' time of possession .
" A.P. 's the one spark we need , " defensive end Michael Strahan said ,
already looking to next season .
" He 's going to be on
fire . "
Pierce was simmering on the sideline Sunday along with three visiting
former Giants linebackers -- Lawrence Taylor , Harry Carson and Carl
Banks .
But as skilled as those three were , they endured
a similar embarrassment in the 1985 Giants ' 21-0 loss to
the Bears in Chicago , the franchise 's previous shutout in a
playoff game .
But not since a 28-0 loss to the Washington Redskins at
the Polo Grounds in a 1943 Eastern Division playoff had
the Giants been blanked in a postseason home game .
Pierce 's unavailability , of course , was no excuse for perhaps the most
inept offensive performance of any supposedly good Giants team : only
132 total yards ; only 41 rushing , all by Tiki Barber ;
only 113 passing on Eli Manning 's 10 of 18 , with
three interceptions .
The Giants ' deepest penetration was to the Carolina
39-yard line .
" That 's Coach Fox , " Barber said .
" They had a great scheme and
a great plan and we could n't adjust to it .
They
had more intensity than we did .
They were more physical
than we were . "
In a word , Barber acknowledged that the Giants were "outcoached . "
He
cited the offense taking " a lot of time at the
line of scrimmage , " which allowed the Panthers time to bring
the free safety up near the line .
And with Manning
unable to complete a pass to wide receiver Plaxico Burress ,
Barber considered that as proof that the Giants ' game plan
was wrong .
Manning also praised the Panthers ' defensive game plan that mixed zone
and man-to-man coverage on passes , and that often brought the
safety into the box .
" It 's shocking , " Manning said , "because we had not had a performance
like this before .
We 've always found a way to move
the ball and score points .
Today we could n't do anything .
I wish I had a reason why . "
The reason , of course , was Fox , who , aside from Bill Belichick
of the Patriots , is arguably pro football 's best defensive strategist .
Barber on Sunday credited Fox for the Giants ' 41-0 rout of
the Minnesota Vikings in the 2000 National Football Conference championship
game .
And the irony is that Fox might well have
been named the Giants coach after that 2000 season had
the Giants not rallied for five consecutive victories under coach
Jim Fassel and gone to the Super Bowl .
Instead , Fox left the Giants after the 2001 season to be
the Panthers ' coach , took them to the Super Bowl two
years ago and now will take them to Chicago for
next Sunday 's divisional playoff game .
In the process , Fox exposed the Giants as still a "work
in progress , " as coach Tom Coughlin warned in training camp .
Manning threw 24 touchdown passes this season but Sunday he
learned that the playoffs can be a different world .
And
the Giants , like every other team , learned that in the
playoffs , you need all your best players , especially your best
linebackers .
Backups can get a team through the regular season , but Sunday
the Giants were without four linebackers -- Pierce , Carlos Emmons ,
Reggie Torbor and Chase Blackburn .
Ever since Pierce suffered a serious sprain of his right ankle
in Philadelphia , the Giants had to shuffle their linebacker alignment ,
inserting Blackburn at middle linebacker , then transferring Nick Greisen there
after Blackburn suffered a sprained neck .
When Emmons had to
be put on injured reserve with a chest-muscle problem , Kevin
Lewis was signed off the street as the middle linebacker
and Alonzo Jackson was inserted at outside linebacker .
" We have been out there battling and replacing guys and trying
to reload the gun , " Strahan said , " and today it just
did n't work for us . "
Greisen , hurt early Sunday , returned despite an inflamed shoulder nerve that ,
he said , felt "like somebody has a blow torch on
it . "
And when Pierce , on crutches in the quiet locker room , was
asked if he had seen any situations where he might
have made the tackle that Sunday 's linebackers did n't make , he
just smiled .
He wondered if the Giants had short-changed themselves
by attaining their goal of the NFC East title .
" You 've got to shoot higher than that , " Pierce said .
But had the Giants won , Pierce might have been able to
return as the middle linebacker next Sunday against the Bears
in Chicago .
" They 're taking the cast off Tuesday , " Pierce said " That 's when I
start my next season . "
And all his Giants teammates and all the Giants coaches will
start next season on Monday .
