The actress known as Tyla Wynn took to
the stage late Saturday night to accept an X-rated-film award ,
the pornography version of an Oscar .
The category was excellence
in a multiperson sex scene .
" Speaking in front of people is hard , " Wynn said , cradling her
award , called the AVN.
The 23rd AVN awards presentation here highlighted that pornography is , at
least in a sense , at a crossroads .
The sex-film industry shows signs of gaining some mainstream acceptance --
spurred in part by its leading diva and business success ,
Jenna Jameson -- and it is reporting record sales .
According
to AVN Publications , which organizes the awards , it generated $ 4.3
billion in sales and rentals last year .
That amounted to
about half the size of Hollywood 's box-office receipts of nearly
$ 9 billion last year .
At the same time , prospects for the industry have been tempered
by fears that the Justice Department is poised to add
to a handful of obscenity prosecutions recently brought against makers
of hardcore films .
Saturday night , though , was an unapologetic , hearty celebration , with a flashbulb-drenched
red carpet entrance and awards presented in 104 categories , including
best performances in a wide range of explicit acts and
sexual positions .
The more conventional were for best director , supporting
actor and actress , screenplay and the most anticipated award of
the evening : best feature .
That went to " Pirates , " a relatively high-budget story of a group
of ragtag sailors who go searching for a crew of
evil pirates who have a plan for world domination .
Also ,
many of the characters in the movie have sex with
one another .
The precise criteria for winning an AVN are not , well , explicit .
About 60 reviewers judge some 6,000 films submitted throughout the
year .
Paul Fishbein , the president of AVN Publications , said you
know a good acting and sex scene when you see
one .
Still , certain things rule out a nomination .
One is "if you
can still hear the director 's voice , " Fishbein said .
Another no-no
is "if it 's clear the cameraman is not paying attention . "
