Had anyone suggested that Washington would manage 25
net yards passing in Saturday 's playoff game against Tampa Bay ,
" I would have told you our season was over , " Redskins
quarterback Mark Brunell said .
Thanks to Washington 's defense , which forced three turnovers and collected three
sacks , the Redskins escaped with a 17-10 victory , despite gaining
a paltry 120 total yards , the fewest ever for a
winning team in a National Football League playoff game .
Washington ( 11-6 ) would probably not survive a repeat of that futility
Saturday in a divisional match at Seattle against the Seahawks
( 13-3 ) , the top-seeded team in the National Football Conference tournament .
The Redskins defeated the Seahawks , 20-17 , in overtime at home
on Oct. 2.
Washington is much improved the past three months , having invested heavily
in its running game .
But of particular concern for the
Redskins this week will be the health of running back
Clinton Portis , who aggravated a shoulder injury Saturday .
He rammed
into the end zone from 6 yards for an early
touchdown but played sparingly , gaining 53 yards rushing on 16
carries after delivering more than 100 yards in each of
the last five regular-season games .
Portis weighs 212 pounds , but plays with a sledgehammering style of
a back much bigger .
He prefers gaining yards inside to
running around the corners , but that can take a toll
on a player 's health .
It remains to be seen whether
Portis ' body is finally betraying him after a superb season
in which he rushed for a team-record 1,516 yards .
A
year ago , he started the first 15 games , then sustained
an injured pectoral muscle .
" I was kind of injured coming into this game , " Portis said
Saturday .
" My shoulders were killing me .
I think on the
first series or two I reinjured them . "
Against Seattle , Washington will also have to find a way to
reinvigorate wide receiver Santana Moss as a deep threat .
He
set a team record this season with 1,483 receiving yards ,
but he caught two inconsequential passes for 18 yards against
Tampa Bay 's smothering defense .
Occasionally , it seemed to Moss that
the Buccaneers used more than the allotted 11 defenders .
" I was doubled , tripled , " Moss said .
" I saw one dude had
his cousin on the field , his auntie sitting in the
end zone . "
There was widespread agreement among the Redskins that the offense did
not hold up its end of the bargain Saturday and
must improve dramatically against Seattle if Washington is to have
a chance of advancing to the NFC championship game .
" The defense won the game , " Portis said .
" Going to Seattle , we 've
got to find a way to move the ball offensively
and put more points on the board . "
Fortunately for the Redskins , Washington 's defense took care of the necessary
points Saturday .
Linebacker LaVar Arrington set up Portis ' touchdown run
with an interception .
Linebacker Marcus Washington caused a fumble that
safety Sean Taylor scooped up and ran 51 yards for
a touchdown .
He then intercepted a pass that ended Tampa
Bay 's comeback in the final minute .
Washington made 10 tackles against the Buccaneers , and the defensive line
deflected or batted down five passes thrown by quarterback Chris
Simms .
" We try to outwork the other team , " Washington said .
" Nobody is
going to outhit us . "
But the Redskins lost defensive end Renaldo Wynn ( broken forearm ) Saturday ,
and he will miss the remainder of the playoffs .
Cornerback
Shawn Springs missed the game with a groin injury .
Taylor
was ejected for spitting in the face of Tampa Bay
running back Michael Pittman , but he is not expected to
be suspended for the Seattle game .
In the Seahawks , the Redskins will face Shaun Alexander , the NFL 's
most valuable player , who set a league record with 28
touchdowns this season and led all backs with 1,880 rushing
yards .
In October , the Redskins held Alexander to 98 yards
rushing -- 34 of which came on one play --
on 20 carries .
Washington 's defense has been particularly troublesome to opponents the past six
games , all victories , forcing 20 turnovers .
Taylor has returned fumbles
for touchdowns in two consecutive games .
It is that type
of unnerving play that the Redskins will likely need to
reproduce against Seattle , especially if Portis is limited by injury .
" He said he 's going to be fine , but we 'll just have
to see , " coach Joe Gibbs said .
