service eMusic and a music publishing company , and was interested
in the Orchard partly because of the digital distribution rights
it had acquired .
" We were aware of the reputation , " said Scholl , who was brought
in to run the company , " and we worked to pay
everyone back and begin more transparent accounting . "
The Orchard , Scholl said , is a "digital aggregator , " a middleman between
small independent labels and digital music services .
Major labels , as
well as most sizable independents , deal with such services directly
or through an established physical distribution company like the Alternative
Distribution Alliance , owned by Warner Music .
The Orchard , as well as the Independent Online Distribution Alliance , mostly
represent small labels in quantity .
Along with a smattering of
tracks recorded by stars before they signed with major labels ,
they offer an embarrassment of niches : free jazz , black metal
and , in the case of the Orchard , a label that
specializes in calliope music .
And as the cost of putting
tracks online is low , anything that can sell a few
copies is worthwhile .
" I 'd say we more or less want everything , " remarked Kevin Arnold ,
founder and chief executive of the independent alliance .
Most digital distribution deals give the distributor 15 percent of the
wholesale price of a track , usually somewhere around 65 cents .
according to several people in the industry .
Scholl said that
the Orchard generally receives a higher percentage because it can
effectively promote music to the services that sell it .
To
generate attention for some of the music from China , for
example , it arranged for Jackie Chan to provide a list
of his favorite tracks .
" It 's the equivalent of taking the music from the backroom , where
you 'd have to look for it , into the store , " Scholl
said .
For some of the Orchard 's international partners , the strategy is working .
Epsa , an Argentine tango label , distributes about 500 albums through
the Orchard .
Laura Tesoriero , the label 's chief executive , who also
works with the Orchard as a representative in South America ,
said it had sold 10,000 digital tracks last quarter --
no more than a rounding error by the standards of
the United States pop music market , but enough to leave
her feeling encouraged about the future of digital sales .
A
significant number of those sales , she expects , were to Argentines
living in this country .
The most significant growth in sales of foreign music could come
as the idea of buying online gains traction among such
immigrant communities .
" People in China do n't think of Chinese music as world music
and neither do Chinese people in the U.S. , " said Yale
Evelev , president of Luaka Bop , an independent label owned by
David Byrne that specializes in pop music from Africa and
South America .
The Orchard will face greater competition as major labels sell the
music they release internationally in the United States .
The EMI
Group , for example , plans to make available in this country
the majority of the music it sells anywhere in the
world , Adam Klein , a vice president , said .
As an example
