I remember the previous "last flight " I was on , the Air
France Concorde 's final trip from New York to Paris in
2003 .
In the seat next to me , as the jet hurtled across
the Atlantic at nearly twice the speed of sound , a
long-retired Chanel model , her glamour still apparent even in her
70s , was pounding back the Champagne .
About an hour out
of New York , she began berating the French transport minister ,
who was seated in front of us , and with whom
she was obviously closely acquainted , for letting the obsolescent Concorde
die .
" History , monsieur , will hold you responsible ! " she declared .
Monsieur cowered .
Upon our landing at Charles de Gaulle Airport , thousands cheered as
we taxied in under an arc of red , white and
blue water sprayed from fire trucks .
That event was fresh in my mind Thursday .
I was sitting
up front on a 50-seat CRJ regional jet , Independence Air
Flight 1217 from Newark Liberty International Airport to Washington Dulles
International Airport .
This was not a finale that would end with a celebratory
spray from fire hoses .
" I promised myself I wo n't cry , " said Kari Harris , the young
flight attendant , who started at Independence Air in October , when
the clouds were already darkening .
" I loved this job , " Harris told me after we reached cruising
altitude .
" Maybe I did n't have enough time to get bitter .
I voluntarily took the first two weeks of December off
without pay , hoping it would help . "
It did n't .
Before it reorganized as a stand-alone airline in June
2004 , this was a profitable company called Atlantic Coast Airlines
that provided regional-jet service under contract , chiefly to United Airlines
out of Dulles .
When United demanded sharp concessions from regional-jet
partners , Atlantic Coast took a hike .
With a splashy branding campaign , it re-emerged as the low-fare Independence
Air .
Also , to its credit , it induced competitors at Dulles
to cut fares , which at that time were among the
highest in the country .
( Analysts now predict they will go
right back up . )
But the airline quickly overreached .
It ramped up to 600 flights
a day on routes where low-fare competition was brutal , while
offering what the airline forecaster Michael Boyd called "brainless fares
as low as 29 bucks . "
This happened although regional jets are not especially fuel-efficient .
Then Independence
Air acquired a dozen longer-range Airbus A319s and plunged into
the hypercharged transcontinental market .
Independence Air 's chief executive , Kerry B. Skeen , said that along with
soaring oil prices , the rough-and-tumble competition caused the defeat , an
excuse that would have sounded no less questionable coming from
the mouth of a football coach than from an airline
executive .
All of this was moot on Flight 1217 last Thursday .
In
the galley , Harris was pouring soft drinks into plastic glasses
to be served to passengers from a tray .
Her smile
and her aplomb did not falter .
Independence Air had some strong supporters .
Phil Hoffert , a sales consultant from Morristown , N.J. , told me about
the first trip he took on Independence Air last month
from Newark to Jacksonville , Fla .
" I was prepared pretty much for the worst , " he said .
" I
figure on the secondary and tertiary airlines , you get what
you pay for .
But Independence Air had it nailed .
The
pilots were upbeat .
The flight attendants were more than professional .
They were great . "
As Flight 1217 descended into Dulles , Harris made the requisite announcements
and added her thanks to the passengers for their company
on her last flight .
I watched how carefully she stowed the cans and replaced the
napkins in their bins , as if someone would ever reach
for them again .
She removed her apron and folded it
as neatly as if she were in her own kitchen .
After she strapped in and gazed out the window , her chin
was set firm but her lower lip was quivering .
She
dabbed at her eyes quickly with a tissue .
" I almost
made it without tears , " she said .
We landed .
As the passengers debarked , the pilot and co-pilot stood
outside in a small group by the stairs .
" The employees
made this airline , " said Capt .
David Pontzer , the co-pilot .
In the terminal , employees poked through boxes and table displays of
T-shirts , jackets , sweatshirts and other items for sale bearing the
Independence Air logo and the various slogans it employed to
try to sell itself as hip and trendy .
I did n't see Harris .
On the flight , she had said she
would head home to Maryland and keep looking for a
new job , hopefully with JetBlue .
But when she left the
airport , a little bit of the class that once permeated
the airline business left with her .
