As House Republicans jockey to select their new leader ,
Rep.
John E. Sweeney , R-N.Y. , said Monday that his party
leadership needs a total reorganization and should present a "new
face " to the American public .
Sweeney 's statements came as House Republicans struggled to cope with the
fallout of the indictment of Rep. Tom DeLay , R-Texas , and
the sweeping corruption scandal surrounding lobbyist Jack Abramoff .
Sweeney said his party in the House " should reorganize from top
to bottom .
We need a fresh start . "
He said the
intra-party election that House Republicans will hold early next month
to select their leaders also should include the job of
House speaker , a post that is No. 2 in the
line of presidential succession , right behind the vice president .
DeLay , facing money laundering charges in Texas , announced Saturday that he
would permanently forgo his post as majority leader .
He had
stepped down temporarily after he was indicted last year .
Abramoff pleaded guilty last week to federal charges of conspiracy , tax
evasion and mail fraud and promised to help investigators looking
into his influence peddling in Congress .
DeLay 's announcement has set off a race between Reps .
Roy Blunt ,
R-Mo. , and John Boehner , R-Ohio , for the post of House
Republican leader .
Sweeney declined to endorse either candidate , though he repeated his call
for an " A through Z " reorganization of the GOP leadership
team , calling this juncture an opportunity " to really develop a
fresh start . "
" We have to evaluate ourselves as honestly and bluntly as we
can . "
Sweeney said he is not personally running for a new leadership
post .
" That 's why I feel rather unfettered here .
We ought to seize
this opportunity to reevaluate where we are " and " to get
out in front with a new face of who we
are and what we believe in . . .
This is
a chance for us to say 'it 's a do-over . ' We 've
got 11 months to reaffirm the good things we 've done
in the past , " a reference to next November 's House elections .
Sweeney said he hopes a "new face " on the GOP House
leadership would focus on tightening rules governing lobbyists .
( Judy Holland can be reached at 202-263-6400 or at the e-mail
address judy@hearstdc.com )
