After years of handwringing about literacy in the United States , Congress
passed the National Literacy Act of 1991 .
The aim was
to make improved literacy a priority for the nation .
So the federal government did a baseline assessment of national literacy
in 1992 .
Now , the government has released the first follow-up .
The results are a big disappointment .
Overall , literacy has remained flat .
In 1992 , 83 percent of the
population 16 and older were at basic literacy or above .
That remained virtually the same in 2003 ( 84 percent ) .
The bigger disappointment is that literacy is slipping at every level
of education .
Educated Americans remain literate , but their capabilities in
processing complex information , rather than simply basic information , is declining .
That presents a quandary .
Should we put our efforts into bringing
the 17 percent of illiterate or barely literate adults up
to basic literacy ?
Or should we focus on improving the
literacy of those who will graduate from high school , college
or postgraduate institutions ?
In an ideal world , we would do
both .
But the more alarming dip is in the educated
population .
We can more easily reach those individuals in our
system of education -- with higher expectations and improved curriculum .
Part of the problem is that our culture is becoming more
oral and visual .
With television , cell phones , video games , iPods
and other new media sources , people increasingly are dealing with
flashes of information .
Educational institutions must swim upstream in their
effort to get students to interpret and analyze lengthy , difficult
passages of words -- and have them enjoy it and
make it part of the habit of life .
To see the problem in stark form , look at what 's happened
to college graduates in the last decade .
They remain literate : 98 percent are at basic literacy or above
( it was 99 percent in 1992 ) .
That looks like there 's
no problem .
Basic means a person can perform simple and
everyday tasks such as interpret instructions from an appliance warranty ,
write a letter explaining an error made on a credit
card bill , determine the discount from an oil bill if
paid within 10 days .
But then look at intermediate literacy or above : 84 percent are
at that level , compared to 89 percent in 1992 ) .
That 's
a five-point slip in intermediate skills such as explaining the
difference between two types of employee benefits , using a bus
schedule to determine an appropriate route or using a pamphlet
to calculate the yearly amount a couple would receive for
basic supplemental security income .
But the biggest slip is at the proficient level : Only 31
percent are at this highest level compared to 40 percent
in 1992 .
That 's a nine-point slip in mastery of complex
activities such as critically evaluating information in legal documents , comparing
viewpoints in two editorials or interpreting a table about blood
pressure and physical activity .
You see a similar slippage for high school graduates and , worse ,
for those who have done postgraduate work .
It 's bad enough that we ca n't seem to improve basic literacy
rates generally .
But we cannot afford to have our most
educated population drop in complex literacy levels .
Ingraining the habits
of literacy wo n't be easy , but it can be done .
The task falls mostly to our schools , but they cannot
do it alone .
Others , from parents to libraries to communities ,
have to limit the video games and make reading fun
again .
Sacramento Bee editorial
