Farmers and environmentalists have been clawing and scratching
at each other for nearly two decades over the San
Joaquin River and the water behind Friant Dam .
As hard
as it may be for some longtime observers to believe ,
a settlement may be in sight .
On Friday , U.S. District Judge Lawrence Karlton in Sacramento gave the
two sides a 30-day delay in the lawsuit brought by
environmentalists to force restoration of the river .
The San Joaquin
now runs dry during much of the year at two
points along its 230-mile course from Friant Dam north to
the Sacramento-San Joaquin River Delta .
Back in 2004 , Karlton ruled that restoration must take place .
Since
then there have been negotiations in an effort to find
a compromise that would protect farmers who use the Friant
water for irrigation , while adding enough flow to make the
San Joaquin a true river once more .
There are also
some cities that get Friant water -- including Fresno --
whose interests must be guarded .
One reason for the delay is that the federal government , the
main defendant in the environmentalists ' lawsuit , has not signed off
yet on any agreement .
And all the separate water districts
that make up the Friant Water Users Authority , which represents
some 15,000 farmers , mostly on the east side of the
Valley , have had a chance to examine the settlement .
Other
agencies have been doing the same thing .
Such a compromise -- if it finally happens -- would be
historic .
Fighting over water has been a constant passion in
California since before statehood .
When Friant Dam was built a half-century ago , it dried up
a river that once supported a salmon run , and was
navigable by large vessels from Fresno to San Francisco Bay .
Environmentalists have dreamed for years of seeing at least some
of that restored .
But the dam also allowed the creation of a multibillion-dollar farm
economy on the east side of the Valley , one that
is inextricably intertwined with the lives of everyone hereabouts .
That
cannot -- that must not -- be dismissed .
A compromise that manages to win approval -- however grudging it
may turn out be -- from such powerful antagonists would
be something remarkable .
But such an outcome -- a healthier river and a still-vibrant
farm economy -- is something we should all profoundly desire .
Cross your fingers .
Fresno Bee editorial
