place . "
Farrell 's phone calls to her mother pointed directly to her killer .
That was a good thing : The doorman could n't remember the killer 's
face and a video surveillance unit was n't working that night .
Police tracked down Wadatz , who admitted to one of the most
brutal murders and rapes in Clearwater 's recent memory .
Farrell was
stabbed 33 times .
Many of the wounds were to the
face and neck .
After she fell to the floor , Wadatz
raped her .
He washed off in Farrell 's shower , then dressed in her red
shorts and white tank top .
He put his clothes and
the knife in a plastic bag .
Wadatz left without the doorman noticing his change of dress .
He
dumped the bloody clothes and knife near the Belleair Causeway .
After his confession , Clearwater police booked Wadatz on a first-degree murder
charge .
Prosecutors decided to seek the death penalty .
Mrs.
Farrell said she wanted just a little funeral for her
daughter , but CIS got involved in the arrangements , moved the
service to a bigger room and added an honor guard
to the ceremony .
She was grateful .
Then the apartment complex , which has since been sold and converted
to condominiums , got pushy about getting her to move her
daughter 's things out , she said .
Mrs.
Farrell said the complex 's agents threatened to keep the security
deposit because of all the blood .
She eventually got the
deposit back , but her anger was rising .
As she emptied her daughter 's apartment , people walked by and made
ghostly noises , she said .
Then she saw the doorman goofing off with his girlfriend .
" I 'm thinking everybody in this building is in danger .
They 've just
had a killing and it 's still happening , " she said .
" They
can throw their fancy funerals , but they ca n't tighten up
their security ? "
A few months later , Wadatz offered to plead guilty and accepted
a sentence of life in prison without the chance of
parole .
Mrs.
Farrell agreed to avoid the stress of a trial .
She has since learned that Wadatz is seeking an appeal , which
makes her angry .
But she has just as much anger
for CIS.
" I blame him , but it 's like blaming the devil , " she said .
" But these people , they just did n't do their job .
I
blame them as much as I blame him because they
failed her that night . "
Mrs.
Farrell also sued the apartment complex , Trammel Crow Residential Services
and the doorman .
Her attorneys , Tom Carey and Jodi Leisure , think all of them
shared blame .
" We thought the security was inadequate and was sort of a
patchwork quilt , " Carey said .
In court papers , defense attorneys suggested Farrell was at fault .
" She was a bright girl who made some mistakes in judgment ,
that 's what it comes down to , " Poulin said .
" But what 20-year-old has n't ?
The person ultimately to blame is not
Aimee .
The person to blame is Todd Wadatz . "
On Dec. 14 , nearly four years to the day after Aimee
Farrell 's death , the lawsuit was settled .
The terms are confidential
and the defendants admit no wrongdoing .
Poulin said CIS has changed no policies because of this case .
