We 've seen a tremendous amount of home refinancing over the last
year and half .
People have been cutting back on their
mortgage payments and using that excess cash that they 've taken
out of their houses as additional consumption .
Most of that refinancing that was going to happen has happened .
If people cannot refinance their houses anymore and squeeze out
any more money from their house , that 's going to slow
down consumption a bit .
That 's the one hiccup I see
in the U.S.
As I look overseas , it 's been a great party the last
12 months in Japan , Europe and the United Kingdom .
I
see it slowing down a bit .
We 're starting to trim
that back down at CalPERS.
Q : What are the opportunities in private equity ?
A: We 'll start with venture capital .
The great thing about having
the dot-com boom over with , we 're now back to venture
capital and investment basics : What 's the product ?
Who 's the management
team ?
What are the realistic growth predictions ?
These are key
things that all venture capitalists know they have to look
at .
On the LBO ( leveraged buyout ) side , we continue to see corporations
streamline and rationalize their businesses , and that 's good .
That means
they are selling off business units .
We are committing more
capital in Europe where we think opportunities are a little
better right now .
Q : What are the major proxy issues for major institutional investors
this year ?
A: Executive compensation is still No. 1 for CalPERS.
Everyone says
CalPERS is anti-pay and that 's not true .
We all favor
good pay for executives when they deliver good performance .
What we are against is executives who get paid great when
we get terrible performance .
It is very easy to make
executive pay go up , but it 's very hard to make
executive pay go down .
We 'll continue to look at shareholder proposals that offer some access
to the proxy .
We believe as owners of the company
they should have that right .
We get a lot of
resistance from corporate executives who do n't believe the owners of
companies should have access to proxy .
We are very concerned here at CalPERS about protecting the planet .
So , we are going to look at a number of
environmental initiatives .
Q : What are your plans when you join Hermes next month ?
A: There are two new challenges for me .
One is living
overseas and learning a new culture , and the second is
being the chief executive .
As the chief executive , the buck will stop with me completely
and totally .
That means I 'll bear full responsibility for all
issues associated with Hermes .
So I will now have to
start thinking more strategically about issues and focus more on
the forest and less on the trees .
There 's a natural inclination when someone comes into a new position
to try to do something right away to prove their
value and worth .
I 'm going to try to resist that
inclination .
It 's more important for me to learn the Hermes
investment process and understand their ways of doing things before
