The makers of Cialis , a prescription drug to treat erectile dysfunction ,
are changing the way they advertise it to consumers .
A campaign for Cialis that begins Wednesday , by Grey Worldwide in
New York , includes changes like having an actual doctor appear
on screen during the television commercials to recite the disclaimer
warning about side effects .
Cialis is sold by a partnership
of Eli Lilly &amp; Co. and the Icos Corp.
In altering its advertising approach , Lilly Icos joins Pfizer , the maker
of Viagra , the leading brand among prescription treatments for erectile
dysfunction .
In November , Viagra commercials were refocused to take a
more restrained approach that is centered not on the Viagra
name but on urging men to "make the call " and
discuss impotence with their doctors .
The shifts are indicative of the continuing tug of war between
supporters and opponents of prescription drug ads aimed directly at
consumers .
Such ads were prohibited until the Food and Drug
Administration relaxed its rules in 1997 .
The impotence drugs get particular attention from the critics , who object
to the open discussion of subjects like "erections lasting more
than four hours , " as well as some campaigns that seem
to play up the risque or salacious aspects of why
men want the pills .
For example , the trade publication Advertising Age reported on Monday that
concerns over campaign content are leading the National Football League
to discontinue its sponsorship deal in the category of impotence
drugs when the current contract expires on March 31 .
That
contract , with an estimated value of $ 18 million , was signed
in 2003 with Levitra , the third brand in the category ,
which is sold by Bayer , GlaxoSmithKline and Schering-Plough .
" This is a heartening trend and speaks to a truth we
all know , " said Kelly Simmons , creative director of Bubble , an
agency in Philadelphia , " that women and children are big consumers
of football , not just 50- and 60-year-old men . "
Current commercials for Levitra and Viagra avoid any mention of the
brand names .
Instead , they discuss erectile dysfunction and mention the
names of the manufacturers , which frees them from the requirement
to recite disclaimers about side effects , including the possibility of
vision impairment .
The Levitra spots describe how conditions like diabetes
and high blood pressure can affect a man 's "love life "
and direct viewers to a Web site ( mensfacts .com ) ,
which also
does not carry the Levitra name .
Executives at Lilly Icos considered joining Levitra and Viagra in running
what are called disease-state commercials , said Matthew Beebe , U.S. brand
team leader for Cialis at Lilly Icos in Indianapolis .
" But what patients and their partners are telling us is that
they want to continue to hear the facts , the benefits ,
about Cialis , " Beebe said , particularly that its effects can last
up to 36 hours .
That difference from Levitra and Viagra , which have effects typically lasting
about four hours , is a primary reason prescriptions written for
Cialis are continuing to increase , he added , compared with those
for the other drugs .
Cialis , introduced after Viagra and Levitra , accounts for about 25 percent
of prescriptions , compared with around 14 percent for Levitra and
the rest for Viagra .
The category has not been growing
as much as drug makers and Wall Street analysts expected ,
considering it includes several high-profile brands that are each spending
tens of millions of dollars a year on marketing .
The doctor appearing in the Cialis commercials , identified on screen as
Jack Barkin , is a urologist and surgeon who is director
of the Male Health Center in Toronto , Beebe said .
" We
looked around for someone with the skill set and credibility , "
Beebe said , adding : " He was our first pick .
And the
only pick . "
Another change in Cialis advertising is to give doctors more of
a presence on the brand 's Web site ( cialis.com ) .
Also , ads
for Cialis are now running only in places where 90
percent or more of the audience members are adults , up
from a previous minimum of 80 percent .
Pfizer made the
same change last fall for Viagra .
The changes mean that commercials for Cialis and Viagra will not
appear during Super Bowls , where children make up 10 percent
to 15 percent of the audience each year .
Complaints about
the contents of spots for erectile dysfunction drugs increased after
Cialis and Levitra advertised during Super Bowl XXXVIII in 2004 ;
Cialis returned last year .
None of the three are among
the advertisers listed for Super Bowl XL on Feb. 5 .
For all the changes in the Cialis commercials , many elements remain
from previous ads , including slogans like " When the moment is
right , will you be ready ? "
and the mnemonic device of
showing a man and woman keeping company by soaking in
side-by-side tubs .
" This is what research tells us is right for the brand , "
said Millicent Badillo , senior vice president at Grey Worldwide , part
of the Grey Global Group unit of the WPP Group ,
because "although this affects the man , it also affects the
partner . "
" With people leading busy , stressful lives , they may not always be
in sync with their partners , " she added .
" The tubs continue
to tell our target : ' Do n't worry , the pressure is off .
You can relax .
It 's not like a parking meter . " '
The concerns about the contents of ads for impotence drugs may
benefit Cialis because it has from its introduction in January
2004 avoided saucy or ribald sales pitches .
" We always said that if we get too close to the
act , " Badillo said , " we 're in the wrong place . "
