It is no secret that some women who take birth control
pills lose interest in sex .
They have been reporting this
side effect to their doctors since oral contraceptives came into
wide use 40 years ago .
" Little by little , my boyfriend and I started noticing that I
was just never in the mood .
Never , " said Cody , a
27-year-old San Francisco woman , who asked that her last name
not be used for reasons of privacy .
Some studies have also indicated that the pill can decrease the
frequency of some women 's sexual thoughts , make becoming aroused more
difficult , or decrease lubrication , making sex painful .
Yet the possibility that there may be a link between oral
contraceptives and desire will surprise many women .
Few doctors bring
it up when they prescribe the pill , and package inserts
do not mention it .
Doctors say this is not necessarily an oversight .
Giving any clear
warning about sexual side effects is difficult , they say , because
birth control pills affect women in different ways .
" Some women will have a decrease in sex drive while they 're
on the birth control pill , and some will have an
increase , " said Dr. Paul Stumpf , a reproductive endocrinologist at the
Newark Beth Israel Medical Center .
Now a controversial new study suggests that the pill not only
suppresses desire , but can also do so for months after
a woman stops taking it , by raising levels of a
certain protein .
According to Dr. Irwin Goldstein , a co-author of
the study and the editor in chief of The Journal
of Sexual Medicine , which published the report , the findings may
explain what he has long observed in women on oral
contraceptives .
" When they stopped taking the pill , we fully expected their sexual
function to recover , " said Goldstein , a urologist in Boston .
" But
we were n't seeing that . "
Other experts question the idea that a single protein could have
such a central role in women 's sexual desire , and they
remain doubtful that the pill could have a lasting effect .
They say more research is needed .
" There 's been limited attention paid to this area , " said Dr. David
F.
Archer , a reproductive endocrinologist at the Eastern Virginia Medical
School in Norfolk .
Some 11.6 million women in the United States , 19 percent of
those 15 to 44 years old , take birth control pills ,
according to a survey in 2002 by the National Center
for Health Statistics .
Eighty-two percent have used the pills at
some time .
Some specialists in sexual medicine say doctors should not prescribe a
drug to prevent pregnancy without letting women know that it
may decrease their interest in sex .
" I think there 's been a serious neglect on the part of
the medical profession and the pharmaceutical industry , " said Dr. John
Bancroft , a senior research fellow at the Kinsey Institute at
Indiana University , who lives near Oxford , England .
" We 've been trying
to bang this drum for quite some time . "
But some
doctors who prescribe oral contraceptives said that if they were
to discuss sexual dysfunction , they might influence patients ' expectations , setting
off the problem .
Bancroft 's research indicates that at least one user of oral contraceptives
in four has sexual side effects .
Archer estimates , based on what he calls the "very sparse literature , "
that 5 percent of women quit the pill because of
side effects .
A larger percentage may notice lowered libido , but
keep taking the pill anyway , he said .
Sometimes it helps if a woman switches to a different pill ,
doctors say .
The effects on sexual function may stem from the effects of
the pill on testosterone , which is thought to help drive
women 's sexual desire .
Oral contraceptives block testosterone production in the
ovaries and increase the production in the liver of sex
hormone binding globulin , a protein that attaches to much of
the free testosterone in the blood , rendering it inactive .
That protein is the one that Goldstein and his colleagues found
elevated in women who quit birth control pills .
The researchers
looked at the records of 124 women who had visited
Goldstein 's clinic complaining of sexual dysfunction .
Some were taking the pill , some had stopped , and some had
never used it .
Those taking the pill had levels of
sex hormone binding globulin four times as high as those
who never used it .
The levels fell in 26 women
who had quit , but for at least four months their
levels remained roughly twice as high as in women who
had never used the pill .
Bancroft has found contradictory evidence .
In a study that is under way , he has measured
sex-hormone-binding globulin in women who have taken the pill in
the past and has found their levels to be normal .
Bancroft plans to measure testosterone levels before and after subjects start
taking contraceptives .
In past research , measuring testosterone levels in the
blood has not shown a direct correlation with sexual interest .
" Women who have said , ' I have no interest in sex , '
can have a serum testosterone level in the high normal
range , " Archer said .
Perhaps , he added , something besides testosterone is at work .
Evidence suggests ,
for example , that the progesterone in birth control pills may
alter libido .
Emotions and personal circumstances also matter .
A woman
may lose interest in sex because she is under stress
or because she is not attracted to her partner .
Stumpf compared sexual side effects to weight gain .
Women on birth
control pills often add a few pounds over the years .
Yet many women who do not take contraceptives gain weight
as they age , too .
It is the same with libido , he said , adding , " Sex drive
has dozens of dials and switches and connections . "
