Almost three weeks ago , poultry started dying in
biblical numbers in Diyadin , a village near here in eastern
Turkey , said Mehmet Yenigun , who lives in Diyadin .
Within two
days , all the birds in the village , thousands of them ,
were dead .
Alarmed farmers rushed to local officials to report the plague and
to seek help .
One official was away on vacation .
Another ,
the regional veterinarian , said someone would come to investigate .
Farmers
were told not to worry , Yenigun recalled .
Like most of his neighbors , Yenigun did what farmers have done
for centuries in these hills .
He , his wife and their
six children plucked and ate their 12 dead birds .
He
threw two pigeons over the fence .
" I do n't know , maybe
dogs carried them off , " he said , possibly spreading infection elsewhere .
This weekend Turkish officials finally reported an outbreak of bird flu
in Agri province , which includes Diyadin , though they have not
yet reported one in Diyadin itself .
The slow response has helped the disease take hold in the
vast eastern reaches of Turkey , allowing the disease to move
from village to village unchecked and -- within the last
week -- from birds to people , as well .
Fourteen human
cases are now confirmed in the country , although five reported
by the Health Ministry on Monday are considered "preliminary positives "
by the World Health Organization , said Maria Cheng , an agency
spokeswoman .
None of Yenigun 's six children fell ill .
But here in Dogubayazit ,
Zeki Kocyigit and his wife have buried three of their
four children , dead from bird flu .
The fourth , a 5-year-old
who is presumed to have caught the disease from playing
with the family 's eight birds , returned home Monday night after
more than a week in the hospital .
" The unfortunate thing about Turkey is that people died before officials
realized that there was bird flu in the regions , " said
Dr.
Ahmet Faik Oner , head of pediatrics at Van Hospital ,
who took care of the three siblings who died and
is now treating seven people with confirmed cases of bird
flu .
" If the outbreak was noticed earlier and necessary precautions
were taken immediately , things could have developed differently . "
Sitting on a bed in her tidy cement two-room house on
the outskirts of this bustling town bordering Iran , Mrs. Kocyigit
shook her head and sobbed .
Mr. Kocyigit later said they
had not heard of bird flu in late December when
their children fell ill .
" Of course , my children played with our chickens , " he said .
" They
are children . "
