against the impeachment of President Clinton .
President Bush , strategists say , needs to be careful not to anger
his conservative base , as he did when he proposed a
guest-worker immigrant program .
Immigration , officials say , is an issue he
will continue to approach gingerly , mostly talking broadly about border
security .
Fiscal conservatives remain angry about high deficits and the levels of
government spending , so the president is unlikely to make any
expensive policy proposals in his State of the Union speech ,
officials say .
Sweeping tax reform plans could also splinter the
base and will probably be avoided , they add .
Still , Bush is drawn to soaring rhetoric and big ideas , and
is unlikely to turn his address into a laundry list
of programmatic changes .
" The president is guided by a very visionary approach to governance
and that 's not going to change , " said Wallace .
" He 's not
going to be a Mr. School Uniform president , " she added
in a reference to President Clinton 's onetime list of symbolic
rather than costly initiatives .
At the same time , in order to hold onto Congress , Bush
will need to regain ground among voters in the middle
who have turned against him since 2004 , strategists say .
Polls
have shown that Bush 's standing is especially weak with seniors ,
who turn out in higher numbers than other groups during
midterm elections .
Many seniors were alarmed by Bush 's Social Security reform proposal , which
has since been put on the back burner .
Seniors are
also the demographic group most opposed to the war in
Iraq , according to GOP pollster Bill McInturff .
The president 's vision on Iraq "is going to have to become
concrete reality , " said Bond . " He 's going to have to show
seniors that the war is paying off , that Iraqis are
taking over their own security , that troops are coming home .
I think he 's on the cusp of that . "
Suburban women - concerned about education , the economy , and the war
- are also a weak spot for the president , said
McInturff .
He added that Bush gained support among elderly and
suburban women voters between 2000 and 2004 , so presidential appeals
to both groups can work .
And to do that , Bush is returning to more moderate ideas
and talk .
" The soft rhetoric of compassionate conservatism sits better
with ordinary citizens than the big changes he wants , " said
Mann .
But playing nice in order to attract centrist voters is not
the only tactic in the White House deck .
Republican strategists , mindful of the upcoming November election , will also look
for opportunities to trap Democrats on Capitol Hill into potentially
embarrassing votes , just as they did when Republican House leaders
forced a vote after Representative John Murtha , a Pennsylvania Democrat
and Marine veteran , proposed a withdrawal of troops from Iraq .
One area where the White House believes it has staunch public
support is the disclosure that the administration , in pursuing terrorists ,
has wiretapped Americans without a court order .
Republicans say they
will win any vote that pits physical security against privacy
concerns .
Democrats , meanwhile , will try to use the burgeoning ethics scandals to
