Men who have been screened for prostate cancer by the most
commonly used tests have no greater chance of surviving the
disease than those who have not been screened at all ,
new research has found .
A report on the research , published Monday in The Archives of
Internal Medicine , found that neither a prostate specific antigen test ,
known as a PSA , nor a rectal examination worked to
reduce deaths from prostate cancer .
The value of the screening has long been a matter of
debate .
A PSA level can be abnormal even when a
man does not have prostate cancer .
But when an abnormal
PSA level is discovered , typically the next step is a
biopsy .
Even a biopsy is inconclusive , however .
The tissue sample from a
negative screening , for example , may by chance have come from
a part of the prostate that is free of cancerous
cells .
Even if a cancer is found , an operation , which often causes
erectile dysfunction and incontinence as side effects , may not be
necessary since many cancers are so slow growing that they
will never cause a problem .
Dr.
John Concato , a researcher at the Veterans Affairs Connecticut Healthcare
System and the lead author on the paper , stressed that
a physician was obligated to clarify all the issues for
patients .
" He should explain the benefits and risks , in the context of
each patient 's values , " Concato said .
" For example , some patients place
such a high premium on avoiding incontinence and impotence that
a positive PSA test can be problematic . "
The research involved nearly 72,000 men over 50 who received outpatient
care at any of 10 Veterans Affairs hospitals in New
England .
Of this group , the scientists identified 1,425 men with prostate cancer
that was diagnosed from 1991 to 1995 and then studied
the records of 501 patients who had died of the
disease as of 1999 .
For each case , the researchers randomly selected a living patient to
be part of a control group .
Screening with PSA had been performed for 70 of the men
who died and for 65 men in the control group
used for comparison .
If screening had been effective , a lower proportion of screened patients
would have been found among the group of men who
had died .
But this was not the case .
An editorial accompanying the report states that 78 percent of male
primary care physicians and 95 percent of urologists over 50
have themselves had at least one PSA screening , so they
apparently have decided that the test is useful .
" Many urologists and other physicians have received the PSA test , perhaps
because they do n't consider the issue of screening to be
uncertain , " said Concato .
" They believe the test works , but our
results do n't support that position . "
Dr.
Michael J. Barry , the author of the editorial and an
associate professor of medicine at Harvard , said that a doctor 's
personal decision to have the test or to decline it
need not affect his ability to inform a patient properly .
" Whatever the doctor 's beliefs , he should still be capable of giving
a patient enough objective information to arrive at an informed
conclusion for himself , " Barry said in an e-mail message .
" I think it 's quite feasible to present the pros and cons
of a medical intervention like a PSA test and have
the patient reach a different decision than the doctor would , "
he continued .
Barry said that at age 52 , he had not had a
PSA test himself , but he added that he routinely presented
the option to his patients .
" After a discussion , " he said ,
"many decide to go ahead and be tested . "
The authors said their study was carefully controlled to eliminate bias
and included a large population , increasing the validity of the
results .
At the same time , they acknowledged that there are good studies
with different findings , and that more research would be needed
to settle the question of whether prostate cancer screening does
more harm than good , or the reverse .
