Probably no one should be surprised that federal authorities would mark
the anniversary of Whitey Bulger 's disappearance in such a low-key
fashion last week .
There were no press conferences , no dramatic announcements or updates , just
a three-paragraph release assuring the world that the FBI and
other agencies remain on the case .
Bulger 's former criminal protégé , Kevin Weeks , theorized to the Globe 's Shelley
Murphy that Boston 's most legendary mobster has been marooned in
Europe since the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks , which is probably
as valid a theory as we 're likely to hear .
Weeks ,
after all , was the mobster 's surrogate son .
There 's something anticlimactic about these anniversaries , these nonupdates to one of
the most dramatic tales in the city 's recent history .
If
there 's one thing James J. Bulger never was in his
presence , it was monotonous .
Yet that is exactly what he
has become in his extended absence .
One thing has changed in his decade-plus on the lam : His
cult of personality , the blood-soaked romance of his exploits , has
utterly collapsed .
Few kid themselves anymore that Bulger kept the
drugs out of South Boston , or kept its streets safe
with his unique brand of do-it-yourself justice .
As that image
has receded , as the keepers of the flame have faded
away and 19 murder indictments are what 's left of his
legacy , Bulger has come to be seen for what he
really is .
If he 's returned to Boston , it 'll be as
a serial killer - that 's if there 's a return at
all , which has to be considered less likely than it
was a decade ago .
Meanwhile , his exile has taken police on a wild ride from
California to Chicago to Uruguay to New Zealand .
I 've always been amused by the story of his brief , early-exile
stay in Louisiana , where he befriended his neighbors and bought
one couple a washing machine before his instincts told him
it was time to move on .
Just think : For him
the ultimate disguise was as a nice guy .
As some predicted at the time of his last vanishing act ,
Bulger 's everyman appearance has proved to be a nightmare for
investigators .
He has been sighted everywhere , and nowhere .
On nearly
every continent someone has thought they may have seen him ,
one dead end after another .
Coincidentally or not , his time in flight has been difficult for
many of those close to him .
His equally famous brother ,
William M. Bulger , has left politics and been driven from
the presidency of the University of Massachusetts .
Another brother , Jackie ,
is embroiled in a long fight to have his $ 65,000-a-year
state pension restored after his convictions for perjury and obstruction
of justice .
Former FBI agent John Connolly is serving time
on a racketeering conviction , and has been indicted for murder .
Stephen " The Rifleman " Flemmi is serving a life sentence and
cooperating with the authorities .
Weeks , who served five years in
prison , is writing a book .
When Whitey Bulger went down ,
a lot of people went with him .
Pity the poor investigators , chasing a man who has been hiding
from the police for decades .
If there is anyone who
knows where and how to hide , it 's him .
But that sympathy has to pale next to the suffering of
the survivors of his many alleged victims .
For them , anniversary
is probably too cheery a word to describe these annual
reminders of law enforcement futility .
Catching Whitey still matters , of course .
Now that the world knows
how he manipulated the FBI to facilitate his felonious career ,
and how thoroughly certain officials sold out their public trust
on his behalf , we need the public accounting that only
a trial can bring .
And there 's the more personal accounting , too .
His victims - the
survivors of his victims are , themselves , victims - deserve the
day they can face him in court .
Not much is left in Boston of the mob culture that
made Whitey Bulger possible .
The whole notion has become an
anachronism .
One of the few remaining pieces is the search
for Bulger .
His capture will be its epilogue , and it
ca n't come soon enough .
Adrian Walker is a Globe columnist .
He can be reached at
walkerglobe .com .
