Crazy families .
Singles lookin' for love in the
city .
Flashy scenery , hustlers and bikini babes .
Buddy comedies .
Procedural
crime dramas .
Old TV stars dusted off for new roles .
Forgotten TV stars competing for viewer votes .
More of the
same .
If you 're looking for the next " My Name Is
Earl " among this year 's midseason major network debuts , you 're in
for a disappointment .
The closest thing to a groundbreaker is
NBC 's " The Book of Daniel , " and it 's definitely not " Earl"-caliber .
a batch of 10 that make their debuts this month .
Here 's
a look at the best .
THE BOOK OF DANIEL
( Aidan Quinn , who is excellent ) may have a bit too much
" Desperate Housewives " in it for its own good , but it
packs a surprising amount of " Father Knows Best " if you
can see past the drugs , booze , illicit sexual affairs and
gay issues .
played with zen calm by Garret Dillahunt of " Deadwood . "
Any minute ,
you expect him to preface his advice to Rev. Daniel
Webster with " Dude . "
dialogue ) , but there 's kindness in its heart , and it 's funny when
it works .
is scheduled to run through Feb. 3 , and it 's worth a
look .
IN JUSTICE
Swain , a loopy lawyer in the William Shatner " Boston Legal " vein .
David is a big-time California attorney and media hog who
gets bored with his corporate practice and opens the National
Justice Project , dedicated to clearing prisoners who were wrongly convicted .
laugh-out-loud funny when the writing allows , as when he gets revenge
for an unjustified body cavity search at the airport .
speeches and name recognition .
The heavy lifting is done by a
cute , youthful investigative crew that gets distracted by all the
" Grey 's Anatomy"-like sexual tension .
Brothers " ) as lead investigator Charles Conti .
Charles once put an innocent
man in jail for a crime he did n't commit , and
he feels responsible for the man 's suicide .
shines a little light on the inequities of the justice system
ca n't be all bad .
And it 's refreshingly light on the
gore -- for once , a procedural crime drama that does n't
involve a bone saw .
traceable to " Arrested Development , " the woefully underappreciated and recently canceled Fox
series .
Although " Crumbs " is n't quite in the same league , it 's
far better than the shows it more closely resembles , CBS '
" Out of Practice " and the WB 's " Twins . "
( " The Wonder Years " ) plays Mitch Crumb , a successful Hollywood screenwriter who
comes back to Connecticut to help run his family 's restaurant
after his father ( William Devane ) abandons the business and Mitch 's
mother for a younger woman .
who has suffered an emotional breakdown over the breakup , and try
to mend his relationship with brother Jody ( Eddie McClintlock ) , who
resents the reappearance of the big-shot prodigal son .
wrote a hit screenplay based on the real-life drowning death of
their brother years ago .
And Jody does n't know that Mitch
is gay .
real family .
Savage and McClintlock riff particularly well .
When Jody holds
Mitch down , smothers him with a stinky shoe , then boasts ,
" That , my friend , is the pow-ah of the sneak-ah ! "
you
want to send them both off to their rooms , after
you 've finished laughing .
SOUTH BEACH
Wednesday , UPN
mean streets of Brooklyn for the scenic mean streets of Miami
in this crime-and-intrigue drama co-executive-produced by Jennifer Lopez .
There , among
the legions of scantily clad females , they find Matt 's old
girlfriend , Arielle ( Odette Yustman ) , a model who is now involved
with a shady hotel businessman named Alex ( Lee Thompson Young ) .
girl ) , Alex gives them jobs at the Hotel Soleil , which is
owned by his tough-minded mom , Elizabeth Bauer ( Vanessa Williams ) .
Esposito ) is mobbed up , and in the first episode , he and
his crew give a traitorous bodyguard a burial at sea
a la " The Sopranos . "
potential in Vincent , and soon Vincent is working for him on
the grunt level .
Matt , meanwhile , is taken into Elizabeth 's circle .
for an interesting story down the line , and Esposito is fun
as the villain .
The hip-hop soundtrack bangs nicely , and yes ,
everybody looks real pretty .
If nothing else , the series gives
you a painless way to kill an hour .
