After clambering out of a second-story window on
Saturday , Kimie Kuwahara , 80 , stood atop the 10-foot-high wall of
snow surrounding her house .
She surveyed this region called the snow country -- the starkly
white mountain range that spread out in the distance behind
her , the record snowfall that had blanketed all but the
triangle-shaped roofs in her neighborhood .
Pushing a plowlike shovel with both hands , Kuwahara was busy clearing
the fresh powder to a recessed pile several feet away
under which , she swore , lay a pond with carp .
" It 's a never-ending job ! " said Kuwahara , who had left a "village
on the other side of the mountain " to come to
this town as a bride a half-century ago .
" After you 've
cleared the snow , the place is covered with snow again
two days later . "
Kuwahara , who maintained that snow-clearing had kept her the "fittest person
in the neighborhood , " said cheerfully : " Ah !
The snow country !
What
can you do ? "
The snow country , ensconced between the Sea of Japan and the
Japanese alps , is one of the world 's snowiest regions and
typically lies under a dozen feet of snow for several
months a year .
But the coldest winter in decades has
brought record snowfalls to the region in recent weeks .
The snow has buried cars and houses and trifled with Japan 's
famed bullet trains .
It has flanked plowed streets with 10-foot-high
walls of snow and transformed towns into white labyrinths inside
which human beings scurry as if they were mice .
The town of Tsunan here in Niigata Prefecture , lay under nearly
13 feet of snow in recent days .
Old-timers say it
is the heaviest snowfall since 1945 , a year remembered here
as much as for its 23 feet of snow as
for the end of World War II .
Snowbound and enveloped in darkness for months , the snow country is
part of the less developed "backside of Japan , " as it
is called , in contrast to its "front side , " which faces
the Pacific .
Until the advent of regular snow removal in the 1960s , roads
became impassable to cars and walking to Tokamachi , less than
10 miles away , took five hours .
The snow was piled
so high that people were forced to climb out of
their homes .
Shigeno Tamura most remembered seeing the boots of
pedestrians at the top of her house 's ground-floor windows .
Still , not all the memories are of hardship .
" When we were young , we played by playing jump-rope over power
lines , " recalled Fumi Kazamaki , 66 .
" We lived by using the positive aspects of snow , " she said ,
adding that the snow bound the community together .
Children nowadays
stay indoors when it snows to play video games , she
said , but in the past they made igloos .
" I remember
the light of the candle inside the igloo .
It was
like a fairy tale . "
" We lived in the snow itself in those days , " she added .
" Now we live by conquering the snow . "
