Cox News Service INDIANAPOLIS -- NFL teams have to interview a
minority candidate every time they hire a head coach .
It 's
a rule .
And black coaches led 19 percent of the
league 's teams this season .
schools .
And black coaches fill only 4 percent of Division I-A
football head coaching jobs .
Experts can argue whether there 's a cause-effect relationship and how strong
it is , but you 'll get no argument from NCAA officials
about this : They 've got a problem , and they need to
find creative and effective ways to fix it .
The people who coach and run college sports are overwhelmingly white
and male .
All 11 Division I-A conference commissioners are white
men .
While a quarter of the men playing Division I
sports are black , only one of every 14 Division I
male head coaches is black .
There are more men coaching
women than women coaching women .
NCAA president Myles Brand called the lack of black head football
coaches "intolerable " and the lack of women and minority athletics
directors and conference commissioners "egregious . "
He has formed a task
force to do something about it .
Georgia athletics director Damon Evans and Georgia Tech men 's basketball coach
Paul Hewitt are among the 40 people charged with tackling
the issue , and NCAA vice president Charlotte Westerhaus pledged Sunday
that their work wo n't lead to a report put on
a shelf to gather dust .
" It will not be rhetoric .
It will not be aspirational .
It
will have goals that can be countable , " said Westerhaus , who
is chairing the task force along with former Ohio State
athletics director Andy Geiger .
Westerhaus , hired in August to head the NCAA 's newly created office
for diversity and inclusion , said colleges and conferences want to
hire more black coaches and administrators but do n't know how
to do it .
" Institutions are looking for a road map , strategies , best practices , " she
said .
" Diversity is a core value , but there is no
step-by-step system .
They want a list of things to do
that work . "
One thing that works in Divisions II and III is a
program where the NCAA subsidizes the salaries of women and
minorities in new administrative jobs or jobs with enhanced responsibilities .
The Strategic Alliance Matching Grant pays 75 percent of a
salary the first year , 50 percent the second and 25
percent the third .
The NCAA awarded 16 of those grants
in 2005 .
Schools in Georgia have taken a lead in minority hiring .
Georgia
State athletics director Mary McElroy , formerly senior women 's administrator at
Georgia Tech , is Division I 's only black woman athletics director
not working at a historically black college .
Georgia has a
black athletics director and a black senior women 's administrator , Damon
Evans and Carla Williams .
University of Georgia President Michael Adams said he has made an
effort to hire minorities throughout his 24 years as a
senior administrator .
" It 's getting easier , because minorities are better educated and better prepared
now than they were 24 years ago , " Adams said .
" We 've
made [hiring minorities ] a priority .
We 've put out a broad
national net , and I think we 've developed a reputation as
a good place for African-Americans to be . "
Adams said the answer is n't hiring quotas but ensuring minority candidates
are a part of every job search .
He said he
encourages search committees and headhunters to bring at least one
minority candidate to campus .
Another approach is establishing training programs to expand the pool of
qualified minority applicants .
McElroy , for example , graduated from the Sports
Management Institute , a business program for athletics administrators .
" It exposes some mid - to senior-level administrators to athletic director-type situations , "
McElroy said .
Westerhaus warned , however , that training programs do n't help unless their graduates
get jobs .
" Once they graduate from these programs , what we see is still
no indication of progress , " she said .
" Racial or gender equity
has either declined or remained stagnant over a long period
of time .
This is a huge issue . "
" The opportunities are still few and far between , " McElroy said .
" More
people are getting interviews .
" Realistically , I do n't know that the major schools are really looking
at minority females for AD jobs .
It starts with the
exposure .
You grow from exposure to opportunity . "
Westerhaus celebrated McElroy 's hiring and pledged to get her featured in
the February issue of NCAA News , the organization 's newsletter .
But
Westerhaus said the challenge is to create a structure in
which many minorities and women are hired for important jobs .
" Substantive change that is retained is never done quickly , " Westerhaus said .
" We want to make changes that will stick .
We do n't
want to just grab headlines with ones and twos . "
Mike Knobler writes for the Atlanta Journal-Constitution . E-mail : mknobler AT ajc.com
