Though Alito 's decision in Casey was careful , technical and reflected an
effort to interpret the Supreme Court 's confusing abortion jurisprudence at
the time , the fact that he found himself on the
losing side of the most important abortion case since Roe
will doubtless prompt many questions .
So , too , will a statement Alito made in a 1985 job
application for a position in the Justice Department .
He said
he was proud to have helped advance "legal positions in
which I personally believe very strongly . "
One of those positions ,
he said , was that " the Constitution does not protect a
right to an abortion . "
While Roberts was one of nine government lawyers who signed a
brief urging the Supreme Court to overturn Roe , he said
that positions he took as an advocate were not necessarily
his own .
Alito may find it harder to distance himself ,
should he wish to , from his Casey dissent and his
personal statement in 1985 .
PRESIDENTIAL POWER
Specter , in prepared remarks to be presented Monday , said , " This hearing
comes at a time of great national concern about the
balance between civil rights and the president 's national security authority , "
a reference to the domestic surveillance program .
There is , he
said , an apparent conflict between " the president 's constitutional war powers
as commander in chief to conduct electronic surveillance " and " congressional
legislation in the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act . "
In September , Sen. Patrick J. Leahy , the ranking Democrat on the
Judiciary Committee , asked Roberts about the scope of presidential power
in the context of a 2002 Justice Department legal memorandum
concerning harsh interrogations that were arguably forbidden by federal law .
The Bush administration had by then disavowed aspects of the
memorandum , but Leahy wanted to know about one of its
more abstract assertions .
" Congress can no more interfere , " the memorandum said , " with the president 's
conduct of interrogations of enemy combatants than it can dictate
strategic or tactical decisions on the battlefield . "
The Bush administration
has made similar arguments in connection with the surveillance program .
Roberts said the framework for analyzing the question of whether the
president had exceeded his authority was in a concurring opinion
by Justice Robert H. Jackson in a 1952 decision rejecting
President Harry S. Truman 's assertion that he had the inherent
constitutional authority to seize private steel mills as a matter
of national security during the Korean War .
" Where the president is acting contrary to congressional authority , " Roberts said ,
"what Justice Jackson said is , the president 's authority is at
its lowest ebb . "
It is not clear whether Alito will also endorse Jackson 's approach .
In a 2001 speech to the Federalist Society , a conservative
legal group , Alito spoke in favor of vigorous and expansive
executive power .
As a government lawyer , too , he frequently argued
for a broad interpretation of executive authority .
CONGRESSIONAL AUTHORITY
Perhaps no issue engaged the senators questioning Roberts more than a
series of recent Supreme Court decisions limiting the ability of
Congress to make federal law binding on the states or ,
sometimes , to legislate on a subject at all .
