Cox News Service ATLANTA -- Not that long ago -- in
2004 -- Wayne Gretzky proclaimed the 50-goal scorer nearly extinct .
and Calgary 's Jarome Iginla tied for the NHL lead with 41
goals .
It 's a brand new world .
This season , Kovalchuk is on pace to become the league 's first
60-goal scorer since 1995-96 , when Mario Lemieux and Jaromir Jagr
accomplished the feat .
The 22-year-old leads the league with 32
goals in 40 games .
With 38 games remaining , he is
on a pace to score 62 .
He is also on
pace for 120 points , something that has n't been done since
2001 , also by Jagr .
Kovalchuk , named the NHL 's offensive player of the week on Monday ,
has scored nine times in his past five games .
If Kovalchuk can hit the rarefied air of 60 , he would
join a club that has 18 members , eight of which
are in the Hall of Fame .
Seven others are either
recently retired or active , a group that probably includes at
least three future Hall of Famers .
Kovalchuk is reluctant to talk about individual goals , saying the most
important thing for him is to make the playoffs .
He
does acknowledge what it means to score 50 , the magical
number first achieved by Montreal 's legendary Maurice " Rocket " Richard in
the 1944-45 season when the NHL played 50 games .
" When you score the 50 it takes you to the next
level , " Kovalchuk said on a conference call Monday .
Currently , there are seven players on pace to score 50 goals .
Now , for some historical perspective .
The 50-goal scorer 's heyday was in
the 1980s , when the feat was performed 76 times .
After
1992-93 -- when a record 14 players hit the 50-goal
plateau -- the number began to shrink .
In this decade , six players have reached 50 , but none since
Colorado 's Milan Hejduk scored 50 in 2002-03 .
Thrashers general manager Don Waddell sits on the NHL 's competition committee ,
which recommended the rules changes that took effect with the
league 's new collective bargaining agreement .
He said they 're having their
intended effect .
" Certainly , " he said .
" The idea was to open up the games
and let the skilled players be the best players they
can be .
The results reflect that . "
Kovalchuk was asked why so many players are on a pace
to score 50 goals .
" Because you got more chances in the game right now , " he
said .
" More room , more space .
The guys like [Carolina 's Eric ]
Staal , [the New York Rangers ' Jaromir ] Jagr , very skilled guys .
I think it 's easier for you to score right now .
You have more power plays .
I think that 's why . "
Thrasher Peter Bondra has scored 50 goals twice in his career .
He noted the importance of teammates in helping a player
reach that mark .
" With Kovy 's shot , if a goalie loses vision of the puck ,
it 's hard with that speed of the puck to track
it back , " Bondra said .
" No way ; he cannot do it .
Definitely , Kovy 's benefiting from a couple of unselfish plays from
teammates in front of the net .
But you have to
use your best players .
He 's the right man in the
right spot . "
Bondra said he never had the mentality of trying to score
50 .
" If I want to score the second goal , I have to
score the first , " he said .
" You try to play your
best and play the game to win the game .
The
goals will come . "
Kovalchuk seems to have that mind-set .
Coinciding with a five-game losing
streak from Nov. 29-Dec.
6 that left the team six
games under .500
before its current 10-2-3 run , he endured
a six-game goal-less run .
Now , he ranks second in the
league in points .
" He 's bought into what [coach Bob Hartley ] has told him , " Waddell
said .
" He wo n't ever be a great defensive player , but
he can be a responsible player .
You saw him score
that empty-net goal [ Friday ] because Bob felt he could put
him in that situation . "
If Kovalchuk continues on his current pace and breaks 60 , he
will join the two Russians to do so , Alexander Mogilny
and Pavel Bure .
Kovalchuk said he first saw NHL hockey
in 1994 when he became a fan of Bure , who
starred for Vancouver in the Stanley Cup finals .
" That 's going to be great , " he said , " but the most important
thing for me , you know what it is . "
Playoffs .
John Manasso writes for the Atlanta Journal-Constitution . E-mail : jmanasso AT ajc.com
