A 28-year-old freelance reporter on assignment in Iraq for a Boston-based
newspaper was abducted by gunmen in Baghdad over the weekend
and remains missing , with US and Iraqi authorities Monday scouring
the war-torn city in search of her .
Jill Carroll , who was working for the Christian Science Monitor , moved
to Iraq three years ago , drumming up freelance work through
sheer enterprise , all the while acutely aware that the region
was growing more precarious for Westerners .
Carroll , a 1999 graduate of the University of Massachusetts , was on
her way to interview a prominent Sunni Arab politician in
a Baghdad slum when five or six armed men ambushed
her party , the Monitor said .
The men fatally shot her
translator and abducted Carroll .
Her driver escaped without injury .
By Monday , the kidnappers had not contacted authorities or issued any
demands .
" The ministry is working on this issue and investigations and searches
are underway .
We are gathering information through our sources and
we cannot say more , " said General Mahdi al-Gharawi , commander of
the Iraqi Interior Ministry 's public order forces .
Carroll wrote mostly for the Monitor , but also did work for
US News &amp; World Report and an Italian news agency .
She had freelanced for the Globe while living in Massachusetts .
Several news outlets , including the Globe , withheld stories about Carroll 's disappearance
over the weekend to help facilitate quiet negotiations for her
release .
But with her kidnappers still incommunicado Monday , the Monitor
issued a public statement urging her release .
" Jill 's ability to help others understand the issues facing all groups
in Iraq has been invaluable .
We are urgently seeking information
about Ms. Carroll and are pursuing every avenue to secure
her release , " Richard Bergenheim , the editor of the Monitor , said
in the release .
Insurgents have kidnapped at least 36 journalists in Iraq since April
2004 and killed six of them , according to the Committee
to Protect Journalists .
" We call on whoever is holding Carroll to release her at
once , " said Ann Cooper , the group 's executive director .
The Monitor quoted Carroll 's driver as saying he saw a group
appear suddenly , " as if they had come from the sky . "
" One guy attracted my attention .
He jumped in front of me
screaming , 'Stop !
Stop ! Stop ! ' with his left hand up and
a pistol in his right hand , " said the driver , who
was not identified .
Editors at the Monitor said Carroll was an intrepid and savvy
correspondent who delivered impassioned but balanced dispatches from Iraq .
" She 's a very professional , straight-up , fact-oriented reporter , " said managing editor Marshall
Ingwerson .
Unlike most reporters in Iraq who have the backing of major
news organizations , Carroll ventured into the conflict on her own .
" You 'd rather jump off a cliff than cover one more zoning
board meeting , " she wrote in the February-March 2005 issue of
the American Journalism Review , explaining her decision to go to
Iraq .
Carroll studied journalism at UMass-Amherst 's journalism school .
" She knew right from the beginning she wanted to be a
foreign correspondent , a war correspondent , " said Karen List , chairwoman of
the program .
" It 's really quite remarkable because most students who
graduate with a journalism degree go to work at a
small paper .
So , she went on her own and she
started to freelance and now she 's doing very well and
writing for a number of different outlets .
She was very
driven . "
Carroll 's parents live in Ann Arbor , Mich. , and could not be
reached for comment .
She moved to Jordan six months before
the Iraq war began to familiarize herself with the Muslim
world .
" All I ever wanted to be was a foreign correspondent , " she
wrote in the American Journalism Review .
" It seemed the right
time to try to make it happen . "
Several times last year , Carroll , who is fluent in Arabic , wrote
articles describing the tension and fear enveloping Baghdad .
She walked
around Iraq in a full headscarf , aware that her foreigner
status could get her killed .
" After a terrifying fall when kidnapping and beheading became common , many
journalists and freelancers had left , " Carroll wrote on her Monitor
weblog in January 2005 .
" There are only a few of
the old stalwart freelancers around now .
I ca n't walk in
the streets anymore or drop into a shop or a
market to talk to average Iraqis .
The whole atmosphere has
changed , charged with hostility and fear . "
Carroll 's sister , Kathryn , operates a weblog called " Lady of Arabia , " that
documented her sister 's exploits .
Kathryn Carroll , in an entry Thursday ,
wrote : " Jill finally sent some photos and these are great !
Be sure to notice the blast walls to Jill 's left
by the xmas tree .
At least we know there 's some
protection there ! "
Material from wire services was used in this report .
