Twelve Americans were believed to have been killed
late on Saturday night when an Army UH-60 Black Hawk
helicopter crashed in northern Iraq between the restive cities of
Tal Afar and Mosul .
Bad weather was thought to have played at least some role
in the crash , but by Sunday evening the military had
not ruled out any possible cause or said whether hostile
fire was involved .
The crash came as the military reported that five Marines were
killed in fighting with insurgents west of Baghdad over the
weekend .
Combined with the deaths of 11 American servicemen on
Thursday , the fatalities marked one of the deadliest four-day stretches
for the military since the fall of Baghdad .
As of late Sunday the U.S. military had not said whether
any on board the downed helicopter were civilians .
" All I
can say at this time is that they are all
believed to be U.S. citizens , " said Lt . Col . Barry Johnson ,
a military spokesman in Baghdad .
According to the manifest for the flight , there were eight passengers
and four crew members .
The Black Hawk is the workhorse utility helicopter of the Army
and it normally transports soldiers .
But in Iraq , the helicopters
also carry other government employees , private contractors and journalists .
" There was severe weather in the area , and that appears to
have been a contributing factor " for the crash , Johnson said .
" But we do n't know the precise cause yet . "
The helicopter crashed in a sparsely populated region about seven miles
east of Tal Afar just before midnight .
It had been
flying between military bases in northern Iraq in support of
troops from Task Force Band of Brothers , the U.S. unit
that patrols north-central Iraq .
A rescue operation was begun as
soon as communications were lost , the military said , and the
helicopter was found about noon on Sunday .
The task force that took command of north-central Iraq on Nov.
1 consists of a combat aviation brigade and two brigade
combat teams from the 101st Airborne Division in Fort Campbell ,
Ky. , and two brigade combat teams from the 3rd Infantry
Division in Fort Stewart , Ga .
The unit 's public affairs officer , Lt . Col . Ed Loomis , said in
an e-mail on Sunday night that " the investigation of the
causes for the incident has just begun and nothing has
been ruled out at this very early stage . "
Though only
30 miles west of Mosul , Iraq 's second-largest city , Tal Afar
is a dusty , isolated city of a quarter-million people .
Nine
months ago the Army 's 3rd Armored Cavalry Division was reassigned
there with orders to retake a region that had been
overrun with insurgents .
The Marines patrolling volatile Anbar Province in western Iraq suffered five
fatalities over the weekend , including three killed by insurgents in
separate attacks on Sunday in Fallujah .
All three were assigned
to Regimental Combat Team 8 of the 2nd Marine Division ,
the Marines said .
Another Marine , from the 2nd Marine Logistics
Group , died Saturday after his vehicle was attacked with a
roadside bomb near Al Karmah , the military said .
Also on
Saturday , a roadside bomb detonated by insurgents near the village
of Ferris killed another Marine from Regimental Combat Team 8
of the 2nd Marine Division .
In Baghdad , the Iraqi and French authorities reported that Bernard Planche ,
a 52-year-old French engineer kidnapped in Baghdad last month , was
set free on Saturday near a checkpoint set up west
of the capital by Iraqi and U.S. soldiers , Agence France-Presse
reported .
An Iraqi security official describing the rescue of Planche told the
news agency : " The kidnappers were in a car with the
hostage .
They fled when they saw the soldiers . "
Reuters quoted the French foreign minister , Philippe Douste-Blazy , on Sunday as
saying that Planche "has just been picked up this afternoon
in Baghdad by officials from the French Embassy , " and said
he would return to France soon .
U.S. forces raided offices of the Muslim Scholars Association , a prominent
Sunni Arab group , early on Sunday morning after receiving what
military officials described to news agencies as information that there
was significant terrorist-related activity in the building .
The association issued
a statement saying it was a target because of its
"anti-occupation stance " and that one of its members and five
guards had been arrested by the Americans .
Also on Sunday , the main Kurdish political coalition said it had
nominated Jalal Talabani to once again serve as Iraqi president .
It is n't clear that Talabani will end up with the
job again : Some Shiite leaders have suggested that the job ,
less powerful than prime minister , go to a Sunni Arab
to give the nation 's disaffected Sunni minority at least one
top slot in the new government .
