domestic product .
The environmental damage , however , has been breathtaking .
So far , the company
has produced about 1 billion tons of waste , with 5
billion more tons to come before the operation shuts down .
Some of this waste has been dumped into the mountains
surrounding the mine , and some into a system of rivers
that descend steeply into the island 's low-lying wetlands and coastal
estuaries .
The damage has been enough to render the rivers ,
wetlands and parts of the estuaries -- all critical to
the food chain -- unsuitable for aquatic life .
Meanwhile , records show that between 1998 and 2004 , Freeport gave officers
in the police and military nearly $ 20 million in direct
payments in addition to tens of millions more for military
infrastructure like barracks and roads .
The company told The Times
that the payments were necessary to provide a secure working
environment for its employees , and that " there is no alternative
to our reliance on the Indonesian military and police . "
Papua has long been home to a low-level , separatist insurgency against
the central government , which made the company nervous .
Yet what
is missing from the company 's response is any recognition that
its environmental practices contributed to the unrest and allowed the
military to establish a strong presence in a region where
it had barely a toehold before Freeport arrived .
Freeport 's environmental record and its support for the Indonesian military have
caused rumbles in Washington , particularly among human rights advocates like
Patrick Leahy , a Democratic senator from Vermont .
Citing human rights
abuses , Congress in 1992 restricted arms sales and most American
training for Indonesian officers , and it enacted new prohibitions in
1999 after a rampage by army-backed militia in what was
then East Timor Province .
Leahy sharply criticized Secretary of State
Condoleezza Rice 's decision to resume aid last year , which the
administration described as a reward for Indonesia 's improved human rights
record and its cooperation with the post-Sept .
11 counterterrorism campaign .
Indonesia 's critics say that the present government is an improvement over
the authoritarian rule of President Suharto , who ran the country
for three decades ending in 1998 .
Yet the military continues
its abusive practices .
Setting aside for the moment Freeport 's environmental
horror show , the company is not doing Indonesia 's civilian authorities
any favors by underwriting the generals .
Freeport describes its payments
as an essential cost of doing business .
But it appears
not to have measured the costs to democracy .
HONING THE PROPER PUNISHMENT
The Securities and Exchange Commission , under its chairman , Christopher Cox , took
an important step in the fight against corporate malfeasance last
week .
By issuing guidelines on when and why it would
impose fines , the commission added transparency to an oft-criticized process .
Fines against companies often hurt the same group that the initial
fraud injured : shareholders .
Thus imposing big fines not only can
be unfair at times , it also can go against the
SEC 's mission to protect investors .
Simply put , if the shareholders
were harmed already , the SEC should try not to harm
them again .
The new guidelines say the decision to levy a fine will
