played anywhere at anytime .
A prototype debuted at last year 's
show , but Slingbox has added several upgrades .
The latest : beaming
TV content right into a cellphone .
And Mac users , who
have n't been able to take advantage of this device , will
soon have Slingbox software for their machines .
But perhaps the
most impressive , even noble , trait of Slingbox : no monthly fee .
Once you buy it , that 's it .
5 .
Samsung SC-X210L Sports Camcorder , $ 599 at www .samsung.com .
Camcorders are a tough sell for me .
I prefer my home
entertainment to be fictional .
So it 's no small accomplishment that
a camcorder , especially one with a gimmick , would grab my
attention .
Samsung 's SC-X210L is a video camera built for anything .
Half of the two-piece system can be hooked to a
roller blade or strapped to a bandanna for documentary-style recording ,
while the other half fits in a pocket or latches
on a belt .
Run with it , ski with it ; you
do n't even need hands .
Compact with durable flash memory , it
can also be used as an MP3 player , but I 'd
stick to home videos .
No kids ?
Not into outdoor recreation ?
Strap one to the dog and see how much dust
is under the sofa .
6 .
DLO HomeDock , $ 100 at www.dlo.com .
Turning a corner at CES without being assaulted with iPod accessories
was challenging .
But one device made a simple and elegant
statement .
Digital Lifestyle Outfitters presented its HomeDock , a clean and
easy way to not only recharge an iPod , but hook
it directly into a home theater system .
Most impressive were
the connections that linked video-enabled iPods directly to a television .
The video is n't exactly Blu-ray quality on a large screen ,
but it looks solid .
A remote control conducts all of
this activity , and the menu is a breeze to navigate .
Simplicity is the essence of good technology .
The HomeDock embraces
that often lost concept .
7.
Vongo on-demand video , $ 9.99 per month at www.Vongo.com .
On-demand video is one of the hottest topics in consumer media .
One of the chief dilemmas : crafting a model that works .
Pay-television 's Starz has certainly made a notable effort with Vongo .
The online service provides a thick library of movies that
can be rented for a mere $ 9.99 a month .
Customers
can keep each video for as long as two months
before it vaporizes .
The interface -- crucial for such a
system -- is attractive , sensible and efficient .
Also , bonus materials ,
such as behind-the-scenes documentaries and director 's commentaries , are included .
But
the name Vongo 's got ring .
8.
Blu-ray vs. HD-DVD
What a nasty mess .
The next generation of entertainment software caused
the biggest hubbub at CES -- for all the wrong
reasons .
Rival formats Blu-ray and HD-DVD were the subject of
trash talk from rival camps , with scant attention to the
quality of the product .
And that 's a shame .
These new
discs , the evolutionary step-up from DVD , produce electric images , thunderous
sound and slick interactivity .
Blu-ray 's storage capacity is a bit
higher than HD-DVD , but otherwise , each format is nearly identical .
