UPN 'S new motto , "where the girls are , " is something of a
siren call for men , too .
Pretty simple to figure our
why : Girls mean bikinis and cleavage and catty models .
Guys
also like wrestling and did we mention the models ?
Yes , UPN has figured out that it needs women , but in
order to thrive , it needs programs that pull in their
brothers and boyfriends .
It tried and failed a few seasons
ago with " Platinum , " and last year , " Kevin Hill " lost its
snap halfway through the season .
Let us not speak of the abomination that was " Sex , Love
&amp; Secrets " except to say that now the network wants
to give prime-time soaps a try .
So now we have " South Beach , " which has its two-hour premiere
Wednesday before settling into its regular 8 p.m. slot next
week .
Everything UPN wants to be is blended into this
sudser : models , miles of lovely Miami beaches and hot young
guys .
Does n't sound butch enough , does it ?
Which is why guns , fistfights ,
double-crossing and frequent forays into the criminal underworld have been
thrown in for good measure .
The " Miami Vice " entertainment philosophy
clearly is at work here .
Where there are babes , there
be boys ; and to help them stay , you gotta pop
off a couple of caps into some fools .
" South Beach " could fall into guilty pleasure territory , but it really
is as corny as it sounds .
Heading its gorgeous multiracial
cast is Vanessa Williams , starring as Elizabeth Bauer , the steely
hotel owner with a heart of gold .
Williams deserves credit
for being able to say things like , " You ca n't let
the pastel surfaces and sunlight fool you -- South Beach
will eat you alive ! " and make it sound passable .
Another tiny mercy is that there happens to be the slightest
whiff of " Entourage " appeal to the adventures of Brooklyn boys
Matt ( Marcus Coloma ) and Vincent ( Chris Johnson ) .
Vincent 's a troublemaker
who decides to head down to Miami on a whim ;
college-bound Matt joins him when he finds out his father
( Michael Pare , of "Eddie and the Cruisers " ) took his tuition
money to pay his gambling debts .
Matt has other motives .
His ex-girlfriend Arielle ( Odette Yustman ) headed down
months before to kick off her modeling career .
When Matt
gets to town , he finds Arielle mixed up in Miami 's
nightclub scene , dating Elizabeth 's son Alex ( Lee Thompson Young ) , the
jealous , egocentric manager of the Hotel Soleil 's nightclub , Nocturnal .
The
real problem is the hotel 's minority partner , Robert Fuentes ( Giancarlo
Esposito ) , who , in addition to being a businessman , is a
player in the city 's organized-crime scene .
A couple of fistfights
put Matt in Elizabeth 's good graces , and wins Vincent a
place in Robert 's heart .
Each is hired on to watch
the other 's boss , jobs that 'll eventually pit the best friends
against each other .
" South Beach 's " chances of making it on Wednesday night are slender
at best , but if it succeeds , " Veronica Mars " fans should
worry .
The teenage detective may be staying on the air
based on her prestigious track record with critics and "best
of " lists ; however , all it takes is one more ratings
success for UPN to devalue " Veronica . "
