A poor free-throw shooter delivered in crunch time .
A brilliant free-throw
shooter hiccupped .
A derided role player regained his honor .
A
player presumed to have no jump shot made the biggest
one .
This is probably not a formula for sustained success , but in
the unusual and the unexpected , the Knicks have at least
found short-term contentment .
With Eddy Curry at the line and David Lee deep in
the corner and Trevor Ariza rising again , the Knicks kicked
past the Seattle SuperSonics , 120-116 , and stretched their winning streak
to three games on Sunday at Madison Square Garden .
The new year continued to be a happy one , with a
3-0 record , and a victory total that eclipsed the Knicks '
total for all of last January (2-13 ) .
They have their
first three-game winning streak since last February , and suddenly all
the jagged edges seem to be softening .
" I think everyone finally just clicked with each other , " the rookie
Channing Frye said .
Three Knicks scored at least 20 points .
Stephon Marbury led the
way with 23 points and 15 assists .
Maurice Taylor , only
recently given a major role , also scored 23 points as
the Knicks overcame a 3-point assault from Seattle ( 14 for
35 from the arc ) .
The Sonics fell to 14-19 , and 1-2 since Bob Hill replaced
Bob Weiss as coach last week .
Ray Allen led Seattle with 33 points .
Vladimir Radmanovic added 30
points and hit eight 3-pointers .
Radmanovic hit two 3-pointers down
the stretch , the second one tying the score at 111-111 .
Then the game turned unusual .
Curry , a 64 percent foul shooter
this season , hit two to tie the score again with
little more than more a minute left .
Lee , who only
recently developed his jumper , took a pass from Marbury and
hit a 20-footer from the right side to make the
score 115-113 .
It finally came down to Sonics guard Luke Ridnour , standing at
the foul line with 9.8 seconds left .
Ridnour was 79
for 83 for the season , but he misfired twice .
The
Knicks sealed the victory with free throws by Ariza , Nate
Robinson and Lee .
Coach Larry Brown marveled at the contrast in fortunes .
" Those things are hard to understand , " he said .
But the Knicks
( 10-21 ) are becoming a more poised crunch-time team , and Brown
noted , " I think we got a little more confidence . "
No one 's fortunes changed faster than Ariza 's .
A week ago , Brown
said he was out of the rotation .
Ariza seemed crushed
and confused .
A few days later , Brown called Ariza delusional
-- three times -- for claiming not to understand the
decision .
Far from benched , Ariza was indispensable on Sunday .
He grabbed two
defensive rebounds in the final 42 seconds and -- a
57 percent foul shooter himself -- made two free throws
with 8.8 seconds left .
Ariza said he met with Brown last week -- " the day
before he said the D word " -- but politely steered
clear of revisiting the issue .
That , as much as his
play , is an indication that the 20-year-old Ariza did some
maturing last week .
" That 's the only way to get back in good graces or
be on the court , doing what I want to do ,
play basketball , is by just staying away from this stuff , "
said Ariza , who received a lot of advice from his
older teammates in recent days .
" It 's hard .
But you 've to
do it .
That 's what this league is about , being professional . "
Curry looked as if he might dominate the game when he
opened with 10 quick points against the rookie Johan Petro .
But Curry played just four minutes in the second quarter ,
then got into foul trouble in the third quarter .
He
finished with 22 points and 5 rebounds .
The Knicks are 3-1 since Curry rejoined the starting lineup .
After
using 18 different lineups in the first 27 games , Brown
has stuck with the same group for four straight games ,
and he has kept his rotation tighter .
" I think the only way we can start to play better
is if you limit the rotation and play the young
kids , " Brown said , "because that 's our future right now . "
REBOUNDS
Larry Brown 's stinging remarks two weeks ago may have spurred a
resurgence by Stephon Marbury , but Brown said his criticism was
not intended as motivation .
" You ask me a question , I
answer it honestly , " Brown said .
" I 'd rather have it where
I say what I feel , because I tell my players
the exact same thing .
But I do n't pick spots to
do it . "
On Saturday , Marbury said he disagreed with Brown 's habit of publicly
critiquing players .
" I do n't get into that , " Brown said .
" I
coached him 28 games , and I questioned two shots he 's
taken in 28 games .
And one game , I did n't like
the way he played .
Steph Marbury has been great , he 's
getting better .
I do n't know what motivates players , but I
think you try to coach them and make them better ,
and that 's what I do . "
Brown did agree , as Marbury said , that the Knicks were trying
to adjust to his methods .
" You get a new girlfriend ,
you have to adjust , " Brown said .
" But I have to
adjust to players as well . "
