The Washington Monthly .
A study by the Center for Public Integrity found that in
the early 1990s , political donations from 19 major industries --
including pharmaceuticals , defense , commercial banking and accounting -- were split
about evenly between the two parties .
By 2003 , the Republicans held a 2-to-1 advantage .
Since 1998 , the
center found , more than 2,200 former federal employees had registered
as federal lobbyists , as had nearly 275 former White House
aides and nearly 250 former members of Congress .
Many rules
governing their conduct remain deliberately vague , and the House Ethics
Committee has been paralyzed because of dysfunction and partisan disputes .
" The scandal here is not that the rules were broken ; the
scandal is the rules themselves , " said Rep. Martin T. Meehan ,
D-Mass. , who with Rep. Christopher Shays , R-Conn. , and Sens. John
McCain , R-Ariz. , and Russell D. Feingold , D-Wis. , has been a
leader in pressing to overhaul campaign finance and ethics rules .
" Lobbying is part of our system , but there is a
set of ethical standards and rules that ought to be
followed . "
Together with Rep. Rahm Emanuel , D-Ill . , and Feingold , Meehan has introduced
legislation that would , among other things , require lobbyists to file
quarterly financial disclosures , instead of semiannual ones , and to disclose
just whom in the government they lobbied .
Former members of
Congress would also not be able to lobby their colleagues
for two years , as opposed to the current one year .
Members would be required to submit detailed itineraries and descriptions
of expenses for privately sponsored travel .
Gingrich has offered more ideas .
He would allow unlimited fundraising in
Congress members ' states or districts , but bar fundraising within the
District of Columbia , and would require that all contacts between
lobbyists and elected and appointed officials be posted weekly on
the Internet .
And he would shrink a government that has
only grown further with post Sept. 11 , 2001 , spending .
" There is $ 2.6 trillion spent in Washington , with the authority to
regulate everything in your life , " he said .
" Guess what ?
People
will spend unheard-of amounts of money to influence that .
The
underlying problems are big government and big money . "
Of course , the record suggests that for every loophole any new
law might close , lobbyists will find a way to open
another .
The ban on so-called " soft money " contributions to political
parties led to the rise of new special-interest spending groups ,
for example .
Entrenched industries -- and entrenched incumbents of both
parties -- can be expected to resist change that would
threaten the way they know how to do business .
For their part , some lobbyists hope legislators intent on reform resist
painting with too broad a brush .
" A lot of what we do is an enormous educational effort ,
to avoid what we consider even well-meaning but wrong-headed legislation , "
said Joseph Tasker , senior vice president for government affairs of
the Information Technology Association of America , which represents companies like
IBM and Microsoft , on issues including privacy , piracy and Internet
security .
" Congressmen do n't know things ; they 're not experts in technology , " he said .
" In the mid-1990s , we were meeting with a congressman about
