TAMPA - Chris Simms limped on a sprained right ankle to
his truck at One Buc Place , pausing to make small
talk and sign a few footballs and battle flags for
autograph seekers .
He had stayed just long enough Sunday morning to take a
mandatory physical and said he could only stomach to watch
a few plays from the Bucs ' 17-10 loss to the
Washington Redskins in Saturday 's NFC wild-card game .
" Gosh , two or three plays can make you make the playoffs ,
miss the playoffs or win the Super Bowl , " Simms said .
The third-year quarterback did n't make enough plays to win his first
postseason game , but did his performance this season warrant a
long-term contract from the Bucs ?
That 's among the many questions the team began wrestling with Sunday ,
the start of what promises to be a very busy
offseason .
Chief among the dilemmas facing Tampa Bay is deciding whether to
offer Simms a long-term deal or retain veteran Brian Griese ,
who is due a $ 2.6-million roster bonus before the start
of free agency in March .
Griese led the Bucs to a 5-1 start before a season-ending
knee injury .
Simms went 6-5 down the stretch , including three
fourth-quarter comebacks .
He is a restricted free agent , so the
Bucs can match any offer .
" I feel like I 've done enough good things this year to
at least prove to people that I belong in this
league and definitely can be a starting quarterback , " Simms said .
" And we 'll just see where it goes from there .
Of
course , I 'd love to be here because I think this
team has a lot of potential .
" It 's strange .
It has a little excitement to it , too , but
then it has a little bit of the unknown and
you wish and hope that everything kind of works out
in your favor .
I 'd like to just be here , in
the same place . "
The same is likely true for several others critical to the
team 's success in 2005 .
Defensive tackle Chris Hovan and kicker Matt Bryant become unrestricted free
agents in March .
Hovan was credited with helping the team finish first overall in
total defense and improving from ninth to sixth against the
run .
Bryant hit 84 percent of his field goals .
Tampa Bay also has to make decisions on right tackle Kenyatta
Walker , receiver Ike Hilliard , safety Dexter Jackson and cornerback Juran
Bolden .
Perhaps seeking another playmaker for Simms , the Bucs reportedly are interested
in signing receiver Terrell Owens , who will be released by
Philadelphia next month .
The possible road blocks would be the
salary cap and Owens ' history of disruption , which led
to the Eagles suspending him .
" I think to bring T.O. in here , he 's a guy who 's
going to have to know how we are on this
team , " receiver Michael Clayton said .
" I would think because of
the past problems that would be a decision discussed by
our head coach and our leaders .
And if that 's what
they want , if they honestly feel T.O. can come in
here with a different mind-set , as a team player , then
it 's going to be well-received to have a guy like
that on this team . "
Signing Owens could profoundly affect the salary cap , which is stretched
to the limit by several core defenders with enormous salaries
in '06 , including linebacker Derrick Brooks ( $ 7.75-million ) ,
defensive end Simeon
Rice ( $ 6-million ) and defensive tackle Anthony McFarland ( $ 4.5-million ) .
" Would I like to see this defense back ?
I 'd love that , "
cornerback Brian Kelly said .
" But that 's ( general manager ) Bruce Allen 's
job .
That is n't my job .
If this team could line
up again in six months , we 'd get a championship . "
The changes wo n't be limited to the roster .
Only four top
assistants are under contract and the Bucs are likely to
lose defensive line coach Rod Marinelli and secondary coach Mike
Tomlin , who is expected to interview with Minnesota for a
job as defensive coordinator .
Marinelli will interview for Detroit 's head coaching vacancy .
On Sunday , Simms was still struggling with how the Bucs lost
to the Redskins .
LaVar Arrington returned an interception of a tipped pass to set
up Clinton Portis ' 6-yard touchdown run and Sean Taylor returned
a fumble 51 yards for another first-quarter score .
Those turnovers spoiled arecord-setting performance by the defense , which held the
Redskins to 120 yards - the lowest total for a
winning team in postseason history .
But Simms still was able to smile about his first playoff
game .
" It was a blast , being in that situation and the environment
and you can just feel the electricity in the air
and those flags waving , " Simms said .
" It was cool .
It 's
just a shame because I feel like we 're a solid
team and the NFC is wide open .
I think when
it comes down to it , it hurts because we do n't
have anybody to blame but ourselves . "
