It turns out there is a man who
is perfect for Al Davis , one with the combination of
football smarts , philosophical bent and motivational-speaker moxie that Davis has
always felt was necessary to coach the Raiders to greatness .
Alas , that man is now 76 and requires a walker , which
makes prowling the sideline difficult .
As a worthy fallback , consider
our nominee .
In his years spent slithering through a couple of college programs
and a pro stop , Rick Neuheisel has come to be
regarded as a person so slick that a thin layer
of film appears to cover him at all times .
This
is not entirely inaccurate -- but it 's also no exclusionary
characteristic .
We 're talking about the Raiders , after all .
And the Raiders need a coach right now .
They need a
coach who understands offense and sees the possibilities of a
team built largely around receivers .
They need a guy who
has vision and some charm .
They need someone who can
sell the game plan to the fellows wearing the uniforms .
Mostly , they need a person who can go into Al Davis '
office every day , have wonderful football conversations , listen to Al 's
rants , shake his hand , walk back out of the room
and then continue installing his own plan for getting the
Raiders back into a competitive groove .
Enter Slick Rick .
Neuheisel and the Raiders come to each other from the shared
perspectives of their own self-inflicted damages .
Oakland has done itself
in partly because of ego , a false sense of infallibility
and arrogance that did n't match performance .
Neuheisel is all that ;
he has shot his career in the foot so many
times that , at age 44 , he must have pre-arthritic toes .
But Neuheisel can coach .
He can certainly scheme an offense .
He
operates at full energy , and he shares with the Raiders
the general sense that anything that can go wrong will
almost always be someone else 's fault .
What 's not to like ?
When you consider some of the uninspired names that have come
clomping down Rumor Lane in the great NFL coaching carousel ,
Neuheisel 's ought to jump out immediately .
From a pro football
perspective , he 's fresh , and you just ca n't say the same
thing about Jim Fassel .
About that : Fassel , once the Giants ' head coach , is currently the
offensive coordinator in Baltimore .
The Ravens ' head coach , Brian Billick ,
has generously praised Fassel over the past several days and
recommended him for a top job .
One reason for that , beyond Billick 's natural loyalty to his assistant ,
is that Billick has Rick Neuheisel standing just offstage .
Neuheisel
holds the title of quarterbacks coach , but everyone knows he 's
a coordinator in waiting .
If the Raiders really want to take a step forward here ,
they 'll skip Fassel and go for the guy under him .
Neuheisel comes with baggage , sure , but what inspired risk would n't ?
Clearly ,
Davis himself is n't put off by the history : He has
had Neuheisel as an invited guest at the Raiders ' Napa
training camp a couple of times over the past few
years .
Bad boy visits bad boys .
My opinion of Neuheisel as a college coach has n't changed : He
was a suave manipulator and a responsibility dodger who left
two programs , Colorado and Washington , with a case of the
shakes .
( In fact , the Huskies have n't recovered yet . )
Both schools
faced NCAA investigations as a result of the goings-on while
Neuheisel was nominally in charge .
But most of Neuheisel 's problems in those locales would n't amount to
a good finger-wagging in the NFL .
He spoke to recruits
when he was n't supposed to .
He went in on a
relatively high-stakes NCAA basketball pool .
He interviewed secretly for the
49ers ' head-coaching job .
From the pro perspective , those are afterthoughts .
Significantly , Neuheisel got in trouble most of the time for either
lying or stretching the truth so far it threatened to
snap .
He flat-out denied to University of Washington officials that
he had visited with the 49ers , which turned out to
be a bad move for everyone involved .
The lie began
the Neuheisel disillusionment in Seattle , UW began its death spiral
to Pacific-10 Conference irrelevance , and the 49ers chose Dennis Erickson .
Where 's the triple-mulligan when you really need it ?
Neuheisel may have been chastened by the events , including his very
public firing in Washington , but at heart he remains a
supremely self-confident figure .
I 'd argue that you absolutely have to
be , in order to coach for Davis .
Otherwise , you 're Norv
Turner , steamrolled by the man in the black sweatsuit .
Davis has always enjoyed the feeling that he " creates " coaches , one
reason he likes to pluck NFL assistants .
( In a roundabout
way , Al last week essentially took credit for Jon Gruden 's
development on the job . )
In that regard , Neuheisel is a
great fit with the program : As a guy with no
NFL coaching pedigree , he 's another person Al could claim as
a product of the Raider football factory when he succeeded .
But Neuheisel is no neophyte .
He knows the game .
He 's charismatic .
And he 'll probably figure out a way to get Randy
Moss the ball a dozen times a game .
Any problems
with that ?
