slowed her during the second half of her career .
Late-night comics love to tee off on Minnelli , of course .
She 's
a showbiz kid with famous parents .
A woman who partied
hard with her generation in the '70s .
And she 's piled
up numerous high-profile relationships , most of which have ended badly
. . .
and publicly .
Most recently , Minnelli has had to deal with the fallout from
her failed marriage to fourth husband David Gest , a concert
promoter who accused Minnelli of physically abusing him .
Minnelli does n't
address the messier particulars , but she does say that ultimately
the nasty press does n't bother her at all .
" I think ( the press ) is kind of fascinated by the fact
that nothing has held me down , " she says , adding that
people often have a hard time telling the difference between
her performance personas and the real woman .
" After I did The Sterile Cuckoo ( a 1969 film about an
emotionally unstable woman ) , people walked up to me and said ,
" Are you all right ? '
And after I did Cabaret , they
come up and said , " Hey , you wanna go out ? ' "
" I 'm myself , always , " she says with the casual sigh of a
star who has seen it all and heard it all .
" My friends know that I 'm a rather intelligent , relatively happy
woman .
What the public thinks is fine .
Whatever they want
to think , that 's fine . "
Minnelli might be an easy target , but the truth is that
there are n't many legitimate multitooled entertainers like her left in
the world .
Although she 's hesitant to criticize , she says many
of the young performers of today are missing out on
the necessary showbiz schooling .
" I do n't think they 're training them , " she says .
" Every kid who
wants to go on Broadway has to be able to
do everything : sing , dance and act .
I only learned it
from that .
A lot of the rock 'n' roll kids
can dance and can sing ; some of those videos are
good .
But it 's still not live performance . "
" To me , everything comes from acting , " says Minnelli , who lists Sarah
Bernhardt and Edith Piaf as the performers she would have
paid good money to see .
" Dancing is acting with your
body .
Singing is acting with your voice .
And it all
comes from the words that you believe in .
And that 's
why I have so many acting pieces in my show . "
" Every song , I do a character study on ( the song 's subject ) , "
she says about her performing technique .
" What color hair does
this woman have ?
What are the decals on her refrigerator ?
Does she have children ?
What is the view out her
window ?
What state does she live in ?
Each song is
a different movie to me . "
Minnelli is seeing more young people at her shows , a demographic
shift she credits to her cameos on Arrested Development .
" Now
people come to see me 'cause I 'm funny , " she laughs .
( Arrested Development , a cult TV hit that failed to find
a mainstream audience , is winding down its final season on
Fox , but Minnelli has hope .
" I think it might get
