The decision to bring charges against 14 people
here after a violent demonstration at the World Trade Organization
conference last month is turning into a contentious and diplomatically
sticky issue for the governments of Hong Kong , China and
South Korea .
Labor union federations and social justice groups , mainly from Asia and
Europe , are portraying the 14 as "WTO political prisoners . "
They
held a small march here on Monday and said they
had sent delegations to deliver letters , and in some cases
hold demonstrations , at Chinese consulates and embassies in New York
City and in Bangladesh , Belgium , Hungary , Thailand and Switzerland .
All but three of the protesters charged after the demonstration are
South Korean , and their case has drawn considerable attention at
home , with three of the country 's most famous movie and
soap opera stars issuing a recent appeal for their release .
South Koreans are already resentful about China 's tough treatment of
refugees from North Korea , many of whom have been repatriated
to face long prison terms and even execution .
The South Korean government has appealed to the Hong Kong government
repeatedly to release the protesters , all of them men .
But
the Hong Kong authorities have refused , pointing out that the
protest here on the night of Dec. 17 left 137
people injured , including 67 police officers .
" Hong Kong is a place where the rule of law is
strongly upheld , " said Wong Yan-lung , Hong Kong 's secretary for justice ,
after meeting here on Monday with three opposition lawmakers from
South Korea who complained about the prosecution .
" This case is
being processed in accordance with the laws of Hong Kong
and our established and announced prosecution policy . "
Britain returned Hong Kong to China in 1997 , but Hong Kong ,
which has 7,000 South Korean citizens , retains its own independent
legal system .
Huge democracy demonstrations here over the last two
years have been completely peaceful , and government officials have expressed
worries that local radicals might misinterpret leniency toward the protesters
at the world trade meeting as a willingness by the
government to tolerate violence .
Lee Kyu-hyung , South Korea 's vice foreign minister , came here two days
after the protest to express regret for the confrontation as
well as to ask for the release of all detainees .
The protesters have been charged with unlawful assembly , and officials have
said they are considering other charges , including assaulting police officers .
The protesters , 11 of whom began a hunger strike last Thursday ,
contend that they are all innocent and are victims of
mistaken identity .
Yang Kyung-kyu , the president of the Korean Federation
of Transportation , Public and Social Services Workers ' Unions and one
of the 14 protesters being prosecuted , said at a news
conference here on Monday that the Hong Kong police lacked
experience in distinguishing among people of Korean descent .
Korean labor advocates said plans were being made to bring 300
protesters to Hong Kong on Jan . 20 and 21 if
it has not dropped its plans to prosecute the 14
men .
The police encircled the protesters on the night of Dec. 17
and arrested more than 1,000 of them the following morning .
All except the 14 were released a day later .
The 14 have been released on bail but have not been
allowed to leave the territory , with the exception of one ,
a student from Taiwan , who was allowed to go home
for exams after Taiwan 's government posted nearly $ 13,000 in bail ,
said Mabel Au , a spokeswoman for the Hong Kong People 's
Alliance on WTO , which organized many of the protests here .
The two others who are not South Korean are a
man from Japan and one from the Chinese mainland .
The next court hearing is scheduled for Wednesday .
