The look on Detective Vic Mackey 's face , just after he shot
a fellow cop in the 2002 pilot of " The Shield "
was unforgettable - unremorseful - unforgivable .
It was the look
that helped win Michael Chiklis an acting Emmy ; the look
that sent critics aflutter about FX 's first original drama .
The
look that made " The Shield " an instant success .
But that look , and the sin behind it , turned out to
be surprisingly easy to discount .
Over the past four seasons ,
Mackey , the rogue detective at the center of FX 's unflinchingly
violent cop show , has morphed from a man with a
barbaric side to a savvy master of realpolitik .
He has
been corrupt , yes , but mostly for the greater good .
A
guy you root for reflexively .
Creator Shawn Ryan was starting to get concerned .
" There have been times where I 've felt that Vic has maybe
become too popular and too likable , " Ryan said by phone
from California last week .
" Now I 'm trying to push the
pendulum back . "
So the season five premiere , which airs Tuesday night at 10 ,
will show you that shooting - and that look -
again , to remind you of what Mackey was originally intended
to be .
He used an ends-justify-the-means philosophy to lord over
a tough Los Angeles neighborhood .
And when he learned that
a fellow officer was working undercover to nail him for
corruption , he eliminated the problem in a swift and deadly
way .
Then he moved on - as did the show - and
we spent four seasons with the rich characters in " The
Barn , " an imaginary police precinct in Los Angeles ' Farmington district .
There were Mackey 's compatriots in an elite and often-crooked unit
called the Strike Team ; a colorful team of fellow officers
( most notably , Jay Karnes 's character , an awkward but brilliant detective ) ;
and a politically ambitious captain ( played by Benito Martinez ) , who
sniffed out Mackey 's original shooting but lacked the means or
the will to prove it .
This season 's nemesis , an internal affairs officer played with seductive wiliness
by Forest Whitaker , will latch onto that years-old old crime
and refuse to let it go .
And " The Shield " will
return to one of its most gripping original themes : whether ,
in the cutthroat climate of the inner city , the good
guys need a touch of bad-guy in them to succeed .
The open question , now that we 've fallen in love with Mackey ,
is how bad we 're willing to let him be .
That 's the rub about TV success : The more the seasons pile
up , the more the characters evolve .
Mackey was originally touted
as " Tony Soprano with a badge , " and the comparison was
apt - except that Mackey is , in some ways , more
complex .
Without a mob credo to fall back on , he
has to account for his violent acts himself .
That he
so often has made them feel justifiable to Chiklis 's acting
skills and the writers ' ingenuity .
But it has also raised the question of whether Mackey 's original
act was in character at all .
While Mackey has committed
many sins over the years , even his baldest corruption often
had a noble purpose ; when he stole money , it went
to his family , and the increasingly costly treatment of two
autistic kids .
The targets of his most violent wrath have
been bad guys who deserved it , not fellow cops .
Besides , he has proven himself masterful at escaping impossible situations ; when
backed against a wall , he does n't shoot , he wriggles .
Season
five proves that nicely ; as Mackey and his Strike Team
learn that they 're under a spotlight , and remain , if not
a step ahead of Whitaker , at least apace .
They find
hilariously crude ways to get around a wiretap .
In the
fourth episode , Chiklis and Whitaker do a tense , nimble tap
dance over a secret source .
Ryan said he and his writers spend days conceiving ways for
Mackey to skirt his troubles : " I 'm a believer that if
we can figure out in five mintues how he gets
out of something , then a viewer will be able to
anticipate it , " he says .
This problem , it seems , will take
at least a season to sort out .
But Ryan belives
Mackey deserves it .
" It 's always been something that I 've wanted to resuscitate , " Ryan said .
" I do n't think we would 've been intellectually honest if we
had ducked the idea of revisiting that crime . "
Joanna Weiss can be reached at weissglobe .com
