I generally support the separation of stage and state .
I do n't
want to hear John Ashcroft or Orrin Hatch sing , and
I do n't want to hear Barbra Streisand or Toby Keith
expound on politics .
But some artists earn the right to be taken ( relatively ) seriously
when they take a political stand .
Way back when they
were teenagers , Bono and U2 already were recording intelligent songs
that went beyond the usual platitudes about war and peace ,
racism and religion .
I 'm not sure Bono deserved to be
Time 's 2005 person of the year ( along with Bill and
Melinda Gates ) , but he has done his homework on important
but mind-numbing issues such as international debt in the developing
world .
And , when necessary , he has been willing to sublimate
his ego to suck up to everyone from the pope
to Jesse Helms when he felt he needed their help .
Yet something about Bono 's humanitarian efforts - maybe the Geraldo-like preening
and pomposity he can bring to them - drives some
people crazy .
" There are probably more annoying things than being hectored about African
development by a wealthy Irish rock star in a cowboy
hat , " Paul Theroux wrote in a recent New York Times
column , " but I ca n't think of one at the moment . "
Hmmm .
What could be more annoying ?
Maybe a self-promoting travel writer 's
over-the-top complaints about Bono 's charitable work ?
Theroux does make some reasonable points .
Money alone wo n't solve Africa 's
problems unless it is accompanied by political reform within the
continent and economic justice in the developed world 's dealings with
Africa 's governments and people .
But what would Theroux have Bono do ?
Organize a militia and
overthrow the government of Burundi ?
The recent Live 8 concerts , organized by Bob Geldof , Bono and
other performers to publicize their push for reforms in G8
governments ' policies on AIDS and poverty in the Third World ,
actually represented a relatively sophisticated understanding of geopolitics .
They may
not produce more tangible benefits than earlier , more naive charity
efforts did , but they could n't possibly be as "wasteful ...
stupid and harmful " as Theroux claimed .
I agree with Theroux on this much : When I listen to
music , I do n't particularly care to be lectured about the
war in Iraq or the plight of the family farm .
U2 's Pride ( In the Name of Love ) is a great
song , but it would be great if it were about
Martin St . Louis instead of Martin Luther King Jr.
And
its transcendent moment comes when Bono shuts up and the
rhythm section kicks in .
At Live 8 , the most memorable anthems were performed by a
reunited Pink Floyd ( Comfortably Numb ) and a reunited Who , or
at least a befuddled Pete Townshend and Roger Daltrey ( Won't
Get Fooled Again ) .
" The child is grown , the dream is
gone " and "meet the new boss - same as the
old boss " are n't exactly inspirational calls to action on behalf
of starving Africans or anybody else .
So how seriously should be we taking Willie Nelson and Kinky
( no relation ) Friedman ?
I 'm not jumping on the BioWillie bandwagon
just yet .
I admire Nelson 's good intentions on issues from
Farm Aid to alternative fuel , but I do n't get the
sense he is quite as well versed on current events
as Bono is .
Maybe it 's the french fry fumes .
As for the Kinkster : He 's much better qualified to be governor
( but much less famous ) than Jesse Ventura or Arnold Schwarzenegger
were when they were elected .
( Whether he 's better qualified than
George W. Bush was when he first ran is arguable ,
but he has exactly as much experience in public office
as Bush did . )
Kinky is a true son of Texas , a former Peace Corps
volunteer with a genuine empathy for his state 's neediest residents .
His family 's Echo Hill Ranch outside Kerrville has long been
an oasis for troubled kids ( as his nearby Utopia Animal
Rescue Ranch is for stray and unwanted animals ) , and he
( like Bush before him ) speaks persuasively about issues such as
education and immigration .
Even some of Kinky 's old songs with
the Texas Jewboys were more serious than they first sounded .
Ride 'Em , Jewboy is a tribute to victims of the
Holocaust , and Get Your Biscuits in the Oven and Your
Buns in the Bed posits a revisionist view of women 's
liberation .
Whether all that translates into a serious candidacy is uncertain .
Kinky
is raising a fair amount of money and doing well
in the polls .
Incumbent Republican Gov. Rick Perry is broadly
unpopular , and the Democrats are in their usual disarray .
On
the other hand , Kinky has been known to introduce his
old friend and traveling companion " Jewford " to political audiences as
"very possibly the next first lady of the state of
Texas . "
The state that gave us Tom DeLay and Dick
Armey may not be ready for a serious candidate who
does n't take himself too seriously .
