So I guess the holidays are officially over now .
Last week
was sort of a holiday withdrawal time , and now all
the Christmas stuff is put away , and things are back
to normal .
How depressing .
So I think we should ease back into reality by just
tackling a few easy ones .
( EDITORS : BEGIN ITALICS)
Why is it that sometimes when the moon is n't full you
can still sort of see the outline of the dark
parts ?
( END ITALICS)
That 's a very beautiful thing to see , is n't it ?
It 's usually
best seen at dusk when the moon is just a
crescent .
What you are seeing is the dark portion of the moon
faintly illuminated by earthlight.In other words , light from the sun
that has been reflected off Earth and then bounced off
the moon and back to Earth to your eye .
( EDITORS : BEGIN ITALICS)
Recently I was doing a crossword puzzle and the clue was
" squarely , " and the answer was " smack dab . "
Where did that
expression originate ?
( END ITALICS)
I have n't been able to do the puzzles lately , or at
least not the ones in this paper , because my mother
has been staying with me , and she does them .
What
can I do ?
She 's my mother .
I can hardly tell
her to go out and buy her own paper , can
I ?
Anyway , she 's going home today .
I 'll miss her , but
at least I 'll get my puzzles back .
She and the dog hit it off pretty well .
Every morning
when she opened her bedroom door and came out , the
dog would just be delighted to see her .
My theory
is that he 's so dumb that when she closed the
door at night , he just forgot all about her and
was amazed to see her again the next day .
Anyway , smack dab probably comes from smack , in the sense of
" sharply " or "directly , " like a smack on the face , and
dab , which also can have the meaning of sudden , sharp
slap .
So smack dab basically means squarely or sharply or
directly or something like that .
( EDITORS : BEGIN ITALICS)
I 've been told that the cold virus ca n't survive at a
temperature above 110 degrees , and if I catch a cold
I should breath hot air from my hair dryer to
cure it .
Is this so ?
( END ITALICS)
I do n't know what the lethal temperature is for the cold
virus , but I 'm thinking that if you could cure the
cold with a hair dryer , we would have heard about
it by now .
Also blowing all that hot air up your nose or into
your lungs ca n't be good for you .
Warm , moist air
might help unclog you , but hot , dry air from a
hair dryer probably would dry up the mucus membranes that
help protect you from germs .
( Reach Clay Thompson at clay .thompson( a )arizonarepublic.com or (602 ) 444-8612 .
)
