In just a few short years , Apple Computer Inc. and its
iPod portable media players changed the way consumers get music
and movies on the go .
Is Apple now planning to do the same with entertainment inside
the home ?
When company co-founder and CEO Steve Jobs opens Apple 's Macworld Conference
in San Francisco on Tuesday , industry analysts and others widely
expect he 'll announce new software and hardware designed to carry
iPod 's successes into the living room .
New ultra-thin Apple laptops and possibly a new Mac Mini desktop
could easily link up with TVs to record and pause
live television programming , play video discs and music , and show
off digital photos and home movies , many Apple watchers predict .
They 'll likely run on Intel Corp. processors - a first for
Apple - and could include Intel 's new Viiv ( rhymes with
five ) technology designed for home entertainment .
Industry analysts also predict the company might release updates to its
entertainment-related software , including its year-old Front Row program for browsing
music , video and pictures .
Notoriously secretive Apple has said nothing publicly about what Jobs might
introduce Tuesday .
But a bigger push into home entertainment "has to be something
they 're looking at , " said Steve Baker , vice president of technology
research company NPD Group .
Why ?
Because even though Apple virtually created the current market for
portable media players , it has less than 5 percent of
the overall market for PCs and is barely a contender
in the nascent business of computers designed specifically for home
entertainment .
Also , the convergence of portable and home entertainment is considered to
be the future of the digital lifestyle .
Apple 's main rivals - Microsoft Corp. and the manufacturers of Windows-based
computers - are pushing hard to dominate the digital living
room with their "media center " PCs .
Last week at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas , Microsoft
said sales of PCs running its Windows XP Media Center
operating system rose by 300 percent last year .
More than
6.5 million of the entertainment-focused PCs have been sold since
2002 , according to Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates .
Microsoft and its partners also showed off new media center software
and hardware designed to improve the way consumers can move
digital content around between their TVs , portable devices and home
PCs .
" The media center PC numbers have been rising pretty steadily , " said
Roger Kay , president of research firm Endpoint Technologies Associates Inc.
" Consumers have shown they want the digital home . "
Despite Microsoft 's head start , Apple has some major assets in its
corner - namely its best-selling iPods , which now play videos ,
and its related iTunes online music and video store .
Beginning this week , it also will likely have a new heavyweight
partner .
Apple is widely expected to introduce its first computers containing processors
from Intel , which could dramatically widen the company 's appeal beyond
its niche of hard-core devotees .
To mass-market computer users , the Intel logo would be a comforting
signal that Apple machines will be compatible with other equipment
in their homes and in the tech world at large .
Apple last year struck a potentially revolutionary deal to replace chips
from IBM Corp. and Austin , Texas-based Freescale Semiconductor Inc. with
Intel chips in its computers beginning this year .
In December , Apple and Intel also quietly helped launch a new
tech industry consortium designed to create new standards to improve
the flow of content between TVs , computers and other devices .
Kurt Scherf , principal analyst at Dallas-based research outfit Parks Associates , said
he thinks Apple plans to introduce a revamped version of
its Mac Mini computer designed specifically as a home entertainment
hub .
He also predicts Apple will announce new deals for
content like its recent agreements with big TV networks such
as NBC , ABC and Disney for programming for its iPods .
" They 've definitely already set the precedent in content " and portable devices ,
Scherf said .
" Now they 've got to try to seriously address
the living room with some sort of media server of
their own . "
The Mac Mini , small enough to be held in one hand
but packed with enough power to handle home entertainment , seems
like the most likely candidate , Scherf said .
Baker , the NPD analyst , predicted that any Apple push into home
entertainment would likely include all its computers , not just a
single one like the Mac Mini .
And then , given Apple 's propensity for surprise , others predict something completely
different .
The Apple Core , an online Web site for Apple enthusiasts , speculated
that the company may introduce new big-screen plasma TVs with
Mac computers built into them .
Such new Apple TVs , the site predicted Monday , could download movies ,
organize home pictures and videos , and play music , all with
a single remote control .
Bob Keefe 's e-mail address is bkeefecoxnews.com
