the results have been promising but mixed .
Last year , students
at most state charter schools outperformed students at traditional public
schools in their respective districts on standardized math and English
tests .
In New York City , 60.3 percent of charter school students performed
at or above grade level on last year 's standardized English
tests , compared with 51.8 percent of students citywide , according to
the city Department of Education .
On the math tests , 65.7
percent of charter school students passed , versus 52.9 percent citywide .
But the reasons are open to debate , with skeptics suggesting that
charters tend to attract motivated children from committed families .
And
the trend has not held true across the board .
So
far , four schools have been closed after failing to meet
performance levels during their first five years , as state law
requires .
The board of a fifth , the ReadNet Bronx Charter
School , said that it would close , citing financial concerns and
insufficient evidence of achievement .
Others have been denied their coveted five-year charter renewals , instead getting
provisional renewals of one to two years .
There are 92 charter schools statewide .
Six of those used to
be public schools but converted to charter status ; such schools
are subject to greater restrictions and do not count toward
the 100-school limit .
Two charters were awarded for schools that
never opened and never will .
Thirteen new charter schools have
been approved .
( BEGIN OPTIONAL TRIM. )
One route Albany could take would be to strike an upstate-downstate
compromise , allowing more charters in New York City alone .
John
McArdle , a spokesman for state Sen. Joseph L. Bruno , the
Republican Senate majority leader , said that while Bruno was "very
receptive " to the interest in charters in New York City ,
" Upstate , there 's no question , there have been some concerns raised
in a number of communities . "
But while such a compromise would clear the way for Bloomberg 's
ambitious agenda , it is not likely to satisfy Pataki , who
is widely seen as striving to establish a solid record
on education issues in advance of a possible run for
president .
Nor would such an arrangement please other charter school enthusiasts .
" If it 's good enough for New York City and beneficial , it 's
good enough and beneficial to students across the state , " said
Peter Murphy , director of policy at the New York Charter
Schools Association .
( END OPTIONAL TRIM. )
In New York City , the picture is complicated by the role
of the teachers ' union , the United Federation of Teachers .
Charter
school teachers can unionize , but doing so requires a multistep
process and a formal vote .
Randi Weingarten , the union president , said she would support more charters
in the city , but only if lawmakers make it far
easier for teachers at those schools to unionize .
" If the charter school movement is about an end run toward
unionization , then they will be opposing the position that we 're
setting forth , " Weingarten said .
(STORY CAN END HERE.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS. )
Other thorny questions facing the Legislature include whether hard-hit upstate school
districts should be given extra state aid to soften the
