Conventional maps do n't show it but West Virginia 's Sago Mine , where
12 miners died last week 260 feet below ground , is
just around the corner from the elite towers of New
York and the high society of Palm Beach .
Just look at the corporate map .
You 'll see .
Billionaire investment banker Wilbur Ross - known at 67 by such
names as the "king of bankruptcy " and "bottom feeder " -
ultimately heads the company that owns Sago Mine .
I doubt
Ross personally ventures down Appalachia 's black tunnels .
But he regularly
wanders darker corners in search of troubled companies and assets
to acquire on the cheap and resell for big profits .
Ross ' International Coal Group , a private company in Ashland , Ky. , bought
Sago Mine from bankrupt Anker West Virginia Mining Co. last
year .
International Coal was assembled two years ago by a
Ross-led investor group that bought twice-bankrupt Horizon Natural Resources for
about $ 291-million .
International Coal Group now boasts reserves of nearly
1-billion tons of coal , enough to last 60 years .
Earlier
Wall Street rumors even had Ross ' International Coal sniffing at
the Alabama coal mines belonging to Jim Walter Resources , part
of Tampa 's Walter Industries .
We 've heard this story before .
The names have just changed .
You may recall the 2002 tale of the water-filled Quecreek Mine
that trapped nine miners underground in rural western Pennsylvania .
That
story ended differently - joyfully - as all of the
trapped miners were dramatically , safely rescued .
But wind your way through all the layers of local business
and corporate owners of Quecreek , and the trail leads to
New York banking giant Citigroup .
Ross with his Sago and Citigroup with its Quecreek know the
secret of coal .
Squeeze it long and hard enough and
you get diamonds .
Ross ' track record is steeped in deals involving out-of-favor industries , from
steel to textiles and now coal .
On Oct. 25 , 2004 ,
for example , Ross struck a deal with Lakshmi Mittal , owner
of a Dutch conglomerate , to sell his International Steel Group
( formed from the remains of Bethlehem Steel and others ) for
$ 4.5-billion .
Ross ' take ?
Nearly $ 300-million .
" In steel , every single company we bought would have been liquidated
had we not bought it , " Ross said in a New
York magazine story .
The profile describes how the unsentimental Ross
auctioned off his collection of American pre-Raphaelite paintings to help
settle his divorce from New York 's former lieutenant governor , Betsy
McCaughey Ross .
" Our only girlfriend is IRR ( internal rate of return ) , " is a
line Ross likes to repeat .
Lately , Ross is just as likely to appear in high society
columns celebrating the 2004 marriage to his latest wife , Hilary
Geary , than in Wall Street trade publications gushing over his
leveraged buyouts .
At a New Year 's Eve bash a week
ago in Palm Beach , Ross landed at a swank late-evening
party at the Flagler Museum for something called the " Coconuts "
dance .
Coconuts is an exclusive social club of just 25
members that society columns approvingly note includes Ross .
He was
inducted this year .
Ross ' financial reach is long , and even wanders into Tampa Bay 's
business world .
Just a month ago , a company called Zapata Corp. completed the
sale of its stake in a company called Safety Components
International Inc. to Ross for just more than $ 50-million .
Zapata
is controlled by Tampa Bay Bucs owner Malcolm Glazer , who
probably is glad to see some fresh cash given his
challenges to revive his latest and highly leveraged sports acquisition :
Manchester United , Britain 's mega-soccer team and one of the world 's
highest-valued sports franchises .
Ross ' International Coal Group also includes a director with local ties .
William J. Catacosinos joined International Coal 's board last year .
He
also serves on the board of Preservation Sciences Inc. in
St .
Petersburg , a business that markets food preservatives .
Is there a lesson here ?
Here 's one : Coal may help heat the homes of America but
it increasingly warms the pockets of some very big-buck individuals
and Fortune 100 corporations .
I was born in West Virginia , and though I left the
state as a tot , I returned often to visit family .
My tall and tough uncle lived outside of Charleston , and
he enjoyed driving us into the back country to look
at the coal mines .
They were everywhere , and they were
grim .
I think my uncle wanted to show me what
I had missed by moving away .
And to keep the
memory alive .
When assets like a West Virginia coal mine are severely leveraged
by clever buyout artists , the many miles between Sago 's miner
families in Upshur County and the Palm Beach winter social
circuit can shrink to inches .
