This is what I think about Marv Levy returning as Buffalo 's
general manager .
After fired Bills president and GM Tom Donahoe constructed lousy teams
and alienated their fan base , I think owner Ralph Wilson
grasped for the nearest life preserver .
I think Wilson made a shortsighted decision , peddling nostalgia and pandering
for good vibes instead of doing what was needed : hiring
the best GM candidate available .
I think the idea of hiring an 80-year-old rookie GM who
has n't worked in the NFL for eight years is a
YOU-CANNOT-BE-SERIOUS , ARE-YOU-KIDDING-ME ?
joke .
I think there 's a reason so many baseball teams hire young ,
energetic GMs with Ivy League mathematics and law degrees .
There 's
something to be said for seeing an old game 's paradigm
through young eyes , and if you 've taken a course in
contractual law , all the better .
I think Harvard-educated Marv Levy a fine , intelligent leader , who for
a time will provide the stability Wilson seeks .
Asking Buffalo 's
coaching legend who ascended Olympus four consecutive times to return
home buys time and fans ' patience .
But I also think to Bills fans this sends the wrong
message : that your mollification supersedes our commitment to winning .
I think an 87-year-old owner hiring an 80-year-old , first-time GM , in
part because he 's comfortable with him , is worthy of a
reality TV show on OBN.
The Old Boy Network .
I know they 'll be comfortable working together , but is comfort not
the cancer of ambition ?
I think I can guess the number of candidates Wilson "interviewed "
besides Levy .
And I think I can be equally certain
he did n't ask the questions of Levy he should have ,
such as :
In your vision for this franchise , can we win games and
get younger at the same time ?
Can we sign our players without putting voidable years in their
contracts ?
And if we have to bite the bullet and pay off
the remaining years on Mike Mularkey 's contract to hire a
coach , can you find one whose performance will live up
to his contract ?
I think Dick Vermeil and Joe Gibbs , who in Washington has
final say on roster decisions , have proven veteran NFL coaches
can have successful second acts .
I also think I 'd have
more faith if Levy were coaching ; that 's the capacity in
which he has proven himself .
I think Levy will miss Jim Kelly , Bruce Smith , Cornelius Bennett ,
Thurman Thomas , Andre Reed and the rest of his Super
Bowl teams ' core , and regain his appreciation for how hard
it is to build a championship team .
I think it does n't help Mularkey that in the past Levy
has expressed his desire to coach again .
I think if
the Bills lose big , Mularkey will find it hard not
to worry and wonder if his successor is n't the Hall
of Fame coach evaluating his job performance .
I think Levy too classy to wish for Mularkey and the
Bills anything but the best .
But I also think you
cannot rule out the possibility there 's a scenario in the
recesses of Levy 's mind in which he returns as Bills
coach .
I think Levy 's return to Buffalo will become one of the
most intriguing stories of the 2006 season .
I think in the end , the storybook for which Wilson and
Levy hope goes unwritten .
And I think if Wilson had exercised wisdom , he would 've chosen
his author better .
