Tim Floyd got to see on Saturday how
USC measures up against the best team in the Pacific-10
Conference over the past two decades .
His Trojans showed their improvement by battling No. 21 Arizona into
the second half , forcing the Wildcats to play their best
basketball .
However , the end result was that USC still has
a ways to go .
The Trojans ' carelessness with the ball and trouble guarding the outside
shot allowed Arizona to pull away for a 74-63 victory
in front of 14,629 at McKale Center .
" We got to get more efficient in all areas , " Floyd said .
" We got five years of Division I experience on our
basketball team .
We 're real proud of where we 're at right
now , and real proud of their effort ( against Arizona ) . "
It was USC 's 21st consecutive loss to Arizona at McKale Center .
USC ( 11-4 , 2-2 ) had the score tied at 30 when Hassan
Adams beat the halftime buzzer with a layup to give
the Wildcats a two-point lead .
The Trojans turned the ball over on two of their first
four possessions of the second half and never got a
second-half lead .
Turnovers became a theme , as USC gave the
ball away 13 times in the half and 19 in
the game .
" I know if we do what we 're supposed to do , we
can beat that team , " said Lodrick Stewart , who scored 16
points despite playing on a sprained right ankle .
" And that 's
a good team .
Lute Olson is one of the best
coaches ever .
He knows how to win . "
The Wildcats ( 10-4 , 3-1 ) grabbed the momentum after USC guard Ryan
Francis drove to the basket following a steal and received
a questionable blocking foul from Ivan Radenovic .
That got the
crowd , which was the biggest USC has played in front
of this year , intensely into the game and sparked a
17-5 run by the Wildcats .
" It got the crowd pumped up and pumped us up , " Radenovic
said .
" Our defense really picked up and we started scoring
points off of turnovers . "
Gabe Pruitt , who was the game 's leading scorer with 19 points ,
tried to bring the Trojans back with consecutive 3-pointers .
USC got within eight with just over six minutes left but
Dwayne Shackleford turned over an inbounds pass underneath the basket ,
leading to a layup for Adams .
That was the beginning
of four turnovers in five possessions for the Trojans .
" We were in the game the whole time , " Pruitt said .
" Toward
the end , we got a little sloppy and careless with
the ball , and that hurt us . "
Arizona shot 52.4 percent for the game after Arizona State shot
51.1 percent Thursday .
No team had shot over 50 percent
against the Trojans in their first 13 games .
USC had
a streak of 11 consecutive games holding teams under 40
percent earlier .
Still , the Trojans had a chance in the final six minutes
against a team that was picked to win the Pac-10
title in the preseason media poll .
" I think we 're shocking a lot of people right now , " Pruitt
said .
" We can play with any team in the Pac-10 . "
