yet ?
The title refers to Emily 's plan to make a list of
reasons to breakup or stay with guys she dates .
It 's
almost too easy , but we must list the reasons not
to watch : Emily 's desperation is offensive , she has an over-the-top
gay pal and a best friend named Glitter .
" Crumbs " ( 8:30 p.m. Thursdays , ABC )
Taking the dysfunctional family to the extreme , this sitcom has a
tragic premise and a good cast badly used .
Most cringe-worthy is Jane Curtin 's matriarch , a pill-popper just released from
a mental hospital after suffering a nervous breakdown , partly because
hubby ( William Devane ) had an affair with a young woman
who 's now expecting his child but also because a son
died .
Fred Savage is son Mitch , a secretly gay screenwriter
who comes home to help mom and older brother Jody
run the family restaurant .
Nonhilarity ensues .
" Courting Alex " ( 8:30 p.m. Monday , Jan . 23 , CBS )
Dharma , is that you ?
Yes , Jenna Elfman is back , all grown
up but still acting like a perky teen .
Elfman plays
a work-obsessed corporate attorney , decked out in business suits and
partnered with her father , played by Dabney Coleman .
Not surprisingly ,
her love life suffers , and that 's the thigh-slapping premise .
Returnees to cheer
" 24 " ( debuts 7 p.m. Sunday ; airs 8 p.m. Mondays , Fox )
Finally , the fifth season is set to begin with a two-night ,
four-hour , knuckle-biting extravaganza .
When last we saw him , Jack Bauer had faked his own
death and was fleeing to Mexico to avoid being shipped
off to China .
The story picks up 18 months later
with Jack hanging out with a new lover and her
teenage son when a national security crisis erupts .
Somehow , Jack will return to the Counter Terrorist Unit , which includes
Chloe , Curtis and Tony .
Previews also show snippets of Audrey ,
but she 's not listed in the cast .
President Logan is still in office , and Jean Smart joins the
cast as his first lady .
British actor Julian Sands ( " Timecode " )
is the new villain .
" Prison Break " ( 7 p.m. Monday , March 20 , Fox )
My favorite new drama had a mini-cliffhanger Nov. 28 , with Lincoln
in isolation and facing execution in a few hours and
brother Michael trying to persuade his convict cohorts to put
their daring escape on hold .
Fox is repeating the November
cliffhanger on March 13 .
" Dancing with the Stars " ( 7 p.m. Thursdays and Fridays , ABC )
The surprise summer hit is back , with Tom Bergeron hosting and
Samantha Harris ( "E ! News " ) replacing Lisa Canning as co-host .
The
new dancing celebs are actors Tia Carrere , George Hamilton , Tatum
O'Neal and Lisa Rinna ; journalist Giselle Fernandez ; World Wrestling "diva "
Stacy Keibler ; 98 Degrees singer Drew Lachey ; ESPN anchor Kenny
Mayne ; former NFL star Jerry Rice ; and rapper Master P.
" American Idol " ( 7 p.m. Tuesday , Jan . 17 , Fox )
The fifth season of this blockbuster begins next week and is
bound to include contestants ( at least in the early going )
from Central Texas .
" Idol " auditioned in Austin for several days
last August and thousands of hopefuls turned up .
At least
