The three-part documentary Country Boys on PBS poignantly tells a coming-of-age
tale of two troubled Kentucky teens .
On television , there 's "reality , " and there 's real .
Reality TV lets viewers gawk .
Real TV invites them to care .
PBS delivers the six-hour film Country Boys as part of its
Frontline series over three consecutive nights , beginning tonight .
The documentary
by David Sutherland ( The Farmer 's Wife ) is a painfully detailed
account from 1999 to 2002 of two troubled young men ,
Chris Johnson and Cody Perkins , who are trying to overcome
childhood trauma and a life that sometimes seems as lonesome
an their isolated corner of eastern Kentucky .
Going beyond voyeurism , Country Boys is more like a family album
- an honest family album that shares happy and sad
times , dreams realized and neglected : Johnson 's father is drinking himself
to death , Perkins ' father shot his mother and then himself ,
leaving him to be raised by an assortment of kin .
At times , the repeated scenes of trains rolling through the small
town deliver a hopeless refrain .
The boys seem forever stuck
in place , as even the coal is going somewhere .
But there are signs of hope .
There is young love , green
mountains , sunny summer days and the David School , a private
alternative school , where the teachers seem determined to help the
boys achieve something more .
For their part , the boys exhibit
the resilience of youth .
The project took seven years to complete and air , Sutherland said
during his introduction to the film in July .
Finding the
right teens , with the mixture of accessibility , drama and endurance ,
was key , he said .
And the boys - men now
- said they were able to put the cameras out
of their minds , but it was n't always easy .
" To be quite honest , there were times that I thought , you
know , there was too much of a burden , " Johnson told
reporters in July at a news conference .
" I guess just
something inside me just said stick with it . "
" There was times , you know , when you 're 16 years old , you
do n't sometimes want a camera following you around . .
. ( but ) I was n't going to go through all that
crap to not finish it , " Perkins said .
Six hours makes for a long film .
Rory Kennedy 's 1999 film
American Hollow on HBO told a similar story of an
Appalachian Mountains family in 90 minutes , but the strength of
Sutherland 's Country Boys is the way it draws viewers in
slowly , investing them in the boys ' lives .
" Being succinct is n't my best talent , " Sutherland said .
Country Boys wo n't appeal to everyone ; it asks a lot .
For
those who put in the time , it 's time well spent .
ALSO TONIGHT : At 8 p.m. on WEDU-Ch . 3 is the first
of three weekly episodes of Antiques Roadshow filmed last year
in Tampa .
