Dr. Hwang Woo-suk , the South Korean researcher who claimed to have
cloned human cells , fabricated evidence for all of that research ,
according to a report released Tuesday by a Seoul National
University panel investigating his work .
The finding strips any possibility of legitimate achievement in human cell
cloning from a researcher who had been propelled to international
celebrity and whose promise to make paralyzed people walk had
been engraved on a Korean postage stamp .
In his string of splashy papers , his one legitimate claim was
to have cloned the dog he named Snuppy , the panel
said .
" Dr.
Hwang 's team cannot avoid taking grave responsibility for fabricating its
papers and concealing data , " said Chung Myunghee , the head of
the university 's investigatory panel .
Last month the panel said there was no evidence to support
Hwang 's claim of June 2005 to have cloned cells from
11 patients with an efficient new technique using very few
human eggs .
But that still left open the possibility that he had gotten
the cloning technique to work to some degree , as he
wrote in the report first announcing his success in an
earlier article of March 2004 .
The panel has now found
the 2004 article too was also fabricated , according to wire
service reports .
Hwang 's professional demise is a severe embarrassment for the Korean government ,
which invested copiously in his laboratory and in making him
a national hero .
But the blow to Korea 's scientific reputation
abroad may be cushioned by the fact that other Korean
institutions , notably the television program " PD Notebook " and a group
of skeptical young Korean scientists , took the lead in discovering
the problems with Hwang 's work and in eventually forcing Tuesday 's
investigation by the university .
Hwang still has public support .
On Monday night 150 people festooned
trees and shrubs at the gate of Seoul National University
with strips of yellow , blue and green cloth .
Banners hung
between the trees showed the Korean flag and slogans such
as " The Pride of Korea " or " Biotechnology is Our Future . "
Korean prosecutors , however , have banned Hwang and nine other South Korean
scientists from leaving the country .
They have said they will
launch an investigation as soon as the university panel has
announced its findings .
As for the field of embryonic stem cells , researchers in the
United States say it should not be much affected in
the long run , at least on a scientific level , since
its theoretical promise is unchanged by one man 's misdeeds .
