57-39 in Green Bay
Mike Sherman deserved a better fate .
If the NFL really is the "bottom line business " it says
it is , then there is no adequate explanation for why
Sherman was among the victims of Black Monday , one of
four head coaches fired that day and one of eight
to be relieved of his duties this season .
In some cases , the reasons were obvious .
Dom Capers just about
got his franchise quarterback killed during his tenure in Houston .
Norv Turner is a two-time loser who has now thoroughly
established from his performances in Washington and Oakland that he 's
a lieutenant , not a general - and there 's no shame
in that , by the way .
Steve Mariucci may have been
working for a guy who does n't know what he 's doing
in Detroit but he was starting to look like the
same kind of guy by the end .
You could make a case for or against Mike Martz in
St .
Louis and Jim Haslett in New Orleans because for
all the good they did , they did just as much
bad .
As for Mike Tice , even the Vikings ' 7-2 finish
left you wondering whether he had half a clue what
he was doing or how the real world works .
As
for Dick Vermeil , he retired without being pushed after a
10-6 season in which his Chiefs barely missed the playoffs ,
and he certainly left Kansas City 's franchise far better than
he found it , so the decision was his , and at
age 70 , it was probably the right one .
But how does Packers general manager Ted Thompson justify swinging the
ax on Sherman ?
Sure , the Packers finished 4-12 , and , sure ,
some of Sherman 's personnel blunders during his four years as
general manager were part of the reason , but the bigger
reason is that his team was decimated - let me
repeat that , decimated - by injuries to the best players .
Sherman lost all of his runners .
He lost all of his
receivers .
He already had lost both his starting guards in
free agency because of Thompson 's decision not to pay them .
Then , and only then , did he start to lose games .
Maybe we have a soft spot for Sherman because he 's a
local boy who made good , a product of Boston Latin
and Algonquin Regional High in Northborough .
Maybe we like him
because he once coached at Worcester Academy and Holy Cross ,
and how many guys with that résumé end up being
one of the winningest coaches in the NFL the past
six years ?
Maybe that 's why we noticed the injustice of
it , but all of those reasons did n't create an injustice
out of fiction .
Prior to this season 's debacle , the Packers went 53-27 under Sherman
in the regular season , a winning percentage of .663 .
He
had n't had a losing year since he replaced Mike Holmgren .
His teams won three straight NFC North titles , reached the
playoffs four straight seasons , and had five straight winning years .
Perhaps just as important from a coaching standpoint , they played
best when the games counted the most .
Before this season ,
Sherman 's Packers were 20-4 after Dec. 1 , the best regular-season
record in the league over the past five years .
To take it further , since the introduction of the salary cap
in 1993 , 92 coaching changes have been made in the
NFL .
The pressures of constant rebuilding have destroyed many a
bright coaching career .
During that difficult stretch , only six coaches
- Tony Dungy ( .750 ) , Bill Belichick ( .656 ) , Mike Shanahan ( .648 ) ,
Bill Cowher ( .632 ) , Andy Reid ( .625 ) , and Jon Gruden ( .613 )
- had better regular-season winning percentages than Sherman 's .594
( 57-39 ) .
For this he was fired after one losing season .
Sherman said he asked Thompson directly if he was being fired
for the way he coached the Packers or for some
perceived lack of loyalty to his new boss , Thompson having
replaced him as general manager just a year ago .
According
to Sherman , Thompson said neither was a factor , and when
he announced Sherman 's dismissal , the only reason Thompson gave was
that he was "looking for a new face . "
If that 's his real reason for firing a guy who 'd taken
four straight teams to the playoffs , it brings to mind
a story about former Baltimore Orioles manager Earl Weaver .
One day during spring training , Weaver was locked in a loud
argument with his friend , Miami Herald columnist Edwin Pope , over ,
of all things , a quote from Shakespeare .
Weaver was heard
to remark at one point , "Eddie , if Polonius did n't say
that crap to his son Laertes , then I been living
my life backwards for 25 years . "
If Thompson 's reason for firing a coach who 'd given Green Bay
five straight winning seasons and four straight playoff teams was
that he wanted his own man standing on the sidelines
rather than the one he inherited , then Sherman knows how
Weaver felt that day in Florida .
Either he 's been living
his life backward for 25 years or the NFL is n't
quite the bottom-line business it claims to be when good
men get fired for no good reason .
