The American who served as the senior civilian administrator
in Iraq says he complained to President Bush and other
officials that far too few troops were committed to the
occupation in the first year after Saddam Hussein was ousted .
In a new book , the official , L. Paul Bremer , wrote that
he had voiced his concerns personally to Bush and other
administration officials , even writing a formal message in May 2004
to Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld .
The private note stated
that " the deterioration of the security situation " made it clear
that " we were trying to cover too many fronts with
too few resources , " Bremer wrote in the book .
" Even a year after liberation , the military still could not provide
adequate protection for movements to and from Baghdad International Airport , "
Bremer recalled , and wrote that he had advised Rumsfeld to
" consider whether the coalition could deploy one or two additional
divisions for up to a year . "
In the book , " My Year in Iraq : The Struggle to Build
a Future of Hope " ( Simon &amp; Schuster ) , Bremer wrote that
he had never heard back from Rumsfeld .
On Monday , Scott McClellan , the White House spokesman , said Bush "relies
on a team of civilian and military and foreign policy
advisers . "
But ultimately , " the president believes that the decisions about
our troop levels ought to be based on the recommendations
of our military commanders who are on the ground in
Iraq , " McClellan said .
Bremer , a former Foreign Service officer , had the power of a
viceroy as the head of the Coalition Provisional Authority in
Iraq from May 2003 to June 2004 , but he was
outside the military chain of command .
Rumsfeld 's spokesman , Larry Di Rita , confirmed that Bremer wrote in May
2004 that more troops were needed in Iraq but said
that a range of senior military officers did not agree
with that assessment .
Di Rita dismissed Bremer 's contention as providing
" an interesting historical asterisk or data point . "
Bremer also criticized Rumsfeld for "pumping up " the number of new
Iraqi security forces to " justify a drawdown of our forces . "
