Out : A clunky computer and a maze of
wires beneath your office desk , large cubicles , stacks of filing
cabinets and cramped conference rooms .
roomy meeting areas that foster employee collaboration .
are getting a face-lift to accommodate a much more flexible work
style .
a personal desk -- when he can just as easily work
part of the day on a couch at Starbucks ?
convene with your laptops in the courtyard ?
environment that designers say is beginning to trickle down to the
office world at large .
Lenovo , a Chinese computer maker , and
Motricity , which provides games and other content for mobile phones ,
are building large local campuses that will have complete wireless
access to the Internet .
offers the same amenities in the offices it opened in Durham ,
N.C . just over a year ago .
unthinkable only a few years ago .
an IBM software development group .
The softly lit area more resembled
a living room than an office .
armchairs , and the tapping sound from their typing , revealed that this
was , in fact , a business conference to discuss a new
product .
leaning back in his chair .
" We do n't want to go back
to our cubicles . "
years ago with more-open meeting areas and fewer walls .
For people
who normally work at home and need to go into
the office only briefly , mobility work stations were sprinkled in .
because they worried about hackers and other security breaches .
Those concerns
have increasingly been laid to rest , prompting more companies to
warm up to the idea of freeing their workers from
cords and cables .
the impact that wireless is having on our customers , " said James
Ludwig , director of design for Steelcase , a Michigan office furniture
and design company .
also seeing more demand for smaller desks .
It 's not unusual now
to get requests for desks as shallow as 24 or
18 inches , Ludwig said .
work has complete wireless coverage .
This has created a constant traffic
in the hallways as employees wander between cubicles , conference rooms ,
and open meeting areas .
made by an air conditioning unit is pumped through the 800,000-square-foot
office buildings .
carry an Ethernet cable to all his meetings to get an
Internet connection when he first joined IBM six years ago .
He then had to compete against his colleagues for a
limited number of outlets to go online .
room .
everywhere , " Joseph said .
" This is a lot more efficient . "
FURNITURE CHANGES
the need for folders , files , and bookshelves .
Cubicle walls are lowered
to give wireless signals free rein .
desks that can be moved and reconfigured to fit the need
of the day .
people to collaborate , " said Matt Dorsey , a Raleigh account development manager
for Herman Miller , another global office design company with Michigan
headquarters .
" This is shrinking the footprint of offices , and saving
companies on real estate . "
that workers who use the technology are more productive .
A 2004
study of 292 employees at seven Intel offices in Europe
and the United States concluded that wireless users save 52
minutes a week by checking e-mail and multitasking online during
meetings .
savings for a large company , the study noted .
to IDC , a technology research company , more than 28 billion employees
worldwide now send nearly 1 billion instant messages each day
from work -- many presumably during meetings .
interest in the wireless roll-out .
worldwide marketing manager for wireless products for Lenovo .
university campuses , he said .
Students who were never stuck in dorm
rooms expect to have the same mobility at work .
SMALL COMPANIES
their way of conducting business in response to wireless technology , many
small companies have already embraced such changes wholeheartedly .
management consulting company , says she does n't even travel with her laptop
to see clients nationally anymore .
Much of the information she
needs for the meetings can be downloaded to her Internet-enabled
Treo smartphone and , if needed , printed out at a local
Kinko 's , she said .
conducts her business from a wireless laptop on a desk in
a corner of her kitchen .
use the bookkeeping system wirelessly while on the road to record
expenses , checks and deposits as through online banking .
can access the info ourselves at a moment 's notice ... is
huge , " Upchurch said .
takes his wireless Sager notebook computer or Macintosh laptop to a
client 's site if it 's needed .
Clover also takes his cell
phone and the Dell Axim hand-held he uses to keep
track of appointments , expenses , phone numbers and other business essentials .
his home when writing code .
Or in one of the independent
coffee shops he likes to frequent .
workspace has expanded far beyond its four walls .
