The Smoking Gun , a website famous for posting mug shots and
embarrassing documents about the rich and infamous , is alleging that
James Frey 's best-selling memoir " A Million Little Pieces " contains numerous
"wholly fabricated or wildly embellished " details .
Frey 's book , which vividly describes his years of substance abuse and
criminality , has sold at least 3.5 million copies since it
was published in 2003 , and was the best-selling nonfiction title
of 2005 .
According to Nielsen BookScan , which tracks publishing sales ,
" A Million Little Pieces " sold 1.77 million copies last year ,
second only to " Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince . "
Fueling
those sales was Oprah Winfrey , who named it the October
selection for her Book Club .
A sequel to " A Million
Little Pieces , " " My Friend Leonard , " was published in June and
also became a bestseller .
" This is the latest investigation into my past , and the latest
attempt to discredit me , " Frey , 36 , wrote in a posting
Saturday evening on his website , www.bigjimindustries.com .
The posting was made
in anticipation of the Smoking Gun article .
" So let the
haters hate , let the doubters doubt , I stand by my
book , and my life , " he wrote .
Sloane Crosley , a spokeswoman for Doubleday and Anchor Books , the hardcover
and paperback publishers of " A Million Little Pieces , " said in
a statement Monday , " We stand in support of our author ,
James Frey , and his book , which has touched the lives
of millions . "
When the Associated Press contacted a Frey spokeswoman ,
Jennifer Hayman , Monday she cited that statement .
The 9,500-word Smoking Gun article , posted Sunday after what it calls
" a six-week investigation , " alleges that Frey exaggerates and embellishes many
details of his drug abuse and legal troubles .
His book ,
for example , tells of a 1992 incident in Ohio during
which he claims to have assaulted a policeman and have
been charged with multiple offenses , including cocaine possession , that resulted
in a 90-day jail term .
But the Smoking Gun piece ,
citing police documents and interviews in Licking County , Ohio , claims
that Frey was not charged with assaulting a policeman , that
there were no drugs , and that Frey was released after
paying a $ 733 cash bond .
The article alleges that Frey fabricated his involvement in a 1986
car-train crash in Michigan in which two teenage girls were
killed .
In the book , Frey says he went to a
movie with one of the girls the night of the
crash , suggesting that she was his girlfriend , and that he
was interviewed by investigators afterward .
According to officials and the
parents of one of the girls , he was not at
a movie with her and not interviewed by investigators , The
Smoking Gun says .
The girl 's father is quoted as saying ,
" I have never met Mr. Frey . "
The Smoking Gun says it interviewed Frey three times .
It quotes
him as admitting during one interview that he did embellish
a number of details in the book for "obvious dramatic
reasons . "
On Friday , Frey 's attorney , Martin D. Singer , e-mailed a five-page letter
to The Smoking Gun that threatened legal action if the
website published the story .
Singer , whose Los Angeles law practice
counts Jennifer Aniston and Britney Spears among its clients , was
taking a deposition Monday and was unavailable for comment , his
secretary said .
William Bastone , editor of The Smoking Gun , said in a telephone
interview Monday that its investigation began with an e-mail suggesting
the site post one of Frey 's mug shots .
" That 's not
a bad idea , " Bastone recalled thinking .
" Had we found it
quickly , we 'd just have put it on the site , and
that would have been it . "
What he and his colleagues found , Bastone said , was a series
of discrepancies .
" The contemporary reports for the incidents in the
book really did n't track with the often-melodramatic telling . "
It 's unclear what effect the allegations will have on readers .
The
Oprah 's Book Club edition of " A Million Little Pieces " was
the best-selling book on Amazon.com
Monday .
Kristin McDowell , who works in the programming department of ESPN , said
she read " A Million Little Pieces " and considered it " an
amazing book , one of the best I 've read in a
long time . "
McDowell said she read the Smoking Gun article .
" It 's kind of disappointing to hear , but they do n't really
change my opinion of the book , " she said of the
allegations .
" I figured a little of [the book ] was embellished
anyway , so I 'm not going to take back all the
positive things I 've felt about it . "
Frey , who has written the screenplay for a movie version of
" A Million Little Pieces , " tentatively scheduled for release later this
year , told Publishers Weekly in October that his next book
will be a novel .
" I 'm looking forward to showing people
that I can write fiction , that I 'm not just a
guy who can write about himself . "
