FOXBOROUGH - There would be plays that swallowed up more yardage ,
more electrifying gains that ignited roars from the crowd at
Gillette Stadium last night , but in the grand scheme of
things , a tidy 3-yarder midway through the third quarter carried
a lot of weight .
Besides giving the Patriots a 14-3 lead that for all intents
and purposes felt insurmountable , the short toss from Tom Brady
kept an impressive streak alive for David Givens .
For the
fourth-year wideout from Notre Dame , it ran to six his
streak of playoff games with a touchdown reception .
It 's two
shy of the NFL record held by former Steelers great
John Stallworth , but Givens was hardly putting much thought into
the category , though it was n't verified because Givens showed his
great speed with a rapid exit from the locker room .
Two lockers down from Givens 's , tight end Christian Fauria was telling
reporters " that I still think our best game is out
there , " and three lockers in the other direction , media members
were lined up four- and five-deep to speak to tight
end Benjamin Watson .
Givens was nowhere in between , though it
should n't have rated as a surprise , for he 's kept his
distance from the media for most of the last two
seasons .
Not that his teammates cared .
All they know is , when the
game is on the line , Givens has turned into a
dependable target .
Explaining that his team is not built around Randy Moss-like receivers ,
Brady tipped his helmet to the guys he throws to .
" We have guys who get open , like David , " said Brady
( 15 of 27 , 201 yards , 3 touchdowns ) .
" David is showing
he gets open .
He 's tall , smart , so his number is
called .
He 's making the play when his number is called . "
Givens 's touchdown was hardly memorable , at least when compared with the
play that set it up .
With the Patriots clinging to
a 7-3 lead and looking beatable , Brady hit Watson with
a short pass on second and 9 that the tight
end coughed up as he was brought down at the
12 .
The ball bounced forward , the Patriots ' Andre ' Davis fell
on the loose ball at the 3 , and on the
very next play , Brady lobbed a perfect strike over the
Jaguar defense that fell into Givens 's hands just inside the
end line .
For Givens , who leaped high and made a nice grab , it
was his only reception of the night , but it kept
him on track toward a possible NFL mark .
His playoff streak goes back to the AFC Championship game at
the end of the 2003 season , when he had a
touchdown catch against the Colts .
In the Super Bowl against
Carolina , Givens had five receptions , one for a TD.
In last year 's playoff run , Givens had one touchdown in each
of the three wins , against Indianapolis , Pittsburgh , and Philadelphia in
the Super Bowl .
During that six-game streak , Givens has 25 catches , which means he 's
scoring a touchdown on roughly 25 percent of his receptions .
Compare that to his regular season , which featured a career-best
59 receptions , but only two touchdowns .
Or compare that to
teammate Troy Brown , whose 48th postseason catch last night resulted
in just his second touchdown .
Then again , it 's yet another hard-to-explain aspect to this record playoff
run by the Patriots .
