After hearing the horrible news that all but
one of the 13 West Virginia coal miners trapped in
an underground explosion had died instead of surviving , as first
announced , I walked into the brilliant sunshine and breathed deep
of the crisp air .
awaiting the touch of spring to burst into bloom .
Noticing that
the wind had blown the bluebird house so the opening
faced north , I gently faced it south , knowing that the
bluebirds wanted it that way .
A scratching sound from a
nearby oak attracted me to a couple of squirrels , the
male chasing the female up the trunk and along the
limbs , jumping from one branch to another , in the fullness
and ecstasy of life .
shock , bordering on personal grief .
Twelve men who had , we thought ,
been visited by the miracle of a second life , had
instead died in darkness , some two miles underground .
the miners ' relatives , friends and townspeople had rushed from the little
church where they had prayed and waited .
Shouting " Praise God "
and " Hallelujah ! " they had sung , in awesome wonder , the hymn
" How Great Thou Art , " only hours later to be plunged
into the darkness of despair , as dark as the underground
grave in which the victims had earned a living and
died .
most of the daylight hours beneath the Earth 's surface , coming out
at dusk or at dark , only to return next morning
at sunrise to the tomb below .
else could a fellow with a high school education or less ,
earn $ 65,000 a year ?
They did it for their wives
and children , to lift them from the hardscrabble life of
unskilled mountain people into middle-class comfort and perhaps college for
their kids .
They did it because there is such a
market , even after all these years , for coal , which is
said to supply almost 50 percent of our electricity .
victims , described his father as " a loving dad who pushed his
son to "make a good life in the sunshine .
...
He would do anything in his power to keep me
out of the mines . "
takes a coal miner to appreciate such a gift in our
lives .
