One of the lessons of the tsunami
a year ago is that however stingy we Americans have
been in giving foreign aid , we want to do better .
For every $ 100 of national income , the United States gives 17
cents in overseas development assistance -- a lower percentage than
any donor country except Italy .
But after the tsunami , Americans
responded with a wave of stunning generosity , and there is
growing bipartisan support for helping poor countries .
It 's an opportunity that President Bush should seize , by working with
Tony Blair and Kofi Annan to wage a Global War
on Poverty .
Bush could help revive his floundering presidency by providing moral leadership
to the world .
He has taken half-steps in this direction ,
with his landmark programs against AIDS in Africa and against
sex trafficking , but his overall efforts against global poverty have
been grudging .
It 's sad when we must rely for moral
vision on poverty on a compassionate rock star , Bono , or
a generous computer geek , Bill Gates , instead of our president .
If the tsunami demonstrated how generous Americans could be , it also
showed the blindness of a system that responds to natural
disasters but neglects ongoing suffering .
For example , here in the
northwestern Sri Lankan town of Puttalam , people might be better
off if the tsunami had reached this far and sucked
a few victims out to sea .
That 's because people in this area have been sitting in shantytowns
for 15 years after being displaced by civil war , yet
they have never gotten half the help that has gone
to tsunami victims .
Unicef showed me around a hospital where
a 13-year-old boy , Abdul Quadar , is so malnourished that he
stands just 3 feet 9 inches tall and weighs just
26 pounds .
The average 1-year-old American boy weighs that much .
Abdul Quadar is smart and ranks 19th out of 50 in
his school class , but he is just about starving to
death .
Perhaps the malnutrition results from neglect ( he 's one of 10 children ) ,
or perhaps from some underlying disease like tuberculosis or AIDS .
But the hospital says this is the first time that
a doctor has seen him .
If we are to help kids like Abdul Quadar , we ca n't
wait for tsunamis .
We need a War on Global Poverty ,
and I suggest that it focus on three elements that
might capture public imagination and support .
WIPING OUT MALARIA -- Each year , malaria kills about two million
people , many of them children , and it helps stifle economic
growth in Africa .
Yet demonstration programs have shown us how
to control it : with treated bed nets and low-level DDT
spraying , coupled with cheap medicines .
It 's a disgrace that we
let two million people a year die unnecessarily .
CUTTING MATERNAL MORTALITY IN HALF -- Every year , more than half
a million women die in pregnancy and childbirth , and many
more suffer injuries like fistulas .
Countries like Honduras and Sri
Lanka have shown us how to cut maternal deaths --
what is lacking is simply the will to do it .
EDUCATING GIRLS -- If women are literate , they hold better jobs
and have fewer , healthier children .
They also learn how to
complain about injustice ( my next column will tell of an
educated Indian woman who has become a champion complainer ) .
Some fine groups already tackle these problems .
TamTam Africa fights malaria .
Averting Maternal Death and Disability saves mothers .
The World Food
Program and UNICEF run a terrific school feeding program that
keeps girls in class .
But these are a drop of
water in an ocean of need .
To be sure , the real solution to poverty is n't cash handouts ,
but economic growth .
What distinguishes the African countries that are
doing well , like Botswana or Rwanda or Mauritius or Mozambique ,
is good governance , which promotes growth .
That 's why it 's also
crucial to encourage African leaders to nurture markets , trade and
investment -- and to push out thugs like Robert Mugabe .
If President Bush took on global poverty in a major way ,
I think the American people would sign on enthusiastically .
And
Laura Bush , who has shown an interest in women in
the developing world , could greatly assist .
Just as John Kennedy
bolstered America 's image in the world when he started the
Peace Corps and the Alliance for Progress , we could restore
luster to our reputation around the globe .
What we need is leadership .
Bush would do wonders for his
legacy -- and , above all , wonders for the poor --
if he 'd summon the moral vision to launch a high-profile
Global War on Poverty .
That is one American-backed war that
nearly all the world would thunderously applaud .
