BUCKHANNON , W.Va . - They laid the earthly remains of Jesse Jones
to rest Sunday in a polished wooden box beneath the
rocky soil of Appalachia .
" Jesse was and is a coal-mining man , " said the Rev. Donald
Butcher .
" Jesse 's grandpa on his daddy 's side died in a
mine explosion .
Coal mining runs deep in the blood of
many of our families . "
Then , as the preacher comforted Jesse 's widowed mother , Lulu Belle Jones ,
somebody turned on a CD of Vince Gill singing .
" Go rest high on that mountain .
Son , your work on Earth
is done , " the haunting , disembodied voice rang out .
" Go to
heaven a-shouting love for the Father and the Son . "
There was n't a dry eye in the crowded chapel of the
Tomblyn-Whitescarver Funeral Home , located about 10 miles from the Sago
coal mine where Jones and 11 of his co-workers perished
last week .
In several grieving mountain towns , funerals for six dead miners were
held Sunday .
In addition to Jones , they were Jackie Weaver ,
Martin Toler Jr. , David Lewis , Alva Bennett and Jerry Groves .
Services for the others were scheduled for Monday and Tuesday .
" God has 12 new angels , " said the sign at the Go-Mart
in Buckhannon .
At the entrance to the Sago mine itself ,
the Associated Press reported that 12 big , black bows were
tied to a fence .
In nearby Philippi , Weaver , 52 , was buried on a snowy hillside
beside the grave of his son , Jackie Jr. , who died
in 1982 at the age of 11 in a moped
accident .
Among the items in the elder Weaver 's casket were
a camouflage hunting cap , a homemade " Happy Birthday Daddy " card
made of yellow construction paper , and a child 's drawings of
a father in a miner 's hard hat .
Weaver , who spent 26 years working in the mines , always wrote
" Jesus saves " in the coal dust of the cart that
took him and other miners into the dark shaft , his
cousin , Scotty Felton , told the AP.
In the casket of Jesse Jones , 44 , were pictures of his
daughters , Sarah and Katelyn , and an embroidered pillow reading " Daddy 's
Girl . "
Butcher spoke movingly of the hard times that folks in these
parts have endured for generations .
" My family were coal miners , " he recalled .
" When my grandpa was
26 or 27 , he was setting a charge in a
coal mine and the explosion blinded him .
He never set
eyes on me , and he walked with a cane for
the rest of his life . "
But the preacher said he loved and missed his "paw-paw , " whose
disability entitlement from the mining company came to $ 18 a
month .
" Coal miners are a different breed , " he said .
Speaking of Jones , he said , " Here 's a young man , just 44
years old , who spent 21 years , nearly half his life ,
in a coal mine .
God gives us people who are
heroes and we do n't even realize it . "
Jones was a loving son , father and brother , the preacher said .
He liked "hunting , fishing , pitching horseshoes and digging ramps . "
Folks do n't appreciate what miners contribute to the country , the preacher
said , adding , " America is great because of men like Jesse
Jones . "
A few "amens " rumbled through the assembly .
Butcher read the lyrics from a song titled " A Coal-Mining Man . "
" Daylight or dark , rain or shine , " they went .
" It do n't matter
much , down in the mine . "
Meanwhile , doctors treating Randal McCloy Jr. , the only survivor of the
ordeal in the mine after an explosion a week ago ,
hoped to ease his medically induced coma on Sunday , allowing
physicians to perform a neurological exam , the AP reported .
" It has been very difficult to allow him to awaken , although
that is our hope today , " said Dr. Larry Roberts , the
head of McCloy 's treatment team at West Virginia University 's Ruby
Memorial Hospital .
Doctors placed McCloy , 26 , in a coma to give his brain
time to heal .
McCloy 's wife , Anna , spoke briefly with reporters , asking that Sunday 's attention
should focus on those whose lives were to be remembered .
" We are thinking of them today and throughout this difficult time ,
and we ask you to please keep all the families
in your thoughts and prayers , " she said .
This report contains material from the Associated Press .
Bob Dart 's e-mail address is bobdartcoxnews.com
