Negative .
Flat .
Modest .
They were words used by some analysts to describe expected returns
of real-estate investment trusts in 2005 .
They were wrong .
REITs , companies that generate income through rent from offices , warehouses , shopping
centers , apartment complexes or other properties they own , outperformed the
broader stock market for the sixth straight year in 2005 .
With national employment figures falling short of expectations about a year
ago and interest rates rising , many analysts expected REITs to
cool off .
Some even warned of losses .
REITs seemed overheated
after increasing a whopping 36.7 percent in 2003 and 31.5
percent in 2004 .
But the Morgan Stanley REIT Index still gained 12.1 percent in
2005 , even after falling 7.4 percent in the first quarter .
The S&amp;P 500 , a benchmark of the stock market , returned only
4.9
percent last year , once factoring in dividends .
Despite off-target 2005 predictions , analysts are singing the same tune in
2006 : REITs are going to be Dullsville .
They predict total
returns from REITs will be about 5 percent .
Some are more generous .
Louis Taylor , a Deutsche Bank analyst , predicted
in a note to clients that REITs will return up
to 12 percent in what is expected to be "another
respectable year . "
Others are n't as jazzed .
Morgan Stanley analyst Gregory Whyte predicts the
sector 's 2006 total returns to be anywhere from flat to
up 5 percent .
" Our 2005 conservatism proved too pessimistic , " he wrote to investors last
month .
" But we remain convinced that rising rates and volatility ,
stretched valuations and only modest earnings growth make REITs unlikely
to outperform the S&amp;P for a seventh year . "
REITs surged in 2003 and 2004 as investors sought more stability
after the tech wreck .
Money managers also increasingly stressed portfolio
diversification .
But rising long-term interest rates -- which make it more expensive
for companies to borrow money to acquire properties , build or
refinance loans -- also could spook some investors and cause
them to cash out .
Interest rates are a mixed blessing for REITs .
When they rise ,
it 's usually because the economy is getting better , companies are
hiring and leasing more space .
" While a strong economy bodes well for real estate fundamentals , higher
interest rates negatively affect real estate values , and REIT dividend
yields would become less attractive , " Citigroup analyst Jonathan Litt wrote
in a Dec. 30 research note .
Litt forecasts that REITs ' total returns will be anywhere from down
5 percent to up 5 percent .
" If other investments appear more attractive on a relative basis , the
allocation to real estate may take a breather , " he wrote .
The S&amp;P , for instance , is expected to gain 12 percent this
year , according to Citigroup .
Rising rates could be good for apartment REITs .
As they increase ,
it becomes more expensive for people to buy homes , creating
more renters .
" We believe the marginal home buyer is tapped out , " Citigroup analyst
John Stewart noted last month .
Offices are a different story .
Increased costs of utilities and building
materials could drag on the bottom line .
And job creation
is expected , albeit at a weaker pace than last year .
That , in part , is why Morgan Stanley downgraded its outlook
on office REITs from neutral to unfavorable .
" The move from a tenant 's market to a landlord 's market in
many metros may still be a couple years out , " Lehman
Brothers analysts wrote in November .
REITs with properties in tight markets such as Washington , D.C. , New
York and Southern California likely will fare well .
But office markets in the South and Midwest might struggle , according
to Citigroup analysts .
