I experience with my children , there 's a touch of sadness
that my parents are n't around to share that , similarly when
there 's big news , there 's always a touch of sadness that
Peter 's not around . "
( BEGIN OPTIONAL TRIM. )
Jennings ' widow , Kayce Freed Jennings , herself a former ABC producer , said
Banner had been a critical conduit for her husband during
his illness , including him in conference calls and traveling to
his apartment regularly to talk strategy .
" Jon would n't accept anything but that Peter was an integral part
of the broadcast every day and would be there forever , "
Ms.
Jennings said .
( END OPTIONAL TRIM. )
David Westin , the president of ABC News , said Banner somehow struck
a balance at work .
( BEGIN OPTIONAL TRIM. )
" Peter used to say about Jon , when he was a senior
producer , that he was a 'news nun , " ' Westin said .
" Peter
meant it as a high compliment -- that he is
married to the news . "
The notion that Banner is married to ABC is not far
off .
He married an ABC producer , Sara Diamond , whom he
dated while both were covering the bombing trial of Timothy
McVeigh .
" I was there with Dean Reynolds , " Banner said of
the veteran reporter , and Diamond was there with a " Good
Morning America " correspondent .
" We got engaged in California one weekend
when the jury was not deliberating . "
The couple now has
two daughters , ages 5 and 2.
And yet , lest anyone think ABC is more family than business ,
Westin 's bottom-line goal for Banner has not changed : that he
return the broadcast to being the most-watched .
" I do n't like to put timetables on it , but we are
not in this to be No. 2 , " Westin said .
( END OPTIONAL TRIM. )
In the months immediately after Jennings became sick , " World News Tonight , "
led by alternating anchors ( mostly Vargas and Charles Gibson of
" Good Morning America " ) continued to lag behind NBC in average
viewership but actually overtook NBC in a critical demographic category :
viewers aged 25 and 54 , the metric against which advertising
rates are set .
From early April until late August , NBC drew an average of
2.67 million viewers a night in that demographic , about 57,000
fewer than the 2.73 million ABC drew , according to Nielsen
Media Research .
But since Labor Day , ABC , led mostly by Woodruff and Vargas
on alternating nights , has fallen farther behind Williams ' broadcast among
total viewers ( a gap of more than a million ) and
in the demographic , where NBC has opened a lead of
about 170,000 viewers , according to Nielsen .
For now , however much Vargas , 43 , and Woodruff , 44 , may have
traveled the world as correspondents in recent years , it is
Williams , 46 , with a year as full-time anchor , who can
best lay claim to the tagline " Trust is earned . "
Complicating ABC 's efforts is that all of the evening newscasts are
losing viewers , many to the Internet -- hence the network 's
fledgling Webcast , which viewers can download beginning in the midafternoon
in the East .
( In November , NBC began making its broadcast
available on the Web after 10 p.m. )
