It took years for Normaeli Gallardo , a single
mother from Acapulco , to drum up the courage to join
the growing stream of Mexican women illegally crossing the border
on the promise of a job , in her case working
in a Kansas meatpacking plant for $ 5.15 an hour .
First , she had to grapple with the idea of landing in
an unfamiliar country , all alone , with no grasp of English
and no place to live .
Then she had to imagine crossing the Arizona desert , where immigrants
face heat exhaustion by day , frostbite by night , and the
wiles of the " coyotes " -- smugglers who charge as much
as $ 1,500 to guide people into the United States and
who make a habit of robbing and sexually assaulting them .
And finally , Gallardo , 38 , who earned $ 50 a week at an
Acapulco hotel , had to contemplate life without her two vivacious
daughters , Isabel , 7 , and Fernanda , 5 .
That once unimaginable trade-off
-- leaving her children behind so her children could one
day leave poverty behind -- had suddenly become her only
option .
She simply did not earn enough money , she said : If she
paid the electric bill , she fell behind on rent ; if
she paid the water bill , she could forget about new
clothes for the children .
" My heart broke ; my heart broke , " said Gallardo , who crumbled as
she recounted her decision to leave her girls with her
sister .
" But I had to give them a better life .
I told them I would go and work , and we
could buy a small plot of land and build a
little house and have a dog . "
No one knows how many people illegally cross the Mexico-U.S. border ,
trekking through the desert , hiding in cars and trucks , or
walking through points of entry with false papers .
But academics ,
immigration advocates and Border Patrol agents all agree that the
number of women making the trip is on the rise .
Katherine Donato , an associate professor of sociology at Rice University in
Houston who studies Mexican migration to the United States , estimates
that as many as 35 to 45 percent of those
crossing the border illegally today are women .
Twenty years ago ,
fewer than 20 percent of the people crossing illegally were
women , she said .
The House recently passed a hard-hitting bill that seeks to beef
up border enforcement and make it a federal crime to
live in the United States illegally .
But to most of the women who cross the border , the
debate over illegal immigration and the ire of taxpayers has
little bearing , if any , on the difficult decision they make
to undertake the journey .
" 'Vale la pena , " ' said Kat Rodriguez ,
an organizer for the Human Rights Coalition in Tucson , echoing
a refrain among the women .
" 'It 's worth it . " '
