Ten years ago , Congress passed an immigration reform package that sought
to curtail illegal immigration and rid the U.S. of the
worst kind of immigrants : people who had committed felonies .
Instead , the number of illegal immigrants entering this country shot up
by several million .
Federal immigration detention centers wound up warehousing
-- for years -- thousands of illegal and legal immigrants
whose home countries would n't accept them , at a cost of
more than $ 110 million each year .
The passage of the 1996 Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility
Act led to the erection of a 3-mile fence along
the border near San Diego , which only caused desperate people
to sneak in through dangerous desert crossways .
Last year alone ,
more than 450 of those people died of dehydration and
sunstroke .
The act was n't all bad .
Some provisions , such as creating a
fingerprinting system for foreigners coming into the country (yet to
be fully in place ) and emphasizing on removing undocumented people
who had committed egregious felonies , made sense .
But because some members of Congress wanted to appear tough on
immigration policies , the measure included some draconian provisions , including one
that redefined some misdemeanor crimes as "aggravated felonies " -- a
deportable offense , even for legal immigrants .
Since that law was enacted , more than 1.8 million people have
been deported , according to U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement statistics .
During that same time , more than 7.4 million people have migrated
legally and illegally into the country , according to a Pew
Hispanic Center study that used U.S. Census Bureau statistics .
( The
census does not ask respondents about their legal status . )
Mission not accomplished .
Basically , Congress spent billions to carry out a complex web of
mandates that did nothing to solve our current immigration crisis .
And here we go again .
Before the holiday recess , the House passed HR 4437 , a bill
that would turn an estimated 11 million undocumented people into
felons overnight .
If foreign students are studying here on a
visa and suddenly have to drop classes , they 'd become felons .
So too would foreign workers on H visas who are
suddenly laid off .
Section 202 of the bill , titled " Alien Smuggling and Related Offenses , "
also would turn into felons anyone -- employers , aid workers ,
nuns -- who willingly helped an undocumented person .
It 's preposterous , yet it passed because politicians are letting themselves be
swayed by the likes of Rep. Tom Tancredo and the
Minutemen .
Shamefully , Rep. John Salazar voted along with representatives Tancredo , Joel Hefley ,
Marilyn Musgrave and Bob Beauprez .
It will be interesting to see what his brother , Sen. Ken
Salazar , does when the companion bill comes for a vote
in Senate later this spring .
Salazar should know that turning millions of people into criminals is
a costly substitute for real policy .
As Jeanne Butterfield , the executive director of the American Immigration Lawyers
Association , aptly asks , " What are we going to do --
put 11 million people in jail ? "
As in '96 , this bill is n't all bad .
Enabling employers to
check a Social Security database to see if a person
has working papers makes sense .
But upstanding people who have
been working here for years should have a path to
citizenship .
Some political observers believe the bill will die because the Senate
is too busy this session dealing with the confirmation hearings
of Supreme Court nominee Samuel Alito , investigating the president 's alleged
domestic spying program and the scandal involving lobbyist Jack Abramoff .
Let 's hope they find time to debate the issue thoughtfully , discarding
the draconian provisions of the House bill and offering America
solutions that make sense .
Otherwise , we 'll wind up spending billions
to imprison a shadow workforce to the detriment of our
economy .
( Contact Denver Post columnist Cindy Rodríguez at crodriguezdenverpost.com . )
