Five years ago , intense forest fires around this
logging and tourist town burned more than 350,000 acres of
forest .
Today huge swaths of charred trees cover the mountainsides .
Partly in response to these fires and others on national forest
land elsewhere in the West , President Bush introduced the Healthy
Forest Initiative in 2002 to reduce the wildfire threat to
towns surrounded by publicly owned forests .
As work crews thin
stands of trees , as called for in the initiative , one
result has been a glut of logs smaller than 8
inches in diameter .
Until recently , most small trees were collected in piles and burned ,
but now businesses and the Forest Service have begun looking
for uses for the tiny trees .
" It 's high cost , low value and a lot of pieces to
handle , which takes time and effort , " said Dave Atkins , chief
of the Forest Service 's Fuels for Schools program for several
Western states .
Although loggers might receive $ 90 a ton for house logs , Atkins
said , they are paid less than half that for smaller
trees .
Slowly , however , the small-diameter movement , helped along by federal grants and
Forest Service research , is helping to find new uses for
smaller trees , like heating schools and hospitals and construction materials ,
including particle board , flooring and laminated beams .
Peter Stark of Missoula , a freelance writer , wanted to thin his
80 acres of forest clogged with downed timber and crowded
trees to prevent a fire but could not afford to
do it , since clearing usually costs $ 300 to $ 1,000 an
acre .
He eventually found someone to remove the trees , most 6 inches
or 7 inches across , and the money he was paid
for them covered the cost of thinning .
At the same time , he was building a dance floor for
his wife , Amy Ragsdale , who teaches dance at the University
of Montana .
Shocked at the cost of hardwood , Stark realized
that he might be able to turn the waste trees
into flooring .
Stark bought back 25 tons of the larch trees and found
a custom sawmill that could handle small diameters to turn
them into tongue-and-groove flooring .
The floor turned out so well
that Stark formed a company , North Slope Sustainable Wood , with
two partners , to market small diameter larch , the hardest of
the soft woods , from forests being thinned .
He sees such activity as a solution to the controversy over
logging in Western forests .
" I 'm a tree hugger , " he said .
" If we can take the
small trees and leave the big ones , the loggers and
environmentalists are both happy . "
Significant numbers of Westerners see small trees as the future of
the timber industry , simply because there are so few big
trees left .
" Years ago , we utilized logs that were mostly over 50 inches
in diameter , " said Gordy Sanders , resource manager for Pyramid Lumber
in Seeley Lake , which has retooled to use small-diameter timber .
" Now , if we see one of those a year we 're
amazed . "
Another project , at the Forest Service 's laboratory at the State and
Private Technology Marketing Unit in Madison , Wis. , used small-diameter trees
in a new library here , in the town that bore
the brunt of the fires .
" This library was a response to the fires , " Veryl Kosteczko , chairwoman
of the library board , said as she pointed out the
roof beams that are all about 6 inches in diameter .
" We utilized underutilized wood that used to be left as
trash . "
Another use of small logs is to be turned into fuel .
Under its Fuels for Schools program , the Forest Service is
giving grants up to $ 400,000 for schools and other public
buildings to build furnaces that burn wood .
The three public schools in Darby are heated by a large ,
$ 800,000 furnace that burns a steady stream of tiny branches
and wood chips arriving by conveyor .
Rick Scheele , the maintenance
supervisor for the schools and the mayor of Darby , estimates
that heating the school with diesel this year would have
cost $ 125,000 and that using wood will cost $ 28,000 .
" It 's allowed a few extra teachers to stick around , " Scheele said .
" It 's been pretty tight around here . "
For the moment , environmentalists are watching the small-diameter movement warily .
" We support hazardous-fuels reduction , " said Bob Ekey , Northern Rockies regional director
for the Wilderness Society .
" But we want to make sure
it 's done well , and done right , so we do n't create
more demand than the land can sustain . "
