Heather Graham is the Heather Locklear of the Dragonball Z generation
-- the kind of seraphic beauty who is only funny
when playing a Becky Sharpe or fantasy figure .
Instead , she
has been cast as a nice , lovelorn career girl in
ABC 's sitcom " Emily 's Reasons Why Not . "
As Emily Sanders , an ambitious Los Angeles-based editor of self-help books
who cannot help herself find a suitable mate , Graham is
lovely and not the least bit sympathetic , not even when
cast against a scheming former assistant and office rival , a
slinky sex kitten , Glitter Cho ( Smith Cho ) .
Emily seeks happy-hour
advice and consolation from her best friends , Josh ( Khary Payton ) ,
a gay man , and an outspoken childhood friend , Reilly ( Nadia
Dajani ) .
The sitcom , based on a chick-lit novel by Carrie Gerlach , is
a tepid knockoff of " Sex and the City " and any
number of similar single-gal series .
Emily , like Carrie Bradshaw , delivers
a voiceover narration of her dating woes , summed up in
a list of her five main reasons for not pursuing
a particular man .
( No . 3 : He has a subscription to
Martha Stewart Living . )
The show is not original or funny , but it serves as
an illustration of looks inflation , the Hollywood version of the
grade inflation that plagues colleges everywhere : Since the days of
Mary Richards and Rhoda Morgenstern , actresses tapped to play unlucky
spinsters keep getting more and more ludicrously glamorous .
Jamie Lee
Curtis ' career as a sexpot was waning in 1989 when
she began playing a single woman in " Anything but Love . "
Since then , the Botox and cosmetic surgery epidemic keeps raising
expectations about women 's appearance -- perfection is now considered a
starting point .
Ten years ago , the former model Brooke Shields was too stunning
to be believable as a gawky columnist in " Suddenly Susan , "
so the sitcom worked her beauty into the part , portraying
her as a runaway trophy bride who is given a
column by her eccentric would-be brother-in-law , and is resented by
her workplace colleagues because of it .
Ally McBeal had gaminelike
good looks , but she was neurotic enough to repel men
believably .
As the central character in " Sex and the City , "
Sarah Jessica Parker 's appeal was that she was sexy , but
not always stunning , more jolie-laide than belle de jour .
In " Emily 's Reasons Why Not , " Heather Graham is cast as just
an ordinary book editor who happens to have the face
of an angel and the body of a comic-book temptress ,
which she shows to advantage at the office in tight
T-shirts and belly-baring bodices .
She too cannot find a decent
man to date , which suggests that the male shortage in
Los Angeles has been drastically underestimated -- as if show
business were like the Battle of the Somme in 1916 ,
eliminating or maiming the best men of a generation .
Not many actresses go to the lengths , or weight , Renee Zellweger
reached to portray Bridget Jones in the movie versions of
the best-selling novel and its sequel .
But the better ones
find a way to work self-mockery into their roles --
even Candice Bergen found her inner Gorgon to play Murphy
Brown .
Graham , however , makes no effort to be more human or comically
appealing .
She is about as engaging as rock salt .
She
is an excellent candidate for the cover of Maxim , but
she is unfortunately the No. 1 reason not to watch
" Emily 's Reasons Why Not . "
BROADCAST NOTES
'EMILY 'S REASONS WHY NOT '
ABC , Monday night at 9 , Eastern and Pacific times ; 8 , Central
time .
Gavin Polone , Emily Kapnek , Vivian Cannon and Bill Diamond , executive producers ;
The pilot episode was written by Emily Kapnek and directed
by Michael Patrick Jann .
Produced by Pariah in association with
Sony Pictures Television .
WITH : Heather Graham ( Emily Sanders ) , Khary Payton ( Josh ) , Nadia Dajani ( Reilly )
and Smith Cho ( Glitter Cho ) .
