pitch an idea .
( Someone from the mailroom actually did pitch
a magazine , and while his idea did n't get picked up ,
he was promoted to the circulation department . )
Last year , an
employee pitched an upscale parenting magazine called Cookie that has
since blossomed into a going concern .
Fairchild was Berner 's own little meritocracy .
It eschewed the hierarchy and
the town car prerogatives of Conde Nast in favor of
a feisty underdog approach that created significant dynamic competition .
Not all of it worked .
Vitals , a men 's shopping magazine , fell
flat , and the division 's fashion titles like W and Details
had to fight for the same dollars pursued by Vogue
and GQ .
Four months ago , Charles H. Townsend , chief executive and president of
Conde Nast , decided that the crossover created by the independent
division made no business sense and reorganized Fairchild back into
the fold .
Berner , who had an option to leave the
company if she no longer reported to S.I.
Newhouse Jr. ,
the chairman , did just that last week .
Part of her departure has to do with her disposition .
Berner
likes to run her own show .
Much as the folding
of The New Yorker into Conde Nast in 1999 cost
Tina Brown her independence , the move made Berner just one
more executive .
She may manage down very effectively , but has a tendency to
speak her mind in a way that was not always
appreciated within Conde Nast .
And neither is being a woman .
Berner , the mother of four , put in her hours , but
she was never one to head out for drinks or
golf .
Like a lot of media companies -- like a lot of
companies period -- Conde Nast is a male-inflected place .
In
1999 , the company paid more than $ 1 million to a
woman on staff who had been injured by Richard D.
Beckman , the company 's boisterous and effective president in charge of
group sales , when some horseplay went awry .
( Although he has
since moderated his approach , the sobriquet of " Mad Dog " Beckman
is still bandied about . )
And when the plum job of publisher of Vanity Fair came
up , it went to Alan Katz , who had only recently
arrived and served at Cargo , a start-up magazine , bypassing several
outstanding women who had served at the company as publishers
for years .
" Because there are so few women executives , we tend to notice
when something happens to one of them , " said Judy B.
Rosener , a professor in the business school at the University
of California , Irvine .
" But women have attributes that men dismiss
or see as foreign .
They tend to think people at
the bottom have as much or more information than the
people at the top . "
That 's one way to do business , but not exactly the Conde
Nast way .
Most executives , men and women , end up losing
out for the top slot just by virtue of the
numbers .
But in the instance of Berner , the assets she
brought to the job -- a willingness to share ideas
and credit , an ability to build a civil and productive
