Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger 's $ 222 billion " strategic growth plan "
has the Capitol buzzing with questions : Can the state afford
such a huge 10-year financing plan ?
Should the plan depend
so heavily on borrowing , as opposed to higher taxes ?
Should
current leaders tie the hands of future lawmakers by using
nearly all the state 's bonding capacity ?
All of these are important , but the discussion needs a different
starting point : What are California 's top priorities ?
Does the governor 's
investment plan match those priorities ?
To his credit , the governor has triggered an important debate by
wanting to leverage federal and local funds with $ 68 billion
in borrowing , including $ 25 billion of bonds that will be
on the ballot in June .
Unfortunately , his approach falls short in some areas , and ignores others
altogether .
Here 's our report card on the governor 's infrastructure priorities :
FLOOD CONTROL
A+ The governor proposes $ 6 billion to repair levees and prevent
a Katrina-type disaster in the Central Valley .
The expenditures would
double flood protection in Sacramento and Marysville and reduce risks
of levee failure in the Delta .
He also supports a
new assessment district so property owners would help pay for
maintenance of levees that protect them .
WATER SUPPLY
B+ Much of the $ 29 billion would go to regional water
management -- including conservation , recycling , groundwater banking -- so cities
can grow without acquiring water from agriculture .
Includes a new
fee on water users so beneficiaries pay .
K-12 EDUCATION
B+ Most of the $ 26 billion in bond monies would go
to modernizing schools , the right focus .
Career technical education facilities ,
which have been neglected , would get special emphasis .
So would
new charter schools and small schools .
HIGHER EDUCATION
B- Nothing dramatic here , but $ 6.3 billion in bond funds would
help maintain and modernize existing campuses .
Includes $ 400 million to
expand University of California medical programs to serve underserved areas .
PRISONS
C- A mixed grade .
On the plus side , the administration wants
to expand local jail facilities so fewer short-term , nonviolent prisoners
are housed in expensive state prisons .
The governor gets a
demerit , though , for refusing to modify sentencing guidelines even as
he makes plans to build two state prisons .
More than
$ 1 billion would go to these prisons .
TRANSPORTATION
D+ The governor 's $ 107 billion plan -- including $ 12 billion in
bonds -- is heavy on asphalt and light on transit
and alternatives to automobiles .
He also refuses to raise the
gas tax , which would create an incentive for commuters to
take transit , walk or bike .
HOUSING
F The governor included nothing for housing in his package , even
though California 's housing shortage is well-documented and contributes to sprawl
and congestion .
By contrast , state Senate President Pro Tem Don
Perata has included $ 1.4 billion for housing in his bond
package , SB 1024 .
OPEN SPACE AND PARKS
F No money to conserve land ?
New roads but no new
places to recreate ?
How does this jibe with the governor 's
support for the Sierra Conservancy and efforts to reduce obesity ?
For more information , go to : governor.ca.gov/govsite/pdf/press--release--2006/SGP--Overview.pdf
Sacramento Bee editorial
