CNOOC , the giant state-owned Chinese energy company , said
Monday that it would pay nearly $ 2.3 billion in cash
to acquire a large stake in a Nigerian oil and
gas field , one of the biggest overseas acquisitions by a
Chinese company .
With the deal , CNOOC would acquire almost half of an oil
field in the Niger Delta , one of the world 's largest
oil and gas basins .
The field is believed to hold
more than 1 billion barrels of oil and is operated
by the French oil company Total , which also has a
large interest in the project .
CNOOC has also committed itself
to spending $ 2.25 billion over the next few years to
help develop the field .
CNOOC -- its official name is China National Offshore Oil Corp.
-- tried and failed in late summer in a $ 18.5
billion bid to acquire Unocal , which was eventually bought by
Chevron .
That attempt rocked energy markets , symbolizing to many not
only China 's growing influence on global energy markets but its
relentless rise on the world stage .
The contest for Unocal quickly turned into a political fight over
whether a Chinese state-owned oil company , which some argued was
a proxy for the Chinese government , should be allowed to
acquire important U.S. energy assets .
CNOOC lost the battle after
U.S. politicians voiced their opposition and Chevron raised its bid .
But Monday 's move was a signal from CNOOC that it was
back in the hunt for global energy assets .
The company
said it would pay $ 2.28 billion cash to acquire a
45 percent interest in an offshore oil license it acquired
from South Atlantic Petroleum of Nigeria , a privately owned company
that is reportedly controlled by a former defense minister , Theophilus
Danjuma , and other , undisclosed investors .
If the deal , which requires the approval of the Nigerian government ,
is completed , it would be the biggest ever for CNOOC
and one of the largest overseas acquisitions ever by a
Chinese company .
The largest so far was the $ 4.2 billion
purchase in October of PetroKazakhstan by China National Petroleum , China 's
largest state-owned oil company .
CNOOC 's chairman and chief executive , Fu Chengyu , said in a statement
that the company 's expansion plans were back on track .
" This transaction is perfectly aligned with CNOOC 's long-term strategy of achieving
growth through the exploration and development of offshore fields and
achieving geographic diversification of the company 's portfolio , " he said .
CNOOC , one of China 's most aggressive energy companies , has spent nearly
$ 2 billion over the last few years acquiring overseas oil
and gas exploration assets in countries like Australia , Indonesia , Vietnam ,
Thailand , Bangladesh and Azerbaijan .
(STORY CAN END HERE.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS. )
In seeking to meet booming domestic demand , Chinese oil companies have
moved quickly to sign deals even in countries like Iran
and Sudan , sometimes bringing Beijing into conflict with Washington 's foreign
policy goals .
The Nigerian assets CNOOC won on Monday had earlier been promised
to the Oil and Natural Gas Corp. of India last
month for about $ 2 billion , but that bid was blocked
by India 's Cabinet .
The Cabinet was concerned about the transparency
of the Nigerian ownership , according to Bloomberg News .
India 's oil minister , Mani Shankar Aiyar , on Monday called for China
and India to cooperate on energy deals rather than compete
as rivals , and talks are planned for this week , news
service reports said .
