Carroll Street in Milford has almost always been a quiet street ,
residents said .
But after a 21-year-old man was killed there Friday night , just
two doors from his mother 's home , the neighborhood of single-family
houses and duplexes has been even quieter than usual .
" Everybody is in a lot of shock , " said a resident who
asked not to be identified Sunday because police were still
searching for suspects .
The man , Daniel Columbo of Milford , was stabbed in the chest
about 10:30 p.m. and died about 80 minutes later , according
to a police statement .
" Nobody expected there to be a murder on our street , " the
neighbor said .
" We 've always had the quiet part of town ,
and there are a lot of people here who know
each other pretty well , " he said .
According to the MetroWest Daily News , authorities have identified two youths
- one 16 years old , the other 17 - as suspects
in the stabbing .
But Sunday , a number of law enforcement officials generally declined to
discuss the criminal investigation .
Neither Worcester District Attorney John J. Conte nor Milford Police Chief
Thomas J. O'Loughlin could be reached for comment .
The Carroll Street resident said that several of his neighbors heard
shouting outside their homes on Friday evening .
One person went outside and saw Columbo staggering on the street .
That person then directed Columbo into his home and called
authorities via 911 .
He had been stabbed several times near
his heart , said the neighbor , who declined to be named .
Emergency crews took Columbo to Milford Regional Medical Center , where he
was pronounced dead at 11:47 p.m.
The Columbo family home was filled with mourners over the weekend .
Someone who answered a telephone declined to comment Sunday ; people
who live nearby said that police had asked them not
to discuss the case .
The Worcester district attorney 's office is leading the investigation .
State Police investigators and members of the Milford Police are assisting
in the investigation , according to a statement released Sunday by
the Milford Police Department .
Christine McConville can be reached via e-mail messages at cmcconvilleglobe .com .
