WASHINGTON - There were signs of a backlash against the religious
right even before the Rev. Pat Robertson declared that God
may have caused Prime Minister Ariel Sharon 's stroke to punish
him for giving up the Gaza Strip .
The national debate over President Bush 's nomination of Samuel A. Alito
Jr.
to the Supreme Court has been raging for two
months ; nary a religious right figure has been in sight .
Religious rightists rallied their own supporters at a " Justice Sunday "
this week , but they stayed out of the national fray .
This suggests that the White House does n't want Alito associated
with the religious right , because it would alienate moderates .
Meanwhile , a federal judge appointed by President Bush last month delivered
a hammer blow to the intelligent-design theory , the religious right 's
latest vehicle for undermining the teaching of evolution .
The judge
declared that the intelligent-design theory , which posits that the development
of man cannot be explained by evolution alone , is religion
posing as science .
He ruled that the Dover , Pa. , ,
school board that ordered the science curriculum be changed to
incorporate intelligent design was acting to promote religion , not education .
Rather than express outrage , some key supporters of the religious right
chose to distance themselves .
The day after the decision came
down , Senator Rick Santorum , Republican of Pennsylvania , announced that he
was resigning from the advisory board of the Thomas More
Law Center , which defended the Dover school board .
Santorum , in the midst of a tough re-election campaign , must have
noticed that almost all supporters of intelligent design were voted
off the Dover school board in November .
As it happens ,
the Dover election prompted one in a series of warnings
from Robertson .
" I 'd like to say to the good citizens of Dover , if
there is a disaster in your area , do n't turn to
God , you just rejected Him from your city , " Robertson declared
on his TV show , " The 700 Club . "
Robertson clearly believes in revenge .
He has apologized for saying that
the United States should assassinate President Hugo Chávez of Venezuela
for his anti-American views .
He has suggested that God sent
Hurricane Katrina to New Orleans to punish the United States
for its acceptance of abortion .
And last week , Robertson compared Sharon to the former Israeli prime
minister , Yitzhak Rabin , who endorsed the concept of a Palestinian
state , and who was murdered by an Israeli extremist .
Robertson
said that God was furious with them for dividing Israel .
" God says , ' This land belongs to me .
You 'd better leave it
alone , " ' Robertson said .
Robertson , whose TV show debuted in 1966 and now has a
million viewers each day , was among the evangelists who brought
Christianity into politics in the 1980s .
Robertson himself ran for the 1988 Republican presidential nomination .
But his
candidacy was undermined by scandals at other television ministries .
The
Rev.
Jim Bakker admitted to an adulterous affair .
Two months
later , the Rev. Jimmy Swaggert was photographed entering a Louisiana
motel with a prostitute .
Donations declined at many ministries , and the movement floundered for a
decade .
But it gained strength again in the late 1990s ,
and has been a central part of President Bush 's political
coalition .
The Republicans used church membership lists to help organize
the 2004 campaign , and Bush 's victory was widely ascribed to
the turnout of religious Christians .
Last year began with many politicians trying to retool messages to
appeal to the religious right , and with Christian conservatives demanding
action on their social agenda .
The clout of the religious
right was put on display when Bush and both houses
of Congress rushed back from Easter recess to allow courts
to block the removal of a feeding tube from Terri
Schiavo , the Florida woman .
Large majorities of the public disapproved of the move , however , and
Republican approval ratings dropped immediately afterwards .
The current backlash against the religious right is different from the
one in the late 1980s .
Back then , the focus was
on the misdeeds of preachers , suggesting televangelists were the modern-day
equivalents of the religious charletons of the past .
Now , the
backlash is predominantly political - a frank disagreement with the
policies of the religious right and concern about its extremism .
The Republican presidential field for 2008 includes more moderates than conservatives ,
and is led at the moment by Senator John McCain ,
a longtime critic of the religious right .
Robertson 's recent series of declarations , including his comments about Sharon , have
sparked denunciations from many Democrats and silence from fellow Republicans :
For now , even Robertson 's allies are leaving him alone .
Peter S. Canellos is the Globe 's Washington bureau chief .
National Perspective
is his weekly analysis of events in the capital and
beyond .
