meeting , and in televised remarks at the start , pledged continuity
with Sharon 's policies .
Sitting next to Sharon 's vacant chair , the largest of those at
the Cabinet table , Olmert , using Sharon 's nickname , pledged " to continue
to do what Arik would want -- running affairs as
they should be . "
Olmert said , " We are hoping and wishing that the prime minister
will recover , strengthen and return to presiding over the Israeli
government and leading the state of Israel . "
He said later ,
" I pray with all the people of Israel that my
tenure as the acting prime minister will be short . "
But it is likely to last at least until the March
28 elections .
Shimon Peres , the former Labor Party prime minister
who joined Sharon and Olmert in the new Kadima Party ,
said Sunday that he expected Olmert to lead the party
into the elections .
Peres , 82 , said on CNN that he was interested in returning
as a member of the legislature on the Kadima list ,
but that he did not intend to compete with Olmert
to become prime minister .
" I want to devote whatever time
and energy I have for the peace process , " he said .
(STORY CAN END HERE.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS. )
There had been reports in the Israeli media that Peres was
thinking of abandoning Kadima and returning to the Labor Party
and that he had asked Olmert for the job of
foreign minister if the current Likud Cabinet ministers go through
with a plan to quit the government for the election
campaign .
Israelis are accustomed to news happening quickly and have become experts
in living the motto "life goes on . "
The debris from
terror attacks -- the dead and wounded , pools of blood ,
shattered glass -- is usually cleaned up in a matter
of hours .
Traffic quickly resumes on the same streets where
buses have been blown up , and shoppers continue to pick
through merchandise at one end of an open-air market while
police officers at the other end continue to sift for
forensic clues left by a suicide bomber 's explosion .
Andrea Miller , 23 , who was born in Utah and who performs
with one of Israel 's best dance companies , said she was
surprised by how Israelis had been put in a holding
position over Sharon 's illness .
A decision to go ahead with a performance on Thursday was
made only at the last minute , and she and the
other dancers in her company were put on notice that
this week 's performance schedule would be linked to Sharon 's health .
" People are much more concerned about respecting a mourning period " here
than she thought Americans would be in a similar situation ,
she said .
Yaron Kadosh , 25 , who works at a sandwich bar on Ben-Gurion
Boulevard , disagreed .
Israelis were already bouncing back from the news
of Sharon 's collapse , he said .
" Everyone went into shock with
the news that Sharon appeared to be dying , " he said ,
" but after a few days people were already moving on
and focusing on who will come next . "
