In " Time of the Wolf , " an apocalyptic disaster movie by Michael
Haneke , a group of survivors chides a woman for her
lack of compassion .
" Compassion , " she responds .
" Compassion is a luxury
I ca n't afford ! "
It 's hard to come by in the
rest of Haneke 's films , too .
But for all the talk
of the Austrian director being a doomsaying cinematic lord , his
recent work is concerned , in various ways , with the present
struggle between civility and savagery .
His movies are dark because
the world is dark .
Haneke 's early work suggested a filmmaker out to harass his audience
by condemning it for watching his movies - " Benny 's Video "
( 1992 ) centered on a boy inspired to kill after seeing
footage of a pig 's slaughter .
Haneke gave intellectuals fodder for
knotty considerations of a paradox between representations of violence and
its real-world consequences .
To others , his movies could seem loathsomely
high-minded .
When the director started making films in French , however , beginning in
2000 with " Code Unknown , " he began exploring a society 's conflict
with itself .
The result has been a string of masterpieces
that operate with keen restraint and a vulnerability no one
could have predicted based on his early work .
The characters
push each other 's buttons , the filmmaker does n't .
It 's a strategy
that immediately distinguishes him from , say , Lars von Trier , who
uses people as marionettes that do his ideological bidding .
That Haneke puts people before ideology accounts for the emotional power
that deepens his movies .
His work is hotly intelligent , and
it does n't pretend to have solutions .
Haneke deals with subjects
that do n't have any .
Here 's a quick guide to some of his movies available on
video and DVD.
" Funny Games " ( 1997 )
A German couple ( Susanne Lothar , Ulrich Mühe ) and their young son
head out to their lovely lakeside country house , where they 're
taken hostage and tortured by two young punks ( Arno Frisch ,
Frank Giering ) .
This is the most blatantly self-aware of all
Haneke 's films : violence that purports to deconstruct violence .
But Lothar
and Mühe 's anguish and the killers ' jokey sadism elevate an
intellectual exercise into a cruel theater of absurdity : People do n't
kill people ; ideas do .
" Code Unknown " ( 2000 )
The subtitle is " Incomplete Tales of Several Journeys , " but the film 's
disjointed structure is completely emotional .
As with most of Haneke 's
movies , the subject - here , social disconnection - does n't declare
itself .
We 're shown an angry heterogeneous society : dozens of cultures
tossed into a pot whose contents refuse to melt .
One
scene set on a subway car , featuring Juliette Binoche ( who
plays a minor actress ) and a cocky young Arab , says
more about a country 's racial woes than all 113 minutes
of " Crash . "
" The Piano Teacher " ( 2001 )
This exhausting adaptation of Elfriede Jelinek 's novel about a severe musician
( Isabelle Huppert ) is a case study of a sexual psychosis .
Haneke shocks us but holds the sensationalism : The director sympathetically
finds this woman as disturbed as she is disturbing .
When
the teacher succumbs to the advances of a student ( Benoit
Magimel ) and is betrayed , we understand that Haneke wants to
see her set free from her disorder .
The picture builds
to a chilling conclusion , and Huppert , with her pale , dead
face , gives a performance for the ages .
" Time of the Wolf " ( 2003 )
The least discussed and appreciated of Haneke 's recent releases .
A family
of four ( Huppert plays Mom ) finds their country home occupied
by gun-toting strangers .
Papa is shot , and the survivors are
cast out into an unexplained society-wide disaster .
The movie gives
us various philosophical ideas ( there 's a shabby capitalist commune and
men selling water on horseback ) but ultimately it 's both a
cautionary tale and a lean parable of Third World strife .
