When Mexican immigrants lobbied for the right to
vote absentee in Mexico 's July 2 presidential election , they did n't
imagine that requests for ballots would trickle in from Croatia
and Uganda .
For immigrants , absentee ballots were a hard-won right , designed to expand
suffrage to the millions of Mexicans who felt compelled to
abandon Mexico to seek jobs in the United States .
Yet when the Jan . 15 deadline for absentee requests arrives , the
Mexican jet set , students and diplomatic corps could end up
much more heavily represented than the working-class constituency activists had
in mind .
By late last week , only 11,467 ballot applications had arrived in
Mexico -- from 60 countries .
Only 2,418 applications from California had been submitted , and that was
the biggest number from a single state .
The small number of submissions is a stark sign of failure
given that election officials anticipated the need to distribute more
than 4 million ballot applications in the United States .
Debate is raging as to why the three-month absentee campaign has
been such a flop .
Many immigrants lack the proper Mexican voter ID card to register
for absentee ballots .
Others are more interested in what happens
to them on U.S. soil than what happens back in
Mexico .
With Congress considering a sweeping proposal to erect a border fence
and make undocumented status a felony , many illegal immigrants are
fearful of anything that draws attention to them .
That includes standing in line at a U.S. Postal Service branch
to send , by the requisite registered mail , an absentee ballot
application .
" What hurts us now are the laws that are made here .
The laws in Mexico do n't matter , " said Jesus Zembrano , 36 ,
a Sacramento construction worker who has been in the United
States 13 years and is in the process of obtaining
U.S. residency .
He does n't have a Mexican voter ID card .
Construction worker Ricardo Mendez was only 18 -- barely old enough
to vote in Mexico -- when he emigrated to California .
" I never got a voter card , " said Mendez , who has not
returned to Mexico since he left 13 years ago .
" I
do n't think there 's a future in Mexico for me . "
Mexico 's Congress approved absentee ballots last summer after years of debate .
President Vicente Fox , whose 2000 election ended Mexico 's former one-party
state , promised immigrants their enfranchisement was key to the country 's
young democracy .
Mexico now allows dual nationality , as a nod to immigrants .
Ironically , one of the biggest obstacles for absentee voting is the
voter registration card , a reform adopted in the early 1990s
to stop the ballot-box stuffing that many activists used to
bitterly denounce .
Mexican voters must present the special voter card emblazoned with photo
and address when they go to polling stations on election
days .
Citizens selected by lottery to staff stations and representatives
of each political party match the card against a list
that includes photos .
Because of such reforms , balloting in Mexico has vaulted from one
of the most notoriously corrupt to one of the world 's
most admired systems .
To obtain an absentee ballot , Mexico 's Federal Electoral Institute , IFE in
Spanish , requires a photocopy of the photo ID to be
submitted along with a form and photocopies of utility receipts
or other proof of a U.S. address .
IFE estimated that more than 4 million Mexicans with voter credentials
had left the country over the past decade , mostly bound
for the United States .
What officials did n't know was how many immigrants left their credentials
at home or lost them .
Since voter cards can be
issued only in Mexico , immigrants who do n't have one or
could n't make it back to Mexico to get one are
out of luck .
" I am convinced that the Congress will have to evaluate this
process for the next election .
The next election will have
to be more inclusive , " Patricio Ballados , IFE 's vote-abroad coordinator , said
from Mexico City .
Some activists accuse Mexico 's political parties of deliberately foiling the vote
by not allowing credentials to be issued in the United
States .
The July 2 election is expected to be tight ,
and no party , they allege , wanted to take chances on
unleashing a huge pool of immigrant voters .
The IFE is conducting an 11th-hour TV and radio blitz to
try to persuade more immigrants to sign up before Jan .
15 .
But Latino-owned businesses that have stocked the absentee applications
say few customers have picked them up .
Retired Stockton , Calif. , farmworker Luis de Jesus Rodriguez , 70 , is one
of the few who seems motivated and meets the qualifications
to vote .
He 's filling out the application and is prepared
to pay the $ 8 it will take to send the
form by registered mail to Mexico .
" Mexico 's governments have been a bunch of hogs , " said Rodriguez , a
U.S. resident since a 1986 amnesty program .
" I 'm willing to
pay double the postage fee to make sure the application
gets there so I can vote . "
Ballados said some Mexicans who have lived in the United States
for a long time are n't interested in voting because they
think the system is still corrupt .
" They are n't aware of the democratic advances in Mexico , so they
are distrustful , " he said .
" Another obstacle , " he added , "is the situation of many , " a delicate
way of saying many would-be voters are in the United
States illegally .
All of this process is confidential , " he said .
" But it 's understandable
if they do n't want to take risks . "
