That 's assuming that Congress will ever manage to pass anything at
all .
Since the giant data broker ChoicePoint announced last February that crooks
had put information on 145,000 consumers at risk , the Privacy
Rights Clearinghouse , an advocacy group in San Diego , has counted
about 114 other major data breaches , affecting about 52 million
Americans .
This includes the disappearance just two weeks ago of
backup tapes containing valuable data -- including Social Security numbers
and credit card information on more than 200,000 time-share owners
-- announced by Marriott International .
" There needs to be better legislation , " said George Waller , the executive
vice president of StrikeForce Technologies , a company based in Edison ,
N.J . that develops identity verification technologies for governments , businesses and
financial institutions .
" They say once the horse is out of the barn , why
bother closing the door ? "
Waller said , referring to the millions
of bits of consumer data already leaked into the black
market .
" But even if someone has your Social Security number ,
if you can prevent them from using it , that 's the
solution we should be driving towards . "
Some states have been moving aggressively in that direction .
According to Bankrate .com ,
which aggregates information on the financial industry , at
least 10 states have enacted laws that allow consumers some
ability to freeze their credit -- considered by many advocates
to be the best way to eliminate the market for
identity thieves , because it prevents a consumer reporting agency from
releasing information without a consumer 's direct authorization .
Had such a law existed in New York , it might have
helped prevent Lorenzo 's impostor from opening lines of credit in
his name .
A handful of proposals are currently pending in
the state assembly .
Indeed , the ChoicePoint scandal seemed to put the scare into the
states .
Last year , data breach legislation was introduced in at
least 35 states and signed into law in at least
22 , according to data compiled by the National Conference of
State Legislatures .
Congress , on the other hand , introduced more than a dozen bills ,
but managed to reach consensus on none of them .
The problem is that data handlers want a narrow bill that
would require them simply to notify consumers when a breach
occurred and would give them broad discretion to decide when
such a step was necessary .
They would also prefer that
any federal bill pre-empt the growing thicket of tough state
laws .
Consumer and privacy rights advocates , on the other hand , want to
preserve existing state laws while enacting broad federal notification standards ,
the ability to freeze credit , and new rights for consumers
to see and correct information that companies have collected on
them .
There is no question that Lorenzo -- and perhaps millions of
victims like him -- might have been spared years of
trouble had at least a few of those proposals been
in place over the last decade of his life .
Of course , whether those proposals will ever survive the cold calculus
of realpolitik is an open question .
What is certain is that the debate on Capitol Hill will
