nationwide .
The nature of these groups ' susceptibility remains under study , but researchers
generally blame an interplay of genetic and socioeconomic forces .
Many
researchers believe that higher proportions of these groups have a
" thrifty gene " that enabled ancestors who farmed and hunted to
stockpile fat during times of plenty so they would not
starve during periods of want .
In modern America , with food
beckoning on every corner , the gene works perversely , causing them
to accumulate unhealthy quantities of fat .
But the velocity of new cases among all races has accelerated
significantly from just a few decades ago .
Genetics cannot explain
this surge , because the human gene pool does not change
that fast .
Instead , the culprit is thought to be behavior :
faulty diet and inactivity .
Vinicor , of the Centers for Disease
Control , likes to use this expression : " Genetics may load the
cannon , but human behavior pulls the trigger . "
Of the country 's spike in diabetes cases over the last two
decades , CDC studies suggest that about 60 percent stem from
demographic changes : a population increasingly comprising older people and ethnic
groups with a higher risk .
The studies ascribe the other
40 percent to lifestyle changes : the fundamental shift that has
people eating jumbo meals and shunning exercise as if it
were illegal .
At every turn , technology has made physical activity
unnecessary or unappealing .
Gym class has largely been deleted from
schools .
Fewer than a third of junior high schools require
physical education at all , the CDC says .
On the whole , New York 's corpulence is below the national average ,
with 20 percent of adults qualifying as obese , compared with
30 percent for the country , the CDC says .
But the
figure is much higher in poor areas like the South
Bronx and East Harlem .
When the health department studied diabetes in the city 's 34 major
neighborhoods , the distribution echoed demographic patterns : Diabetes left only a
light imprint on more affluent , white areas like the Upper
West Side and Brooklyn Heights .
The prevalence was about average
in working-class Ridgewood , Queens , and almost nil on the Upper
East Side .
But that apparent immunity is weakening .
Of those 34 neighborhoods , 22
already have diabetes rates above the national average , and the
numbers are rising all over as the city continually remakes
itself .
" New York is switching from a mom-and-pop type of environment to
a chain-store type of environment , a proliferation of fast food ,
even in high-rent neighborhoods they have n't had access to before ,
like the East Village and Lower Manhattan , " said Peter Muennig ,
an assistant professor of health policy and management at Columbia
University .
If changes in daily living can bring on diabetes , they can
also delay it , though it is uncertain for how long .
A federal program studied people around the country at high risk
of getting diabetes , and concluded that 58 percent of new
cases could be postponed by shifts in behavior -- most
notably , shedding pounds .
But Frieden , New York 's health commissioner , says meaningful prevention cannot be
achieved at the city level .
" I can urge people until
