On the first page of the Lakers
media guide this season , as part of a tribute to
George Mikan , is a photograph of the marquee that greeted
pro basketball 's then-biggest star when Mikan arrived Madison Square Garden
for a game in December 1949 .
It read : WED BASKETBALL GEO MIKAN V/S KNICKS.
As legend has it , Mikan was greeted by his teammates before
the game asking if they should wait in the locker
room while he played one on five as advertised .
A half-century later , after two transcendent games over the weekend , Kobe
Bryant might deserve similar billing on the big board next
to Staples Center and the 110 Freeway .
Bryant went ballistic in his return from a two-game suspension , following
up a 48-point game against Philadelphia with a 50-point game
against the Clippers .
The 98 points were the most Bryant
ever has scored in consecutive games in his career .
And Bryant might topped it all with his explanation of the
off-balance bank shot he hit with 11.4 seconds left Saturday
night to beat the Clippers .
" That 's H-O-R-S-E , " Bryant said .
" Like when you 're a kid , you just
play H-O-R-S-E in the backyard and you throw up all
kinds of ( stuff ) and see if it sticks . "
Bryant had 40 points in the second half against the Clippers ,
including the first 11 of the fourth quarter , and laid
claim to the NBA scoring crown over the weekend .
He
has scored 40 points or more in nine games and
is averaging 33.7 points this season .
He set one franchise record by hitting seven 3-pointers without a
miss against the 76ers and nearly set another with his
40-point second half against the Clippers .
Bryant had 42 points
in a half against Washington on March 28 , 2003 .
As Lakers coach Phil Jackson put it after Saturday 's game , " We 're
getting immune to his heroics at times . "
Added Bryant : " Phil asked me with two minutes to go in
the game ( Saturday ) , he asked me if I needed a
breather , just being funny .
I said , ' Coach , I 've been shooting
all jumpshots tonight .
I 'm not even tired . " '
With his 45-point game against Memphis before the suspension , Bryant became
the first player since Michael Jordan in 1990 to score
45 points or more in three consecutive games .
The Indiana Pacers will get their crack at Bryant tonight , a
game for which they sorely could use the suspended Ron
Artest as a defensive stopper .
The Pacers , who came into
Sunday as one of the NBA 's top five defensive teams ,
could start out Stephen Jackson on Bryant .
It is still a team game , but Bryant has accounted for
nearly one-third of the Lakers ' scoring this season and remains
on pace to become only the second player in the
past 30 years ( Jordan is the other ) to take more
than 2,100 shots in a season .
" We know we 're going to have players step up and make
big contributions , " Bryant said .
" We 're not going to think about
this as being a long-haul thing .
We 're just going to
take it game by game . "
Bryant went 19 of 29 in Friday 's game and 17 of
41 Saturday , connecting on a combined 14-of-22 3-pointers in the
two games .
He moved from the backcourt to the wing
in the triangle offense this season and has seized on
the opportunity to be a scorer .
The Clippers finally got the ball out of his hands in
the fourth quarter , but only after committing Chris Wilcox or
Elton Brand to double Bryant at the very start of
possessions , leaving forward Brian Cook open for a 3-pointer and
long jumper .
" It 's just a matter of me stepping back into that zone , "
Bryant said .
" I 'm just being aggressive , just attacking these guys ,
and us as a team , we 're doing a good job
spacing .
" And ( Lamar Odom 's ) doing an excellent job facilitating the offense .
He
takes a lot of pressure off me , where I do n't
have to concern myself with playmaking because that 's what he
does . "
Odom , in particular , was effusive in his praise of Bryant .
When
Odom could n't stop Clippers forward Cuttino Mobley in the third
quarter , Bryant went on his scoring barrage and kept the
Lakers in a game they trailed by as many as
13 .
" I felt like him catching on fire like that , like he
got my back , " Odom said , later adding , " He wills himself
to victory .
That 'll rub off on all of us . "
Cook , meanwhile , was asked if he thought Bryant had affirmed his
status at the NBA 's premier player .
" He 's carried us a lot this season , " Cook said .
" He gets
the job done every night . "
