Struggling to keep pace with its luxury rivals , the parent company
of Saks Fifth Avenue moved Monday to thin out its
management team and put the last of its midprice department
store chains up for sale .
The decision to trim stores -- and executives -- heightened speculation
that the Saks Inc. board is paring down the company
to attract buyers for its last major asset and crown
jewel , the Saks Fifth Avenue chain .
Shares of Saks ,
which is based in Birmingham , Ala. , rose 85 cents Monday ,
to $ 18.71 .
Private equity groups , flush with cash , are eager to snap up
luxury retailers , which routinely outperform the rest of the industry .
Two such groups bought a Saks rival , Neiman Marcus , for
$ 5 billion last year .
Saks Fifth Avenue has fallen behind Neiman Marcus in both profits
and prestige , and executives said the shakeup was intended in
part to close the gap .
Saks said that it would seek a buyer for Parisian , a
chain of 40 department stores that carries designers like Joseph
Abboud and Kate Spade .
The chain generated sales of $ 700
million last year .
Saks has already sold or found buyers for two other department
store divisions -- which included regional names like Proffitt 's and
Carson Pirie Scott -- so the sale of Parisian would
complete its transformation from a sprawling retail company into one
focused on luxury .
Saks said it would replace its existing chief executive , R. Brad
Martin , with Stephen I. Sadove , its vice chairman and chief
operating officer .
It also eliminated the chief executive position at
Saks Fifth Avenue , forcing the executive who now holds the
title , Fred Wilson , to retire .
Saks investors have long complained that the company 's executive suite is
too crowded , a problem that has become more pronounced as
the retailer has sold off its various department store divisions .
Today , five former chief executive officers -- from companies like Donna
Karan , Bergdorf Goodman and Holt Renfrew -- hold seemingly overlapping
titles at the company , retail analysts said .
The departures of
Martin and Wilson will whittle that number to three .
Martin will remain chairman through the end of this year .
" They did n't need all the horsepower they had to run what
is essentially going to be 50 plus stores , " said Harold
D.
Reiter , chairman of the executive search firm Herbert Mines
Associates .
" One could argue , " said executive recruiter Kirk Palmer , " there were too
many cooks in the kitchen . "
In an interview , Sadove conceded that Saks needed to trim its
top ranks .
" Once you have now become more of a
Saks Fifth Avenue-focused company , you do n't need all that management , "
he said .
Sadove , who once led the hair care company Clairol , faces challenges
on several fronts .
Expenses at Saks have grown significantly in
recent years , eating into profits .
Its operating margins were 3
percent in 2004 , compared with 7.7 percent at Nordstrom and
at 9.7 percent at Neiman Marcus .
Its revenues are also lagging behind the competition .
In December , sales
at Saks Fifth Avenue stores open for at least a
year rose 3.1 percent , compared with a 7.7 percent gain
at Nordstrom and an 8.6 percent increase at Neiman Marcus .
( Sales at Saks Inc. , which includes its midprice department stores ,
rose 2.4 percent . )
Sadove said that what troubled him most was not the sales
gap between Saks and its rivals but its relatively low
profitability .
" There are substantial opportunities to reduce costs , " he said .
Referring to Neiman Marcus , he said : " It is not that they
have much better product than us . "
Sadove declined to comment on the much-speculated topic of when or
if Saks Fifth Avenue will be put up for sale .
" We are intent on improving shareholder value , " he said , several
times .
Peter J. Solomon , an investment banker in Manhattan who focuses on
the retail industry , said Saks ' decision to sell Parisian would
leave Saks Fifth Avenue "free and clear so people can
evaluate its value " before a sale , which he predicted would
come in 2007 .
