After poring over Guidant 's confidential financial records for more than a
month , Boston Scientific said Sunday that it would make a
formal , binding bid worth $ 25 billion in cash and stock
for the company .
The offer is expected to set off a takeover battle between
Boston Scientific and Johnson &amp; Johnson , which had already agreed
to buy Guidant for $ 21.4 billion .
Johnson &amp; Johnson lowered
its earlier $ 25.4 billion offer because it said a raft
of safety problems had diminished Guidant 's value .
The board of Guidant , the nation 's second-largest maker of implantable defibrillators
and pacemakers after Medtronic , is expected to meet early this
week to evaluate the proposal .
If Guidant 's board deems Boston
Scientific 's bid to be superior , Johnson &amp; Johnson will have
five days to respond with a new , higher offer .
Investors and analysts have been waiting anxiously to see if Boston
Scientific would be comfortable enough to continue to pursue its
bid after reviewing Guidant 's internal financial and safety records , especially
after it was disclosed last month that the Food and
Drug Administration had new reports about patient deaths associated with
short circuits in Guidant 's heart devices .
In an interview Sunday , James R. Tobin , Boston Scientific 's chief executive ,
said he was satisfied with what he saw at Guidant .
" We did very thorough due diligence , " Tobin said .
" We put a
full-court press on this thing .
The Guidant folks were very
open to us .
Clearly they have some short-term challenges .
We 're
realistic about what we 're dealing with here . "
Tobin added that beyond studying Guidant 's own records , Boston Scientific also
talked to doctors and others involved in health care to
gauge the vitality of the business .
" There are clearly trust issues that have developed , " Tobin said .
" On
the other hand , Guidant 's technology is acknowledged to be right
up there .
And we think there 's an opportunity to regain
that trust . "
As part of Boston Scientific 's formal offer , the company said that
it had reached an agreement to sell two Guidant units ,
its vascular intervention and endovascular businesses , to Abbott Laboratories for
$ 3.8 billion to satisfy regulators if it reaches a merger
agreement with Guidant .
Under the terms of its offer , Boston Scientific said that if
the average closing price of its stock in a 20-day
period before the Guidant board 's approval of the deal is
less than $ 23.62 , Guidant shareholders will receive 1.5241 Boston Scientific
shares for each share of Guidant stock .
If the average
price is greater than $ 28.86 ,
Guidant shareholders will receive 1.2474
Boston Scientific shares for each share of Guidant stock .
Boston Scientific 's offer represents about a 12 percent premium over Johnson
&amp; Johnson 's offer , based on the closing price of Johnson
&amp; Johnson 's shares on Friday .
