Sixteen-year-olds ca n't vote , enter into a legally binding
contract or join the military .
But if they commit a
crime , they can be tried as an adult .
If the
crime is serious enough , they can be put away for
the rest of their lives .
North Carolina and two other states automatically treat 16-year-olds as adults
in criminal courts ; most states set the adult age at
17 or 18 .
The N.C .
Sentencing and Policy Advisory Commission ,
which advises lawmakers on sentencing laws , has begun studying whether
North Carolina should raise the minimum age of adulthood for
criminal cases .
" The underlying theme is are we doing what is most appropriate
for that age group -- 16 to 21 -- in
terms of programs , in terms of the law , " said Susan
Katzenelson , executive director of the sentencing commission .
Among other things ,
she said , the commission will examine the rate of further
involvement in crime for teenagers with adult convictions , versus those
who receive juvenile status .
The commission took up the study at the request of state
Rep.
Alice Bordsen , a Democrat .
Bordsen said the law , which
has been on the books since at least 1919 , makes
no sense in today 's world .
" You are not legally responsible for anyone , much less yourself , until
you are 18 , but if you flip over to the
criminal side of the law we say you are fully
accountable for your crimes , " Bordsen said .
conviction causes for teenagers .
Public schools , community colleges and universities do n't
have to accept them ; employers and the military can reject
them .
That leaves teenagers with few alternatives , and increases the
likelihood they will commit another crime , she said .
than not is stupid rather than evil , " Bordsen said .
recommendation to raise the adult age .
House Minority Leader Joe Kiser ,
a former sheriff , said the law is fine the way
it is .
Lincoln County Republican .
adults in first-degree murder cases , and a juvenile court judge also
can rule that those aged 14 and 15 be tried
as adults for violent crimes such as rape or robbery .
Many states have similar exceptions .
on a judicial track that is far more forgiving .
Their convictions
can be sealed .
Sentences are geared toward treatment , counseling and
education , and they have to be freed by the time
they turn 21 .
president of the N.C .
Conference of District Attorneys , opposes the commission 's
study .
He said there are less dramatic measures that lawmakers
should consider , such as allowing young adults convicted of low-level
felonies to have their record cleared .
criminal courts automatically treat 16-year-olds as adults .
But in contrast with
North Carolina , those states allow for exceptions : 16 - and 17-year-old
defendants can petition to be treated as youthful offenders , Bordsen
said .
under 18 are tried as adults .
But state prison records show
that 396 teenagers 17 and younger were sent to prison
in 2004 to serve sentences as adults .
Of that group ,
55 were 16 years old , six were 15 and one
inmate was 14 .
Only 31 of the 396 teenagers were
female .
said the males are housed in a special prison in Morganton ,
N.C. , where staff members try to get them back on
track academically .
The prison also makes available the services found
at other adult prisons , such as vocational education , substance abuse
treatment and anger management programs .
group , because there are so few .
Serious offenders are housed at
the N.C .
Correctional Institution for Women in Raleigh , while those
with lesser offenses go to minimum-custody adult prisons in Wilmington ,
Black Mountain , Lexington and Rocky Mount .
Acree said prison officials
pay more attention to them because of their age , but
they are not housed separately .
year to examine the age of adult status for criminal charges .
A commission subcommittee conducting the study holds its next meeting
Friday .
