Jordan Farmar 's right foot is usually stuck in an
ice bucket these days .
Maybe that explains why ice is
flowing through his veins .
After Kevin Kruger drained a 3-pointer with 14 seconds left to
give Arizona State a one-point lead , Farmar went to work .
He took the ball from one end of the floor
to the other , drove through the lane , found some room
on the left side and scored on a layup with
3.6 seconds left .
Sprained ankle and all .
And 17th-ranked UCLA escaped with a 61-60 victory over Arizona State
-- winless in the Pac-10 -- Saturday in front of
an announced crowd of 8,940 at Wells Fargo Arena .
" I was just trying to be aggressive and trying to do
whatever I could to help the team win , " Farmar said .
Another game , another clutch shot .
Farmar made all four of his
free throws in the final 20 seconds to give UCLA
a rare win at Arizona on Thursday .
But another game ,
another injury or two .
Arron Afflalo left with a bruised hip after falling hard to
the court after he made a shot and was fouled .
Center Lorenzo Mata got hit in the nose and it
could be fractured .
He 'll have an X-ray today .
Mata had
to shed his bloody No. 14 jersey and play with
No.
44 the rest of the game .
Mata might have
to play with a facemask against Washington State on Thursday .
Afflalo scored 21 points -- he made all 12 of his
free throws -- but did n't play in the final 1:58 .
He landed on his hip and backside after getting fouled .
He made his shot but Darren Collison shot the free
throw for him .
He went to the scorer 's table to check in near the
end of the game but coach Ben Howland ushered him
back to the bench .
Afflalo was checked afterward and did n't
think he 'd miss any time .
He was just about the
last healthy Bruin .
" It 's just a couple of bruises , something ice will take care
of , " Afflalo said .
" I 'm just sore .
It 's nothing long term . "
UCLA ( 13-2 ) improved to 3-1 in the Pac-10 and swept the
Arizona schools for the first time since 1997 .
Arizona State has suffered back-to-back last-second losses .
Lodrick Stewart made a
3-pointer to give USC a win Thursday and then Farmar
gave UCLA the last-second win Saturday .
Kruger tried a last-ditch
attempt when he heaved a shot from midcourt , even though
there was about two seconds left when he shot .
Arizona
State also had a timeout left but did n't use it
to set up a play .
The Sun Devils (6-7 , 0-4 ) were up 29-23 at halftime but
could n't close the game .
Farmar scored nine points and Josh Shipp added 10 . Farmar 's layup
in the waning seconds was n't his only big shot .
Farmar
also scored on a shot in the lane with 35
seconds left to give UCLA a 59-57 lead .
The Bruins made shots when they needed to but they shot
36 percent from the field and made just 1 of
15 shots .
" That was just a tremendous gut-check win " Ben Howland said ." I
thought
we came out kind of flat .
Part of that is
fatigue .
Part of that is coming off a huge win
in Tucson .
And part of that is that they came
out and really took it to us early . "
