WASHINGTON - Three days and a hospital visit after it began ,
the mystery about Vice President Cheney 's left foot came to
an end on Monday .
Sort of .
Spokeswoman Lea Anne McBride , who on Friday would identify the source
of the pain only as a "pre-existing foot condition " said
Monday that it might be gout or osteoarthritis .
Whatever it is , the anti-inflammation medication that Cheney , 64 , is taking
for the foot problem landed him in the hospital early
Monday morning after he experienced shortness of breath .
A White House statement said doctors determined Cheney was retaining fluid
as a result of the medication and placed him on
a diuretic .
Cheney , who has suffered four heart attacks , spent about four hours
at George Washington University Hospital before returning to his northwest
Washington home .
By 2 p.m, he was back at work
at the White House , according to spokeswoman Lea Anne McBride .
( Story can end here ; optional add begins )
On Friday , when Cheney used a cane during trips to Kansas
City and Fort Leavenworth , he joked about it , saying it
resulted from ankle bites from Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld .
Monday afternoon , after White House spokesman Scott McClellan had declined to
offer more details , McBride issued an updated statement noting that
Cheney was "feeling well " and has experienced "occasional bouts with
inflammation in his left foot , sometimes in the heel , which
has been diagnosed as tendonitis , sometimes in the joint of
his big toe , which has not been definitely diagnosed . "
" Some doctors have suggested it might be gout , but he does
not suffer from the acute pain usually associated with gout ,
nor does he have raised levels of uric acid in
his blood , which is also associated with gout , " McBride said .
Gout is a disease that allows uric acid to painfully accumulate
in joints .
McBride added that other doctors have suggested the culprit is osteoarthritis .
In 2000 , Dr. Gary Malakoff , director of internal medicine at George
Washington University Hospital , said Cheney had had episodes of gout .
McClellan said Monday that there is nothing about Cheney 's health that
should prevent him from serving out his term .
President Bush , after a visit to a Glen Burnie , Md. , elementary
school , said Cheney was "doing fine . "
" I talked to him this morning .
His health is good .
He 'll
be coming in to work a little later on today , "
Bush said .
Cheney suffered his first attack in 1978 at age 37 , a
second in 1984 and a third in 1988 .
In August
1988 he underwent quadruple cardiac bypass surgery .
His fourth and most recent heart attack was a mild one
in 2000 .
Cheney , who has a pacemaker , underwent surgery on both knees last
year to repair aneurysms .
Ken Herman 's e-mail address is kherman@coxnews.com
