Theodore H. Bullock , who made wide-ranging studies of sensory and nervous
systems in fish and invertebrates and then used his research
to explore the evolution of the brain in animals , died
on Dec. 20 in San Diego .
He was 90 .
His family confirmed the death .
From 1966 to 1982 , Bullock taught at the Scripps Institution of
Oceanography in San Diego , where he was a professor of
neurosciences , and he continued to conduct research there until last
month .
Bullock was interested in the way animals function and , in the
course of his career , published influential papers that examined their
vision , sense of smell , hearing and sensitivity to electrical fields .
He studied how rattlesnakes employed infrared receptors to detect heat in
their prey and how porpoises used sound underwater to locate
their prey and one another .
But he was probably most
widely known for his work with fish , particularly the electric
fishes of South America , and their use of electrical pulses
in navigation and communication .
In 1965 , Bullock and G. Adrian Horridge published a benchmark two-volume
study of worms , mollusks and other animals , " Structure and Function
in the Nervous Systems of Invertebrates . "
A colleague at Scripps ,
R.
Glenn Northcutt , a professor of neurosciences , described the study
as a " tour de force and a comparative approach that
systematically covered all invertebrates . "
Northcutt continued , " It is a work that endures , that has made
it difficult to write a paper about the subject without
citing one of these two volumes . "
In later papers , Bullock looked at the organization of neurons in
the brain and the neurological basis of animal behavior , in
the field of neuroethology .
Theodore Holmes Bullock was born in Nanking , China , the son of
Presbyterian missionaries .
He received his undergraduate degree and doctorate in
zoology at the University of California , Berkeley .
Bullock taught at the University of California , Los Angeles , before joining
Scripps , which is also part of the University of California ,
and was elected a member of the National Academy of
Sciences in 1963 .
He was a former president of the Society for Neuroscience and
was awarded its Ralph W. Gerard Prize in 1984 .
Bullock is survived by his wife of 68 years , Martha .
The
couple lived in the La Jolla area of San Diego .
He is also survived by a son , Stephen Bullock , a botanist ,
of Ensenada , Mexico ; a daughter , Christine Kasman of San Anselmo ,
Calif. ; and five grandchildren .
