a big change in the character of the downtown area .
In May 2005 , Anthony Forte and his dog , Philly , moved from
his town house in a quiet , residential neighborhood to a
loft condo in the heart of Center City .
Known as
the Jewelers ' Building , one of Philadelphia 's more recognizable buildings , the
106-year-old six-story structure still has much of its original Colonial
Revival detailing intact even though it sat empty for years .
" The city has been a great place for me to live ,
but it 's become much more vibrant , " Forte said .
" Philly always
had its residential areas that are quaint , which some people
love .
But now downtown is extremely diverse , with lots of
residential mixed with restaurants , galleries and high-end retail .
My only
regret is that I got a new car , because I
do n't drive anymore . "
Like 37 percent of downtown residents , Forte
walks to work , the highest percentage of any major American
city , according to census data compiled by the Center City
District .
Levy , the Center City District 's president , said , " We did n't reinvent downtown
living , but in the last five years , it 's been explosive . "
By decade 's end , the city expects to add another 7,000
units .
Now , the tax-abatement programs have become somewhat controversial .
While a small
percentage of wealthier residents are living in high-end properties and
are paying very little in taxes , a majority of the
longtime residents who suffered through the bad years are likely
to see their taxes go up as property values rise .
Mildred Ruffino has lived on the city 's south side for 32
years , with much of her family close by .
The tax-abatement
program , which has spurred housing almost exclusively downtown , is now
spilling over to other neighborhoods .
Ruffino 's street will soon have
eight town houses where a bakery once operated .
" I realize the economic situation and what the city is trying
to do to bring back residents , but it 's exorbitant , " said
Ruffino , who works in the accounting department of an architectural
firm .
" An empty bakery is n't doing anybody any good .
But
10 years is a long time to be tax free . "
Yet there is no question that tax abatements have had an
impact on the city 's real estate and development industry , said
Stephen P. Mullin , a senior vice president and principal of
the Econsult Corp. , an economic research firm in Philadelphia .
" You could n't make money here in Philly building something new five
years ago , " Mullin said .
" Obviously , low interest rates helped as
well .
But even with that , you needed the extra bump .
Now , instead of property values declining , which they were doing
for years , they 're increasing , and everyone benefits from that . "
Even though it is difficult to tease out the precise impact
of tax abatements on the city 's economic fortunes , they have
certainly succeeded as a marketing tool .
" Ads in the real
estate section prominently feature the tax abatement , " said John Kromer ,
senior consultant with the Fels Institute of Government at the
University of Pennsylvania .
" Property taxes in the suburbs have been
increasing .
So this is one area where the city can
