Kumar , the top district government official in the city , according
to activists working on the issue throughout India .
" It 's horrifying , " said Kumar .
" We are trying to do everything in
our power to stop this sex selection that leads to
fewer girl children . "
In Hyderabad , Kumar said that when he started his job in
September 2004 , there was very little oversight of the city 's
389 ultrasound operators , and the problem was worsening .
In the
1991 census , the ratio of girls to boys was 963
to 1,000 , and the 2001 census found 942 girls for
every 1,000 boys .
In one ward , there were just 838
girls to 1,000 boys that year .
In his second month on the job , he invited the city 's
ultrasound operators for a daylong workshop on the law , during
which he warned them that the rules would now be
enforced .
But when he asked for the operators to register
with his office , just 245 of the 389 complied at
first .
After several more months of cajoling the operators , 53 were still
refusing to register .
" So we told them they were committing
a crime and we would enforce the law .
They had
made such a mockery of the system . "
A few months later , he suspended the licenses of 91 centers
that had only partially complied or refused to comply .
His
workers seized 72 ultrasound machines .
And just last month , he
brought charges against four centers .
" We are trying to send
the message out very clearly - they should follow the
law , and that means not telling women the sex of
the fetus , " he said .
Sabu George , a New Delhi-based public health researcher specializing on gender-selective
abortions , said other districts could easily copy Hyderabad 's efforts and
bring charges against non-compliant operators .
But he said the root
causes of the problem will take a long time to
reverse .
" We live in a very unequal society , " he said .
" Women are
not equal on any level .
... In our society , we
also accept violence against women .
Violence in America is very
open .
In India , the violence is often within families .
It
is socially sanctioned to kill our girls . "
The declining ratio of girls to boys also has begun to
lead to societal changes , several health officials said .
In some
areas , young men wishing to marry have had to travel
far outside their homes to tribal areas and propose to
women of lower castes .
And in some cases , the age-old
tradition of a bride 's family paying a dowry to the
groom 's family now is reversed : many grooms now pay the
wedding price .
As the campaign in Hyderabad against gender-selective abortions gains momentum , there
are signs of progress .
At a preschool nursery in one middle-class Hyderabad neighborhood , Rajitha Kunchala ,
24 , the pregnant mother , said she does not know the
gender of her fetus this time , a small victory for
activists trying to clamp down on abortions of female fetuses .
" Doctors are not allowed to tell us , " she said .
" We would
like to know , but it 's illegal . "
