Recently , researchers have come to understand that it is no mere
coincidence that diabetes and cardiovascular disease are closely linked .
Type
2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease share deep molecular roots in
the regulation of sugar and fat throughout the body , said
Dr.
Mitch Lazar , director of the Institute for Diabetes , Obesity
and Metabolism at the University of Pennsylvania .
That relationship makes intuitive sense , because diabetes involves the way food
is metabolized , a process that involves cholesterols , which can cause
blood vessels to clog .
Figuring out the actual mechanism , though , has required studying a small
family of chemical receptors in the body called peroxisome proliferators-activated
receptors , and known as PPAR 's .
The receptors belong to an
extended family of steroid hormone receptors that sit on a
cell 's nucleus and turn on genes that then initiate numerous
changes inside and outside the cell .
Dr.
Ronald M. Evans , a Howard Hughes Medical Institute investigator at
the Salk Institute in San Diego , calls the receptors "master
switches " that regulate fat cells , lipids , glucose and , indirectly , insulin .
It turns out that two long-prescribed classes of drugs flip one
or the other of these master switches .
Drugs like TriCor
and Lopid , cholesterol-lowering drugs called fibrates that are used to
treat atherosclerosis , act by regulating lipids .
Thiazolidinediones , like Actos and
Avandia , used to increase insulin sensitivity in diabetes , act by
regulating glucose and insulin .
Evidence from laboratory and animal studies has shown that thiazolidinediones also
promote cardiovascular health , according to Dr. Jorge Plutzky , director of
vascular disease prevention at Brigham and Women 's Hospital in Boston .
The drugs turn off genes involved in atherosclerosis and inflammation --
another link between diabetes and heart disease -- and turn
on protective genes .
Doctors also observed that Type 2 diabetes
patients taking thiazolidinediones showed fewer signs of heart disease .
All this evidence had raised hopes that fibrate and thiazolidinedione drugs
might decrease heart attacks in Type 2 diabetes patients .
But
recent studies that directly tested the cardiovascular benefit of the
drugs have deflated those hopes .
In Britain , research known as the PROactive trial studying the thiazolidinedione
Actos looked at so many factors in patients taking so
many drugs that results were inconclusive .
Another study , called Field , of the fibrate TriCor found an increase
in deaths from heart attacks , as did smaller studies of
muraglitazar , the first of a new breed of drugs that
combines the properties of a thiazolidinedione with a fibrate in
a single molecule .
No one -- patients , clinicians , researchers or the companies that have
invested millions in research -- knows what to make of
these results .
Ultimately , Plutzky said , they reflect the arduous process
of translating scientific discoveries into clinical practice , and the profound
complexity of diabetes and heart disease .
There is one positive side to the diabetes-heart disease connection .
What
benefits the heart -- healthy diets , exercise and vigilant doctors
-- also appears to prevent or delay Type 2 diabetes .
That possibility makes missed opportunities for early interventions all the
more painful .
As Einhorn of Scripps Whittier put it , " We are catching all
