Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa has chosen the top planner
in San Diego to lead the Los Angeles Planning Department ,
capping a lengthy search for an official who will influence
how the city grows in the 21st century .
The mayor plans to officially introduce S. Gail Goldberg at a
press conference today .
A planner in San Diego since 1988 and the director of
planning there since 2001 , Goldberg is closely associated with a
neighborhood-focused growth strategy that has been dubbed the " City of
Villages " approach .
" While Los Angeles is much larger than San Diego , the fact
is that in both cities we have some wonderful , distinct
neighborhoods that have unique characteristics and people identify more with
the neighborhoods than the entire city , " Goldberg told the Daily
News on Saturday .
" I think in order to increase density or do smart growth
you need to work closely with the neighborhood groups and
concentrate on the areas where the folks are ready to
do some revitalization . "
Councilman Ed Reyes , head of the City Council 's Planning and Land
Use Committee and himself a former city planner , praised the
appointment .
" She brings a certain amount of energy and optimism and a
down-to-earth approach that I think creates a sense of confidence , "
said Reyes .
Los Angeles officials have been searching for a new head of
the Planning Department since Con Howe announced his retirement in
late 2004 .
In September , Villaraigosa appointed an interim director , Mark Winogrond , who spearheaded
a national search .
Ultimately the mayor interviewed three candidates before
settling on Goldberg .
" She understands complex regional issues but she 's also always simultaneously thinking
of it from the community/neighborhood perspective , " Winogrond said .
In San Diego , Goldberg was sensitive to community concerns about preserving
open space and the character of neighborhoods , said David Abel ,
publisher of The Planning Report .
Goldberg said she accomplished this by working closely with dozens of
community planning groups and by tailoring denser , in-fill development to
the character of the surrounding areas .
" Given the mayor 's vision for the role and value of planning
the city of L.A. going forward , there probably is n't a
better professional that he could have chosen in the country , "
Abel said .
Howe , who worked with Goldberg during his tenure as Planning Director
and through the Urban Land Institute , called her " a first-rate
professional " and a strong choice .
" I think they have a very good neighborhood planning program and
I 'm sure she 'll bring some of that to the city , "
he said .
Goldberg will be moving from a department of 100 employees with
a $ 10 million to $ 15 million budget to one of
nearly 300 workers and a $ 20 million budget .
She will also confront critics who have accused the Los Angeles
agency of proceeding project-by-project without a broader vision .
Some have pointed to a lack of resources to explain any
neglect of long-range planning .
Department officials moved last week to
try to ease problems , announcing an expansion that includes 20
new planners .
Goldberg said she is aware of some of the Los Angeles
agency 's challenges , and she said she is heartened by the
recent expansion .
In particular she would like to use the
additional staff to coordinate development and transportation planning .
" We have to do a good job of permit processing , but
that has to be balanced with long-range plans , " she said .
While not familiar with Goldberg , Gordon Murley said he is optimistic
based on his knowledge of San Diego .
A longtime Planning Department critic as a Woodland Hills activist , Murley
was recently appointed to the South Valley Area Planning Commission
by Villaraigosa .
Murley pointed to San Diego 's healthy downtown and university areas and
to the way traffic flows through its subdivisions and freeways .
" I guess she 's been working well in San Diego because a
lot of their planning has been far superior to what
we 've done here , " he said .
Goldberg , 62 and a San Bernardino native , said she was persuaded
to leave San Diego by the excitement of working with
Villaraigosa .
She said she shares his commitment to smart growth and promoting
affordable housing .
" There 's a lot of hope and possibilities in
Los Angeles , " she said .
