FEAR IS freezing parts of the criminal justice system in Massachusetts
that deal with gang violence .
The intimidation of witnesses is
now so routine in Suffolk County that prosecutors estimate 90
percent of their gang cases involve the use of threats
to silence victims or witnesses .
This week should reveal whether
the Legislature is prepared to confront these contemptible practices with
bold action or reach for the blinders .
The Senate did its part by passing a tough bill , sponsored
by Senator Jarrett Barrios of Cambridge , that offers extra protection
for witnesses and harsh penalties for those who seek to
silence them .
Representative Stephen Canessa of New Bedford , who sponsored
the bill in the House , says he expects strong support
Tuesday when debate begins on the House floor .
Others are
less sanguine .
Menino administration officials , anticrime groups , and relatives of
murder victims fear the bill could be watered down by
powerful defense attorneys who serve in the Legislature .
House Speaker
Salvatore DiMasi has met with and listened extensively to both
supporters and opponents of the bill in recent days .
But
DiMasi has given no indication that he will safeguard the
toughest components of the bill .
He has suggested , in fact ,
that the bill is flawed .
The House was tone deaf in October when key members , including
defense attorneys , tried to dilute a bill calling for tough
new penalties against repeat drunk drivers .
It took public outrage
and ferocious advocacy on the part of the family of
a young victim to salvage the bill .
Some legislators may
be thinking that violent crime and intimidation of witnesses is
a big-city concern that wo n't hold the attention of the
wider public .
But the fear of crime does not stop
at the city line .
Canessa says that crime rates in
New Bedford affect the quality of life in the suburban
reaches of his district .
The same certainly holds true for
anyone who works or shops in Boston , regardless of where
they live .
The least controversial portion of the bill would appropriate $ 750,000 for
armed protection and escort of witnesses .
But the more important
components aim to disable criminals who conduct psychological and physical
warfare against both victims and their own associates who choose
to cooperate with the police .
One important measure would make
it easier for prosecutors to win perjury convictions against gang
members who change their testimony between appearances before a grand
jury and the trial .
Another would criminalize the misuse of
grand jury testimony .
Incidents of gang members using such documents
to glean the names of witnesses is " as common as
snow in winter , " says Barrios .
The Legislature needs to strike
back with a bill that puts such practices on ice .
