States , believed it enough to file an unfair labor practice
complaint with the National Labor Relations Board .
The complaint touched off an agency investigation that still is ongoing .
It was Coughlin who worked hardest to keep the union project
-- or at least the idea of it -- alive ,
according to corporate records from Wal-Mart .
Over a period of several years , when he held the title
of chief executive of Wal-Mart Stores , vice chairman of the
U.S. division and board member , he mentioned it frequently to
his underlings , almost always to explain why he needed large
sums of company money .
In 2002 , for example , Coughlin told one of his aides to
prepare two fake invoices , each for $ 5,000 , that " the union
people in Vegas needed , " according to a lawsuit Wal-Mart filed
to strip Coughlin of his retirement benefits .
The aide sent the money , which was used to purchase a
$ 10,810 custom-built hunting vehicle for Coughlin , according to Wal-Mart .
In 1997 , Coughlin told the same aid to obtain a corporate
calling card number so he could make long-distance calls to
" the union people , " Wal-Mart said .
For five years , the company
alleges , Coughlin used the card number to make lengthy telephone
calls to and from cities where his children were attending
college .
Neither Coughlin nor a representative for Wal-Mart returned phone messages on
Sunday .
Coughlin 's employees appeared to have doubts about the union project .
According
to the company , one of Coughlin 's top deputies disclosed in
interviews with company investigators that he "always suspected there was
no union project . "
After reviewing expense account statements and e-mail messages , he concluded instead
that it was a " cover for his fraud . "
But if Wal-Mart employees had doubts about the project , and the
validity of Coughlin 's expenses , they kept them private .
Coughlin , a
6-foot-4 former football player and hunting buddy of Wal-Mart 's founder ,
Sam Walton , was among the most powerful executives at the
company .
By 2003 , as vice chairman , he oversaw Wal-Mart , Sam 's Club and
walmart.com .
For much of that time , ironically , he was responsible
for Wal-Mart 's loss prevention department , which investigated alleged theft and
fraud by employees .
Indeed , Coughlin 's scheme to use misappropriated gift cards and the phony
invoices to pay for person purchases like CDs , beer and
hunting gear was not disclosed by the people he worked
with but a low-level store employee .
The worker called Wal-Mart 's
headquarters to inquire about Coughlin 's use of a gift card
-- originally designated for store employees to improve morale --
to buy a pair of contact lenses .
People briefed on the matter said Coughlin may still advance the
union project defense before a judge later this month in
Fort Smith , Ark. , not far from the company 's headquarters in
Bentonville .
It is unclear why he would pursue such a
defense , since his lawyers presented no firm evidence to support
it and prosecutors found no evidence to back it up ,
according to people involved in the case .
If the plea deal holds , Coughlin may serve more than two
years in jail and pay restitution of at least $ 350,000 ,
