Donald A. Mackay , an artist and illustrator best known for drawing
the evolution of Manhattan , died on Dec. 17 in Frederick ,
Md. , where he retired in 1993 .
He was 91 and
formerly lived in Ossining , N.Y .
The cause was heart disease , his family said .
Mackay crowned a long career in 1987 with the book " The
Building of Manhattan " ( Harper &amp; Row ) .
It was a meticulous
evocation , in text and drawings and in great detail , of
how Manhattan was built from the ground up .
His story progresses from the mastodons , to the Paleo-Indians of about
7,000 years ago , then to the Algonquin-speaking inhabitants of the
island when the first Europeans arrived to found New Amsterdam .
Eventually it shows how structures like subways and ever-higher buildings
gave Manhattan its modern shape .
Chapters detail the work of architects , construction methods and vital city
services .
Mackay was a commercial artist in the 1950s when the excavation
of a bank site on Wall Street piqued his interest .
He followed its progress in his sketchbook and discovered a
new avocation .
" I am a goofer-offer , " he told The New York Times in
1988 , " and used to make thumbnail sketches of construction work
going on nearby . "
As it happened , he had also been
catching up with his forebears , who , he said , had arrived
in the city in the 1640s .
The two interests merged
in the early '80s and , with a lot more research ,
produced a book .
Paul Goldberger , the architecture critic , called " The Building of Manhattan " a
"highly impressive primer for adults , a book that traces the
history of building and construction in Manhattan with clear , reasoned
good sense . "
He termed the sections on the construction of
the Flatiron and Woolworth buildings and contemporary skyscrapers "better than
any textbook . "
Born in Halifax , Nova Scotia , Donald Alexander Mackay grew up in
Boston and attended the Massachusetts College of Art .
He got
a designer 's job in the plastics division of E.I. du
Pont de Nemours &amp; Co. but was laid off during
the Depression .
Serving in the Army during World War II , he wound up
in Europe and , after a year 's studies in Biarritz , France ,
went to work for an art studio in Greenwich Village .
He met and married a fellow artist , Stella DaCosta , with
whom he went to Mexico to study graphics with Alfredo
Zalce ; later he also studied lithography and etching at Pratt
Institute .
Mackay worked as a freelancer , contributing drawings to a number of
publications and illustrating children 's books .
His own artwork included a
series on space flight , nature subjects and illustrations of the
White House and the Metropolitan Opera House .
Mackay 's wife died in 2004 .
He is survived by their sons ,
John , of Tarrytown , N.Y. , and Neil , of Frederick , and four
grandchildren .
