Monday 's suicide bombings at the checkpoint were carried out as revenge
for what al-Qaida in Mesopotamia described in an Internet posting
as abuses suffered by Sunni Arabs in Interior Ministry prisons ,
according to the SITE Institute , a group that tracks and
translates Islamic Web sites .
The posting named the two Iraqi
ministers and the U.S. ambassador , Zalmay Khalilzad , saying the attack
was a message intended to show that " their barricaded places
will not stop the mujahedeen from reaching them . "
But the presence of the senior officials appeared to have prevented
greater carnage .
The police officer who witnessed the attack said
the men had approached him , shown him their passes and
said they were going to the contracts department inside the
ministry .
" I said that we have very important visitors , and we cannot
let anyone enter , " said the officer , who spoke in an
interview from a bed in Kindi Hospital , and declined to
give his name out of concern for his safety .
One of the bombers was moving about nervously , the officer said ,
and when a colleague tried to search him , the man
took several long steps back , revealing wires underneath his jacket .
" My friend told me , run , " the officer said .
The police shot at one of the bombers , who blew himself
up as they fired , wounding two police officers and killing
himself .
The second man became lost in the crowd .
Several minutes later ,
an explosion ripped through the people who had gathered around
to help .
" I felt myself flying through the air and
then smashed on the ground , " the officer said , blood on
his hand and his legs from shrapnel wounds , his body
covered with a blanket .
" My friend shouted to me , 'Please hold me !
Please hold me ! "
the officer said .
" I tried to help him .
He was
very heavy .
I lost consciousness . "
As of Monday night , he did not know whether his fellow
officer had survived .
Among the 16 officers who died were two majors and a
colonel , said an Interior Ministry official , who spoke on the
condition of anonymity because he is not authorized to speak
to the press .
(STORY CAN END HERE.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS. )
Guests at the Police Day ceremony looked around at the time
of the blasts , but the festivities went on without pause .
Besides Khalilzad , Minister of Defense Saidoon al-Dulaimy and Interior Minister
Bayan Jabr were in attendance .
Imposters among the police and army have struck in suicide attacks
before .
In Mosul in 2004 , a man dressed in an
Iraqi Army uniform killed 22 people on an American base ,
and last year , two Iraqis dressed as police commandos walked
into the headquarters of the Wolf Brigade commando unit here
and blew themselves up , killing Iraqis .
Monday 's bombings came as an American military spokesman confirmed that eight
of the 12 passengers killed in a helicopter crash in
northern Iraq on Sunday were American troops .
The other four
were American civilians said the spokesman , Lt . Col . Barry Johnson .
The American military also announced the death of a 56-year-old Iraqi
