William H. Guthman , a prominent antiques dealer who specialized in items
of historical and military Americana and helped make them stars
of the collecting world , died on Dec. 28 at his
home in Westport , Conn .
He was 81 .
The cause was lung cancer , said his wife , Elizabeth Stillinger .
While working as an executive at a manufacturing company , Guthman began
collecting artifacts of the French and Indian and Revolutionary Wars .
In 1966 , he quit his job to become a full-time
dealer in Americana of the Colonial and Federal periods , specializing
in items from America 's earliest militias .
He also began writing
books and articles on the artifacts and their times .
He established Guthman Americana in Westport and exhibited his collections at
New York 's Winter Antiques Show for 32 years .
He was
also a guest appraiser on the Public Broadcasting Service 's " Antiques
Roadshow " for five seasons .
" Bill was one of the very first people to think that
carved powder horns , painted militia drums and painted canteens were
also folk art , " and not just important historical items , the
dealer Christopher Mitchell said .
Mitchell , owner of J. Christopher Mitchell
American Antiques and Militaria in Point Clear , Ala. , was a
colleague of Guthman 's on " Antiques Roadshow . "
" He put these things in front of people who had never
thought of them as collectible items before , " Mitchell said .
" There 's
no question that he was a key in making this
market . "
Guthman 's books included " March to Massacre : A History of the First
Seven Years of the United States Army " ( McGraw-Hill , 1974 ) .
Much of Guthman 's own collection was sold in Sotheby 's auctions in
2003 and 2005 .
William Harold Guthman was born in Chicago in 1924 .
He served
in the Army Air Forces during World War II , and
received a bachelor 's degree in journalism from Northwestern University in
1948 .
In addition to his wife , who lives in Westport , Guthman is
survived by his son , Scotty , of Santa Cruz , Calif. ; his
daughter , Pamela Kissock of San Diego ; two stepdaughters , Alice Stillinger
of Brooklyn Heights and Amelia Stillinger of Manhattan ; and two
grandchildren .
