The weary followers of the Cincinnati Bengals waited 15
years to see their quarterback throw a pass in the
playoffs , and once that ball finally went airborne Sunday afternoon ,
the pain started all over again .
Carson Palmer , Cincinnati 's Pro Bowl quarterback , had barely let his first
pass fly in the first quarter against the Pittsburgh Steelers
when he was hit and his left knee buckled under
him .
He staggered , then fell .
Anybody who has followed the
Bengals for the past decade and a half could have
predicted Palmer 's prognosis .
He tore the anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee and
the Bengals lost to the Steelers , 31-17 , in an American
Football Conference playoff game at Paul Brown Stadium .
That Palmer
completed his lone pass was of little consolation .
He finished
his first career playoff game 1-of-1 for 66 yards .
The pass , which will be deconstructed in Cincinnati through another fruitless
winter , started as scripted .
Palmer lofted a deep spiral down
the Pittsburgh sideline .
The rookie receiver Chris Henry , who was
7 years old the last time the Bengals made the
playoffs , cradled the ball against his chest .
It was Cincinnati 's
first pass in a playoff game since 1990 and the
longest completed pass in the Bengals ' hollow postseason history .
Henry jumped to celebrate His teammates pounded their chests .
The crowd
let out more than a decade of frustration .
Among the
outpouring , no one seemed to notice the starting quarterback lying
on his 5-yard-line .
Perhaps no one wanted to look .
" It was just a sickening feeling , " Palmer said .
" Because I knew
what it was and that my season was over . "
Trainers were booed as they ran onto the field .
The cart
was booed as it drove out of the tunnel .
Kimo
Von Oelhoffen , the Pittsburgh defensive end who had collided with
Palmer 's left leg and had heard the knee snap , was
harassed by a handful of Cincinnati players .
The Bengals were
looking for a culprit when blame might have been assigned
to the gridiron gods who continue to abuse them .
" They were upset , obviously , " Von Oelhoffen said .
" They just lost their
best player . "
Von Oelhoffen , who spent five seasons in Cincinnati , said that he
was simply trying to sack Palmer and expressed his apologies
to the Bengals .
" I ca n't say it did n't affect me , "
Von Oelhoffen said .
" That kid deserved to play in this
game . "
The Steelers , beneficiaries of the Bengals ' misery , will face Indianapolis in
a divisional playoff game next weekend .
For everything that Bill
Cowher has accomplished as the Steelers ' head coach -- he
has won 142 games , been to the playoffs 10 times
and advanced to a Super Bowl -- this was his
first postseason victory on the road .
Cincinnati is apparently not allowed to compete in the playoffs , a
rule that must have been implemented after 1990 .
Without Palmer ,
who led the NFL in touchdown passes ( 32 ) and completion
percentage ( 67.8 ) this season , the Bengals turned to Jon Kitna ,
who had not thrown a touchdown pass in more than
a year .
With 10 minutes 36 seconds left in the first quarter , Cincinnati
players were already hanging their heads on the sideline .
Spectators
were throwing cups from the stands .
Palmer was headed into
the locker room for a magnetic resonance imaging exam , which
revealed the torn ligament that will keep him out at
least until training camp .
Although Kitna guided the Bengals to two touchdowns and two 10-point
leads , players heard the news about Palmer when they reached
the locker room for halftime .
They did not score another
point .
Pittsburgh , meanwhile , scored one touchdown after a 40-yard pass interference penalty
and another on a trick play .
Receiver Antwaan Randle El
took a direct snap and threw the ball back to
quarterback Ben Roethlisberger , who found receiver Cedrick Wilson for a
43-yard touchdown .
The action mercifully ended after an interception by
Steelers ' safety Troy Polamalu , Palmer 's college teammate at the University
of Southern California .
Cincinnati , which had invested 15 years of energy into this game ,
went silent .
It was difficult to walk a block downtown
last week without hearing someone say , " Who Dey , " an abbreviated
version of the Bengals ' adopted chant : " Who dey ?
Who dey ?
Who dey think gonna beat dem Bengals ? "
The chant was
recently turned into a rap video , which the Steelers screened
with interest .
" For them to make a rap video , that is disrespectful to
us , " Pittsburgh receiver Hines Ward said .
" We won the division
for a long time . "
The Steelers and the Bengals seem to be starting a fierce
new rivalry .
When Cincinnati coach Marvin Lewis was asked about
the hit on Palmer , he said : " To sit there and
baby and cry like their quarterback did -- ridiculous . "
It
was a direct shot at Roethlisberger , who complained that Cincinnati
linebacker Odell Thurman hit his knee after the last meeting
between the teams on Dec. 4 .
In all , the Bengals sustained the most collateral damage , losing Palmer
and Henry to knee injuries .
The quarterback and the receiver
responsible for Cincinnati 's first completed postseason pass in 15 years
were promptly exiled .
The Bengals waited a long time for that one pass .
Now
they will need a long time to recover from it .
