Barney and Harriet left their 3,000-square-foot loft in
Brooklyn and scampered back to the country .
With their lease
expired and their acting careers temporarily curbed , they went home
to do what everyone in show business does between gigs :
sit by the phone and wait for someone to throw
them a bone .
Barney , who is not exactly begging for work , can use the
rest .
He spent a year and a half taking bows
alongside Marlo Thomas in " Paper Doll , " a theatrical production staged
in Pennsylvania , North Carolina and Connecticut .
When that curtain closed ,
he left Marlo for Harriet , coming to New York for
a role in " Chitty Chitty Bang Bang , " which ended a
nine-month run on Dec. 31 at the Hilton Theater in
Times Square .
Barney , a miniature poodle , and Harriet , a pit bull , are two
of the hardest-working animals on and off Broadway , having to
endure months of rigorous training to meet the demands of
live theater .
With all due respect to Lassie , Flipper and Mr. Ed , theater
animals face much greater challenges than their television and movie
counterparts .
They do not have the luxury of working with
a trainer who may be standing just off-camera , or of
reshooting a scene should one of them -- at least
in Mr. Ed 's case -- blow a line .
" Barney , Harriet and other animals who perform live must get it
right the first time , " said William Berloni , 49 , a longtime
trainer of theater animals .
" It 's harder for an animal to
perform for an actor on stage as opposed to a
trainer on film . "
The poodle , the pit bull , and a kit and caboodle of
creatures eagerly awaiting their next casting call live on Berloni 's
farm in Haddam , Conn. , which is also his headquarters for
Theatrical Animals , a business that provides talent to film and
theater companies .
Berloni said that throughout the years , most of his clients were
rescued from animal shelters , as was Sandy , the dog he
discovered and trained in the mid-1970s who went from death
row to celebrity row during the Broadway run of " Annie . "
Need a horse to neigh on cue ?
A canary to sing
like a mobster ?
A llama to do , well , whatever you
need a llama to do ?
Just call Berloni , agent to
the stars of the animal kingdom .
Need a trained rat ?
Do n't call Berloni .
" They 're all booked , " he said .
