may be , even Jelly Roll Morton realized it was just
a song .
MEETING WAS ONE FOR THE ARCHIVES
We spoke separately , by phone , with three people involved with " The
Complete Library of Congress Recordings " of Jelly Roll Morton , including
Yale professor and Miles Davis biographer John Szwed , Rounder vice
president Scott Billington , and Anna Lomax Wood , the archivist 's daughter .
Excerpts from the interviews follow :
When Lomax met Morton
JS : Lomax was this 23-year-old guy who had a job at
the Library of Congress and made $ 620 a year .
He
did n't really like jazz because it was popular music at
the time and he thought it was destroying folklore .
He
thought he 'd just ask Morton a few questions .
ALW : Alan walked into this little club in Washington , D.C. , where
Jelly Roll played every night .
And he was struck by
the charm of the man in addition to his music .
I 'm not really sure how the two of them agreed
to do this .
But Alan was very interested in musical
biography .
He began to realize that the singer , the producer
of the culture , the purveyor of the aesthetic , was as
important as the song .
He had done a biography of
Leadbelly .
He did n't intend for this to be a full-scale
thing .
Jelly Roll , I think , did .
The recording
SB : As a composer , [ Morton is ] on par with Duke Ellington
and Charles Mingus .
It surprised me , listening to some of
his compositions , just how modern they are .
They do n't follow
the ... form so many tunes follow .
ALW : Alan starts out [the recording ] with kind of a ploy ,
kind of a challenge to say , How are you going
to deal with the folk song , " Alabama Bound " ?
Could you
do that ?
Jelly Roll did not .
Instead he begins this
absolutely enchanting story about his life ... , he sets the
scene which is incredibly compelling and beautiful .
And then he
comes out with this floating , this ineffably melancholy and happy
at the same time ' Alabama Bound . '
It just bowls you
over .
JS : It did n't take Lomax long to realize he was getting
the history of American music .
Particularly a defense of New
Orleans as a center of things .
New Orleans was not
considered that interesting in the 1930s and 1940s and Morton
was trying to make the case it was central to
America in all sorts of ways .
ALW : My father sat on the floor to give Jelly Roll
the sense of being at the center of this .
He
took photographs this way as well .
He took them from
underneath to give the person the aura of grandeur he
saw in them .
Morton 's motivation
JS : These superstar pop guys like Benny Goodman were using his
music and making a lot of money .
He was n't making
money and he was bitter about it .
So he declared
to people around him that he was going to be
his own public relations agent .
It 's perfectly OK to pay
somebody to say you 're the greatest .
But if you do
