For drivers like David G. Leonard , E-ZPass used to be anything
but easy .
E-ZPass , a plastic transponder that is mounted to a car 's windshield ,
lets motorists zip by highway tollbooths in several states , including
New York , New Jersey and Pennsylvania .
But Leonard , an actuary
who makes frequent business trips to the New York area ,
is based in Ormond Beach , Fla . -- outside E-ZPass territory .
So renting a car in Newark automatically meant spending a
long time waiting to cross each bridge or to use
a tollway .
But on a recent trip , an agent at the Budget Rent
A Car counter offered the option of renting an E-ZPass
transponder for 99 cents a day , tolls not included .
Leonard
readily agreed .
" I think I must have saved more than
half an hour in total by using E-ZPass , " he said .
" I ca n't imagine not having it on my rental now . "
Recognizing the predicament , several companies are rushing to provide technologies that
could open up the fast lanes almost anywhere for any
motorist with a credit card .
Their products , now in the
last stages of development , could one day allow America 's 200
million licensed drivers to use more than 5,000 miles of
tollways in the United States without ever having to wait
in line or fumble for change .
This new highway freedom , analysts say , would amount to the second
stage of the electronic collection revolution , which began in 1993
with the first E-ZPasses issued by the state of New
York .
Many of the new products are being tried out
first by the car rental industry .
But the problem is not so much getting the devices , called
5.9
GHz transponders , into new cars and then modifying toll
readers to accept them , says Peter Samuel , editor of the
Web site Toll Road News .
It is retrofitting older cars ,
which would cost about $ 150 each , or about $ 18.4 billion
for the nation 's existing fleet of cars .
" At the present rate of planning , I would expect to see
toll reader interoperability in about 2020 , " said Samuel .
In the meantime , a few technology companies want to profit by
jump-starting the process .
Budget 's E-ZPass transponders were developed by a
small company called Highway Toll Administration in Great Neck , N.Y .
The tags are being installed in about 1,000 cars in
Budget 's Newark fleet .
But Cendant Car Rental Group , which owns
the Budget and Avis brands , is close to signing an
agreement that will make Highway Toll Administration 's rental tags available
across the country , according to several sources .
