The Dow Jones industrial average Monday closed above 11,000 for the
first time since the terrorist attacks and recession of 2001 .
Despite strong economic growth and rising corporate profits over the past
year , the market has been slow to respond .
Investors have
been concerned that rising interest rates will become a drag
on economic activity .
The Federal Reserve has raised interest rates
13 times since June 2004 as it attempts to control
inflation .
But now , with the Fed signaling that its rate hikes may
be over and businesses continuing to grow , " The market has
finally caught up , " with corporate performance , said Art Hogan , chief
market strategist at Jefferies &amp; Co. in Boston .
The companies
that make up the Standard &amp; Poor 's 500 index of
large companies have posted 13 consecutive quarters of profit growth ,
he noted .
The Dow tracks a cross-section of the country 's largest corporations ranging
from chipmaker Intel Corp. to medical devices giant Johnson &amp;
Johnson and retailer Wal-Mart Stores Inc.
It has been slower
to reflect the expanding economy than indicators such as the
Russell Mid-Cap index , made up of smaller firms such as
building materials supplier Georgia Pacific Corp. and software maker Salesforce .com .
The index rose 13 percent in 2005 .
In comparison , the Dow
fell 1 percent for the year , its worst annual performance
since 2002 .
Monday 's rise of the Dow to 11,011.90 , up 52.59 points for
the day , pushed the index 's close to the highest it
has been since June 2001 .
Its highest-ever close was 11,722.98
on Jan . 14 , 2000 , at the height of the technology
stock bubble .
Ironically , the chief driver of Monday 's increase was a rise in
the shares of General Motors Corp. , the troubled carmarker that
analysts said is likely to reveal price cuts at the
Detroit Auto Show Tuesday .
GM 's shares rose $ 1.61 to close at $ 22.41 , still far below
their level of a year ago when they were at
$ 39.01
apiece .
Financial services stocks including JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co.
and Merrill Lynch &amp; Co. also rose and helped drive
the Dow overall .
Hogan and other investment specialists said they expect continued increases in
large-company stocks could push the Dow close to 12,000 by
year 's end , though they said several factors should keep its
increases to single digits .
For one thing , energy prices remain at historical highs , particularly natural
gas .
The US economy also is due to slow down
from its healthy growth rates of around 3.5 percent later
this year , said Gus Faucher of Moody 's Economy .com , a Pennsylvania
forecasting firm .
Another factor is the tightening labor market , a good thing for
job seekers but a potential source of inflation and profit
cuts if companies have to increase wages to keep workers .
Unemployment stood at 4.9 percent according to figures disclosed Friday ,
among its lowest levels since March .
The labor market still has room to tighten before inflation kicks
in , Faucher said .
Growth measures also lag the peaks of
eight years ago .
" The economy is good but not as
great as it was in the late 1990s , " he said .
For stocks that 's a fine thing , particularly some of the major
companies whose shares have n't grown as much as minor companies
did in 2005 .
Last year 's big winners were energy stocks
driven by hurricane-induced price spikes , and foreign companies that make
up lucrative but risky Asian and Latin American indexes .
Now large company stocks may have their turn .
Harvey Hirschhorn , chief
portfolio strategist for Bank of America , said he 's keeping the
Charlotte bank 's holdings heavily in healthcare companies and financial service
firms , especially those that are likely to increase their dividend
payments .
He noted investors also are starting to put money back into
stocks after years of slow growth convinced many to try
alternative investments such as real estate and precious metals like
gold .
" We 're seeing the cash coming in from the sidelines , "
he said .
The Dow has flirted with 11,000 several times since November but
fallen , prompting talk of a psychological barrier scaring off new
money .
Even Monday the index was hesitant after it first
crossed the mark around 1 p.m. and dipped below several
times before a late-day rally around 3:30 pushed it over
the top .
Pioneer Investment Management executive vice president Charles P. Mayer said the
gap between the Dow 's performance and the steady increase of
other indexes reflects lingering skepticism toward large companies , only now
receding as their earnings catch up .
The Dow 's membership has
also included some infamous corporate basket cases like Enron Corp.
" The large-caps did so well in the 1990s that people
needed a breather , " Mayer said .
Ross Kerber can be reached at kerberglobe .com .
