Harry Magdoff , who became intrigued with Marxist thought at 15 and
became an influential socialist economist , author , editor and commentator --
and , some said , a Soviet spy -- died on Jan .
1 at his home in Burlington , Vt .
He was 92 .
His son , Frederick , announced the death .
Magdoff , in his 1969 book " The Age of Imperialism : The Economics
of U.S. Foreign Policy , " argued that the United States had
an empire in all but name .
His contention that American
imperial ambitions , not anti-communism , provoked the Vietnam War struck a
responsive chord during that conflict .
The book sold more than
100,000 copies and was translated into 15 languages .
For many years , Magdoff was co-editor of Monthly Review , a socialist
journal , with Paul Sweezy , an influential Marxist economist who died
in 2004 .
Together , they wrote many articles , some published in
five books of essay collections .
Their combined work , to which
Magdoff supplied the more technical economic analyses , added up to
a running commentary on what they deemed inherent deficiencies of
modern capitalism .
Magdoff also held several influential positions during the Roosevelt and Truman
administrations , in which he developed and put into effect new
ways of measuring the productivity of labor .
His last federal
post was as a top aide to Commerce Secretary Henry
A.
Wallace , a former vice president who ran for president
on a leftist agenda in 1948 .
In 1950 , Richard M. Nixon , then a congressman , released a report
accusing Magdoff of being part of a spy ring that
fed secret economic data to the Soviet Union .
Magdoff declined
to answer questions about the allegations at a Senate hearing
in 1953 and continued to refuse to talk about the
matter in recent years as details emerged from American and
Russian archives that some contend added weight to the earlier
charges .
In any case , security concerns made it impossible for Magdoff to
remain in government .
He worked at a series of private
sector jobs , sometimes under assumed names , including salesman for a
television production company , insurance broker and stockbroker , a job that
he , as a Marxist , particularly loathed .
He gained a measure of financial security by acquiring part ownership
in Russell &amp; Russell , a publisher of previously out-of-print scholarly
books .
He taught part time at the New School for
Social Research and elsewhere .
Henry Samuel Magdoff was born on Aug. 21 , 1913 , in the
Bronx , to immigrants from Russia .
His father was a housepainter ,
and one of Magdoff 's earliest memories was the glee with
which family and friends greeted the downfall of the czar .
He remembered that as a child he was perplexed , then enraged ,
when he heard in a playground that Britain "owned " India .
At 15 , he read Marx 's " Contribution to a Critique of
Political Economy , " which aroused his interest in radical economics .
He
said his most influential youthful experience was witnessing a demonstration
of the unemployed in Union Square in Manhattan in 1930 .
At City College of New York , he studied engineering , physics and
mathematics before being expelled in a dispute with administrators over
a leftist student publication .
The expulsion came after he helped
stage a mock trial of the college president and other
officials , none of whom attended .
In 1932 , Magdoff visited Chicago to participate in the founding conventions
of the National Students League and the Youth League against
War and Fascism .
During that trip , he married Beatrice Greizer ,
known as Beadie , who had been marching on picket lines
with her pro-union mother since she was a preschooler .
Beatrice Magdoff died in 2002 after nearly 70 years of marriage .
Their son Michael has also died .
In addition to his
other son , Frederick , of Burlington and Fletcher , Vt. , Magdoff is
survived by a grandson .
After finishing his undergraduate degree at New York University , Magdoff went
to Philadelphia to work for the Works Progress Administration , trying
to solve interesting economic problems .
" You sat in an office supplied with research materials and were
paid every week to sit and think why there was
so much unemployment , " he said in an interview in Monthly
Review in 1999 .
" Who needed heaven ? "
In 2004 , Magdoff wrote about his friendship with Che Guevara , one
of his revolutionary heroes .
At what proved to be their
final meeting before Guevara 's death in 1967 , Magdoff asked what
he could do to help Cuba .
" Keep on educating me , " was the response .
