Judge Samuel A. Alito Jr. began his public drive
for a seat on the Supreme Court on Monday by
offering a reassurance of his belief that judges should have
no agendas of their own .
But he steered clear of
any discussion about his views on abortion , presidential power and
other divisive issues , setting up a more direct confrontation with
Democrats on Tuesday over his suitability for the court .
On the opening day of the hearing before the Senate Judiciary
Committee , Alito sketched his background and set out only a
very generalized description of a belief in the need for
independent-minded jurists .
" The role of a practicing attorney is to achieve a desirable
result for the client in the particular case at hand , "
Alito said in remarks that lasted about 11 minutes .
" But
a judge ca n't think that way .
A judge ca n't have
any agenda .
A judge ca n't have any preferred outcome in
any particular case .
And a judge certainly does n't have a
client .
" The judge 's only obligation -- and it 's a solemn obligation --
is to the rule of law , " he continued .
" And what
that means is that in every single case , the judge
has to do what the law requires . "
The day 's proceedings began the formal process of weighing Alito 's nomination
to the Supreme Court seat vacated by Justice Sandra Day
O'Connor , who is retiring .
President Bush , after having breakfast with Alito at the White House
on Monday morning , told reporters that he wanted the Senate
to "give this man a fair hearing and an up
or down vote on the Senate floor . "
Setting out the liberal case against Alito , Sen. Edward M. Kennedy ,
D-Mass. , said he had grave concerns about what he characterized
as Alito 's support for an "all-powerful executive branch , " a record
of supporting powerful institutions over individuals , hostility to the concept
of one person , one vote and opposition to abortion rights .
He also raised questions about Alito 's credibility .
Republicans portrayed him as exceedingly well qualified and well within the
mainstream of conservative thought .
" I want to remind the American people that this nominee , Judge
Alito , has been confirmed unanimously by the United States Senate ,
not once but twice , " said Sen. Charles Grassley , R-Iowa , referring
to Alito 's nomination to the 3rd U.S. Circuit Court of
Appeals 15 years ago and his earlier confirmation as a
federal prosecutor .
