security during the Korean War required uninterrupted access to steel .
In June 1952 , in a 6-3 decision , the Supreme Court rejected
the various legal rationales offered by the Truman administration for
the seizures .
Many of those rationales have echoes in the
justifications offered by the Bush administration for its detention of
enemy combatants , harsh interrogations and domestic surveillance without court approval .
Writing for the court , Justice Hugo L. Black said the president 's
power was extensive but not unlimited .
" Even though 'theater of war ' be an expanding concept , " Black wrote ,
" we cannot with faithfulness to our constitutional system hold that
the commander in chief of the armed forces has the
ultimate power as such to take possession of private property
in order to keep labor disputes from stopping production .
This
is a job for the nation 's lawmakers , not for its
military authorities . "
There are , of course , obvious differences between the Youngstown case and
recent efforts to combat terrorism .
The seizure of the steel
mills , for instance , was a wholly domestic matter .
The surveillance
program , by contrast , monitors international communications between the United States
and other nations .
The Korean War was , moreover , a conventional
one , while terrorism involves a more amorphous threat .
It is not entirely clear why Jackson 's concurrence has had such
a lasting impact .
It may be because he spoke with
particular authority , having argued for expansive executive power as President
Franklin D. Roosevelt 's attorney general , much as Alito did when
he was a lawyer in the Reagan administration .
" That comprehensive and undefined presidential powers hold both practical advantages and
grave dangers for the country , " Jackson wrote in the concurrence ,
" will impress anyone who has served as legal adviser to
a president in time of transition and public anxiety . "
(STORY CAN END HERE.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS. )
He proposed three categories to judge the constitutionality of assertions of
executive power .
His framework may be thought to endorse or
reject the Bush administration 's position , depending on how various congressional
actions are understood .
The president 's authority is at its maximum , Jackson wrote , when he
"acts pursuant to an express or implied authorization of Congress . "
The administration says that a resolution authorizing the president to
use military force after the Sept. 11 attacks was such
authorization .
In his opening statement , Graham said he was troubled by that
argument .
" I 've got some problems , " Graham said , " with using a force resolution
to the point that future presidents may not be able
to get a force resolution from Congress if you interpret
it too broadly . "
Jackson 's second category was " a zone of twilight " in which Congress
has taken no action .
In that case , he said , "any
actual test of power is likely to depend on the
imperatives of events and contemporary imponderables rather than on abstract
theories of law . "
The third category is where the president takes action at odds
with the will of Congress .
A 1978 law , the Foreign
Intelligence Surveillance Act , appears to require court approval before monitoring
of the sort the administration has acknowledged .
