Cox News Service WEST PALM BEACH -- When the Florida Supreme
Court finally smashed Gov. Bush 's " Opportunity Vouchers , " the governor wailed
that it was " a sad day for accountability , " and I
darned near choked on my bratwurst .
conspicuously never had .
They worked like this : After the state determined
a public school is failing under constantly changing rules in
a misuse of statewide testing , a student had the opportunity
to transfer to a better public school or take state
money to a private or parochial school .
As my colleague
Jac VerSteeg keeps writing , the private schools are n't accountable for
meeting the standards that voucher students ' original schools failed to
meet .
He keeps writing that because an incredible number of
Floridians , including most lawmakers , still do n't get it .
Public schools are held to a sometimes unattainable standard .
Private and
parochial schools can do whatever they wish .
That 's OK , but
with the vouchers they do it with state money from
students for whom the state still has some residual responsibility
even if it is n't interested in exercising it .
The Supreme
Court said last week by a 5-2 count that the
arrangement , of which the governor is inordinately proud , is n't constitutional .
The court did n't decide the case on the basis of the
state constitution 's ban on spending state money for religious purposes ,
such as parochial schools .
That 's the 19th-century " Blaine Amendment " named
for a Maine senator who thought the pope planned to
take over the country .
He could n't block the pope with
the U.S. Constitution , but he got several states , including Florida ,
to adopt his strategic defense initiative .
Chief Justice Barbara Pariente
explicitly said the court majority did n't want to go into
the Blaine Amendment .
The court , instead , decided the case under Article IX , which requires
a "uniform , efficient , safe , secure and high quality education system . "
The schools taking vouchers are not uniform , and the state
has chosen not to ask whether they are efficient .
In
1998 , Florida voters added to that section of the constitution
words to the effect that public education is a "paramount
duty of the state . "
They also elected Mr. Bush that
year , so he should know about the amendment .
The Legislature passed the voucher law in 1999 , and it immediately
came under legal challenge .
Everyone knew that the Supreme Court
would have to say the last word .
Instead of waiting
for the ruling , which would indicate respect for the constitution ,
Gov.
Bush and his wrecking crew stalled it and set
about creating facts on the ground -- about 700 students
with vouchers in all .
The high court , when it finally
got the case , had to disappoint them .
Fortunately for Florida , the justices put the constitution ahead of popularity .
They disappointed 700 students , knowing that Gov. Bush and his
friends will demagogue them to the point of pain .
The executive branch 's firm belief in the Jebian Supremacy remains even
in the face of the Supreme Court .
Gov. Bush said
he will " calmly " decide what to do next .
Following the
constitution as definitively interpreted by the court does not seem
to be an option .
Gov.
Bush had Plan B teed up in anticipation of last
week 's loss .
The decision on Plan A seems to un-tee
Plan B as well , though .
It is corporate vouchers that
work like this : A business gives students vouchers to use
at those private and parochial schools and deducts the amount
of the vouchers from its state tax bill .
The big
brains that confected that dodge contend that the money is n't
the state 's because the state never had it .
Call that
accountability if you can .
The fact is , though , that the state would have had that
money in taxes -- and would have needed it if
the Bush administration had any slim intention of running a
"uniform , efficient , safe , secure and high quality system of free
public schools . "
But Jeb Bush never had such an intention .
He had what he thought were better ideas and oozed contempt
for the public schools when he ran for governor .
For
more than seven years , he has sowed confusion , pettifogging rules
and news releases .
Plan C may be to change the constitution .
In a Jebian
Supremacy , if the constitution wo n't let the governor do what
he wishes , then the constitution must be wrong .
The confusion ,
pettifogging and news releases continue .
Floridians should know whom to
hold accountable for the locust years of the public schools .
Tom Blackburn is a columnist for The Palm Beach Post .
E-mail :
tom--blackburn AT pbpost.com
