or canceled flights for passengers and significant cost savings for
airlines .
At Reagan National Airport , the RNP procedure has already proved itself .
Since the system 's quiet approval in September , Alaska Airlines --
the only airline certified to use the procedure there --
has used it 10 times to land at the airport
on the west bank of the Potomac River , said airline
spokeswoman Amanda Tobin .
Three of those times , Alaska was able
to land successfully when other airlines ' planes were forced to
divert to other airports .
At Juneau , where the system has been in use the longest ,
RNP has saved hundreds of flights from diversion , the company
said .
Throughout Alaska 's system , the airline flies about 6,000 RNP approaches a
year , said Kevin Finan , the airline 's vice president of flight
operations .
That navigation system typically saves the airline about 800
diversions or cancellations a year .
In addition , RNP has helped bring customers to their destinations when
less-sophisticated instrument landing systems would have been inadequate .
For isolated Alaska communities , the RNP system has made connections more
reliable even in the inhospitable weather that plagues the 49th
state .
No straight lines needed
With the FAA , the SeaTac-based carrier has developed RNP navigation programs
for several other difficult airports , including Palm Springs , Calif. , Sun
Valley , Idaho , San Francisco and several smaller Alaska cities .
The advantage of the RNP system compared with a conventional Instrument
Landing System is that the plane 's path toward the airport
does n't have to follow a straight line , said Sarah Dalton ,
Alaska 's director of airspace and technology .
Instead , the RNP path can follow a curving path with irregular
altitude changes that are required in some particularly hemmed-in airfields .
The RNP approach to Reagan from the north , for instance , follows
the meanders of the Potomac River past some of the
most recognizable landmarks of the nation 's capital : the Watergate apartments ,
the Kennedy Center , and the Lincoln Memorial .
That path down the river was picked to minimize the noise
impacts on such upscale residential areas as Georgetown and Foggy
Bottom while keeping the plane clear of security-sensitive offices and
landmarks .
The RNP system is so precise that the FAA allows planes
to land in much worse weather than they would in
a conventional instrument landing approach , Finan said .
At Reagan , for
instance , aircraft using RNP can land when visibility is 1.25
miles and with a ceiling of just under 500 feet .
With a conventional approach , the limits would be 2.25 miles
visibility and a 750-foot ceiling .
FOLLOW THE LEADER
Other airlines are following Alaska 's lead .
Both JetBlue Airways and American
Airlines have applied to use the RNP approach to Reagan .
Continental Airlines uses RNP at several airports , including Tel Aviv
in Israel .
Alaska and the FAA now are developing RNP approaches to more
airports that frequently experience weather delays .
In this state , Wenatchee
is in line for such an approach .
Nationwide , the FAA
plans to create RNP approaches this year to 25 additional
airports , including JFK in New York , Chicago 's boxed-in Midway Airport
