Cox News Service INDIANAPOLIS -- The ever-larger sums of money spent
on college sports create " a looming crisis " that could threaten
schools ' integrity , a group of university presidents warns .
values of individual institutions is very real , and in time , the
entire academic enterprise can be diminished by such disasters , " according
to a draft version of a report from the NCAA
presidential task force 's fiscal responsibility subcommittee .
The problem : There 's little the NCAA can do to stop its
members ' athletics spending spree .
One ill-fated attempt several years ago
-- legislation that restricted the earnings of one men 's basketball
coach on each staff -- resulted in a lawsuit that
cost the NCAA millions of dollars .
A year after NCAA president Myles Brand created the task force
to tackle the problem , the task force announced that it
will propose no legislation .
Instead , it hopes to develop tools
that help presidents keep their athletics departments in line .
Meanwhile , the NCAA struggles to write rules to try to maintain
integrity in an ever-changing world .
On Monday , the NCAA Division
I Board of Directors deferred until April action on proposals
that would revise restrictions on the use of athletes ' names
or pictures in charitable or educational promotional campaigns .
At least one member of the board expressed concern about those
promotional campaign items linking athletes with commercial products that act
as partners with the school .
" The using of a student 's image to sell a product is
for me a slippery slope , " University of Georgia President Michael
Adams said Sunday .
Universities took a step down that slope years ago with a
rule change allowing commercial logos , such as the Nike Swoosh ,
on team uniforms .
At the time , Adams wrote a letter
of objection to then-NCAA president Cedric Dempsey .
" I could 've put my money where my mouth is and when
the [ University of Georgia ] Nike contract came up not renewed
it , " Adams said .
He did renew that contract , but that 's
as far as he wants to go .
" I do n't want a University of Georgia jersey to look like
a South American or European soccer jersey , " Adams said , and
he added that schools should limit advertising sign ?age at sports
venues .
" I do n't think we ought to look like the
typical professional operation , " he said .
Cutting baseball to 52 games hits a roadblock
Should baseball teams play 56 or 52 regular-season games ?
The athletics
department and conference administrators and faculty athletics representatives of the
Division I management council want the season left at 56
games .
Many of the presidents on the Division I Board
of Directors want to cut it to 52 .
On Monday , the board gave final approval to a rule that
pushes back the start of the season until late February
but deferred until April a decision on whether to cut
the season .
The later start date , effective next year , is
intended to make things fairer for northern schools , which ca n't
play early home games because of the weather .
" That 's very disappointing .
That 's amazing , " Georgia Tech baseball coach Danny Hall
said of the board 's threat to override the Management Council
vote to preserve a 56-game schedule .
" A lot of us are concerned about the academic performance of
baseball teams , " said board member Walter Harrison , president of the
University of Hartford .
Baseball teams performed poorly in the NCAA 's Academic Progress Rate .
" I do n't think the amount of games has anything to do
with the APR , " Hall said , adding that the low APRs
have more to do with the high number of baseball
players who transfer from one school to another .
Mike Knobler writes for the Atlanta Journal-Constitution . E-mail : mknobler AT ajc.com
