THE LIGHT OF LOVE
In the animal world , there are many kinds of signals that
pass between the sexes when it comes to choosing a
mate , like the colors of plumage in birds .
Naturally , humans
have tended to concentrate on what they can see .
In
recent years , however , scientists have been studying the ultraviolet spectrum .
In some bird species , females assess potential mates by gauging ultraviolet
reflectance of the males ' plumage -- the reflection of ultraviolet
light .
If UV signals work in seduction , might they also work in
battle ?
A study by Jessica Stapley and Martin J. Whiting
at the University of Witwatersrand in South Africa shows that
they do .
The researchers studied Platysaurus broadleyi , an African flat lizard .
In males
of this species , the throat is highly reflective in the
ultraviolet range , which is invisible to humans .
When a male
encounters another male , it makes a display by expanding its
throat .
The other male may challenge it and make a
display of its own , in which case a fight can
ensue , or it may back off .
The researchers tested this signaling mechanism by applying UV-absorbing sunscreen to
the throats of some males .
( As a control , other lizards
had plain moisturizing lotion applied . )
The researchers found that when
males had their UV reflectance reduced , they were more likely
to be challenged by other males and the encounter was
more likely to escalate into a fight .
The study , published in the journal Biology Letters , shows that males
use UV reflectance , and not other factors like body size ,
as an initial gauge of aggressiveness and fighting ability .
Reducing
UV reflectance had no effect on fighting ability , however , so
some of the lizards got more than they bargained for
when they picked a fight with a low-UV opponent .
HOT WATER SHRIMP
Hydrothermal vents in the deep ocean are very odd places , with
extremely hot water under high pressure spewing out of cracks
in the seafloor .
The environment is rich in hydrogen sulfide ,
metals and minerals .
Many organisms live around hydrothermal vents , including shrimp of the family
Bresiliidae .
As befitting their odd environment , these shrimp are rather
strange -- for one thing , they 're blind .
They are thought to have diverged from other shrimp relatively recently
( perhaps 20 million years ago ) .
But little is known about
how and when some of these crustaceans made it to
the deep ocean vents .
A genetic analysis by Gaku Tokuda and colleagues at the University
of the Ryukyus in Okinawa , Japan , has provided some answers .
The study , published in Biology Letters , showed that shrimp found at
a hydrothermal vent site 5,000 feet down in the Okinawa
Trench were only distantly related to the main lineage of
decapod crustaceans ( shrimp , lobsters and crabs ) .
They were more closely related to another family of shrimp that
live in completely different conditions -- shallow seas or fresh
water .
So the researchers suggest that it is likely the
deep-sea shrimp evolved from those that lived in shallows .
The researchers also compared the Okinawa Trench shrimp with some of
the same genus from another deep-sea site ( though without vents )
at Sagami Bay , 1,200 miles to the northeast .
The two
had much in common genetically , and by studying the differences
the researchers were able to determine that the two probably
became separated less than 100,000 years ago .
They also have an idea how it happened : the Okinawa shrimp
could have hitched a ride on the Kuroshio current , which
flows from the East China Sea to the North Pacific .
Other deep-sea creatures may have been dispersed by similar currents ,
they say .
EXCAVATE LUXOR , REMOTELY
If you 've wondered what an archaeological dig in an exotic locale
is like , Betsy Bryan , a Johns Hopkins archaeologist , is offering
a glimpse on the Web.
Her latest dig in the
Mut Temple precinct at Luxor , Egypt , is being chronicled this
month at www .jhu.edu/neareast/egypttoday .html , with photographs by Jay VanRensselaer and commentary
by Bryan .
