If you want to point fingers after
the Panthers ' public stoning of the Giants , there 's one problem :
The good Lord provides us with only 10 fingers .
But on a playoff Sunday when the Giants were shut out
for the first time in nearly 10 years , Tiki Barber
lent an index finger -- and fingered his coaches .
Yes , the face of the franchise , the All-Milky-Way running back with
the omni- present smile who rarely has a cross word
for anyone and surely helps doddering grandmothers cross the Lower
Eastside 's streets , did n't give Giants coaches the same free pass .
Barber said of the Panthers , " I do n't think they were more
physical .
I think in some ways we were outcoached . "
Asked about Plaxico Burress 's not catching a pass Sunday , Barber replied
that was " just a testament that our game plan was n't
the right one . "
The Giants erred by not using quicker ball snaps on running
plays , he said , which allowed additional Carolina defenders to crowd
the box when the Giants lined up in running formations .
" Whereas when we were going on quick sounds we were
effective , " Barber said .
" We were getting 4 or 5 yards
per play .
But I think we played into their scheme
and it ended up ultimately costing us this game .
...
We were n't able to adjust when we got eight and
nine guys in the box and our running game was
stifled . "
The Giants were prepared for the game , Barber said , but he
also praised Panthers coach John Fox before and after criticizing
his own coaches .
Barber may be the most media-savvy pro athlete alive , so when
he reproaches his coaches yet says Fox is a "great
defensive coordinator and they had a great scheme and a
great plan for us and we could n't adjust to it , "
the message might as well be spelled out in Day-Glo
green , so easy it is to decode .
But someone offered Barber a trapdoor through which to escape , if
he wished , to soften his stance , noting " not a lot
of teams moved the ball real well on this defense .
Do you think you might be a little too hard
on the coaching staff ? " " No... , " he replied .
Would n't you love to be a fly on the wall when
Tom Coughlin asks Barber why he 's providing public job evaluations
of the guys for whom Barber works ?
But Barber is at least partly right .
The Giants lost for
myriad reasons , including their being outcoached .
These teams possessed equal
talent yet played a shockingly lopsided game that the Giants
lost at home .
A loss you could accept .
Carolina , to its credit , "played the
closest we 've come to mistake-free football since I 've been here , "
said defensive tackle Brentson Buckner , who joined the Panthers in
2001 .
When that happens , you 'll lose nearly every time .
The Panthers made the Giants offense one-dimensional by controlling the line
of scrimmage , so Barber ran into spaces as small as
keyholes .
The Panthers ' offensive line mangled the Giants for 223 rushing yards
at 5 yards a pop and possessed the ball for
nearly 43 minutes , one of the most astounding and telling
stats you 'll see .
And Eli Manning proved once and for all the hype has
exceeded his performance , throwing interceptions in the second half on
three consecutive possessions .
Though everyone is loath to say so ,
he regressed when he should have been improving .
At this
stage in his career , he 's in the bottom third of
starting NFL quarterbacks because of erroneous decisions and throws such
as those on Sunday .
" You ca n't put it on him .
It was a team loss , "
center Shaun O'Hara said .
" The important thing is to not
point fingers .
There 's an old saying : ' Make a fist and
all the fingers point back at you . " '
But the next time Coughlin and Barber speak , which may already
have happened , voices may rise and fingers might wag and
point -- at each other .
(E-mail : bettkin@timesunion.com . )
