The death knell for the traditional company pension has been tolling
for some time now .
Companies in ailing industries like steel ,
airlines and auto parts have thrown themselves into bankruptcy and
turned over their ruined pension plans to the federal government .
Now , with the recent announcements of pension freezes by some of
the cream of corporate America -- Verizon , Lockheed Martin , Motorola
and , just last week , IBM -- the bell is tolling
even louder .
Even strong , stable companies with the means to
operate a pension plan are facing longer worker lifespans , looming
regulatory and accounting changes and , most importantly , heightened global competition .
Some are deciding they either cannot , or will not , keep
making the decades-long promises that a pension plan involves .
IBM was once a standard-bearer for corporate America 's compact with its
workers , paying for medical expenses , country clubs and lavish Christmas
parties for the children .
Perhaps most importantly , it rewarded long-serving
employees with a guaranteed monthly stipend from retirement until death .
Most of those perks have long since been scaled back at
IBM and elsewhere , but the pension freeze is the latest
sign that today 's workers are , to a much greater extent ,
on their own .
Companies now emphasize 401( k ) plans , which leave
workers responsible for ensuring that they have adequate funds for
retirement and expose them to the vagaries of the financial
markets .
" IBM has , over the last couple of generations , defined an employer 's
responsibility to its employees , " said Peter Capelli , a professor of
management at the Wharton School of Business at the University
of Pennsylvania .
" It paved the way for this kind of
swap of loyalty for security . "
Capelli called the switch from a pension plan to a 401( k )
program " the most visible manifestation of the shifting of risk
onto employees . "
Pension advocates said they were dismayed at the sight of rich
and powerful companies like IBM and Verizon throwing in the
towel on the traditional pension .
" With Verizon , we 're talking about a company at the top of
its game , " said Karen Friedman , director of policy studies for
the Pension Rights Center , an advocacy group in Washington .
" They
have a huge profit .
Their CEO has given himself a
huge compensation package .
And then they 're saying , ' In order to
compete , sorry , we have to freeze the pensions . '
If companies
freeze the pensions , what are employees left with ? "
