senior-level managers , and then provide them with the necessary training ,
coaching , and managerial experiences to fully grow them into upper
management . "
Another 39 percent of surveyed companies said they have already started
getting lower-level employees ready for the challenge to higher positions .
The new trend has resulted in firms hiring fewer top
executives from other organizations .
Where it once had been commonplace , only 29 percent of firms
surveyed reported hiring an executive away from a direct competitor ,
and only 20 percent are hiring people outside of their
industries for upper-management positions .
" Among the major reasons why executives recruited from the outside fail
in their new jobs is their lack of familiarity and
compatibility or fit with the company 's culture , " Mollor said .
" Companies must have a good succession management system which tracks the
executive qualities , skills , and abilities that have been the most
instrumental in their managers ' and organization 's successes , " he said .
Stewart , Trump seen most like real bosses
Work-related reality television programs were popular in 2005 , with multiple versions
of the hit show " The Apprentice , " among others , topping the
ratings charts .
Small wonder then that Martha Stewart took top
honors from frustrated workers in a recent survey as the
character most like their own real-life bosses .
The study , conducted and released by Badbossology .com ,
an online support website
for workers , and Developments Dimensions International , a Pittsburgh human resources
consulting firm , found 32 percent of respondents said Stewart 's "acts-nice-because-she-has-to "
strategy most closely mimics their own boss 's behaviors .
Fellow " Apprentice " boss Donald Trump , described most often by survey takers
as "autocratic " and a "know-it-all , " was picked by 24 percent
of the workers who participated .
" American Idol " dream-crusher Simon Cowell , cited as "obnoxious and pretentious " by
workers , took third place with 20 percent of the vote .
Other notable yet still less-than-desirable TV bosses recognized by workers : Jack ,
the "reluctant leader " boss from ABC 's hit " Lost , " who garnered
12 percent of the vote , and Gil Grissom , the "emotionally
unavailable " technical guru from CBS 's " CSI. "
EMPLOYMENT
Job activity in '06 expected to intensify
Still looking for a job after recent job-market changes ?
This could
be your year to shine .
Even as the nation struggles to rebound from a turbulent 2005 's
economic wavering , the job market should be more active this
year as firms look to hire additional workers and employees
begin seeking better positions , according to a study of senior
human resource executives by Novations , the Boston consulting and training
organization .
At least three-quarters of companies will maintain or increase their current
hiring trends of 2005 this year , with 26 percent hinting
they plan to increase the numbers of new hires they
bring on board in 2006 .
Mike Hyter , chief operating officer at Novations , said only 14 percent
of businesses surveyed plan on reducing hiring this year .
And
while job-seeking conditions could remain tough for many , the survey
results could hint to a shift toward a more employee-centered
market .
" Two-thirds of organizations surveyed expect increased employee defections in the year
ahead , " Hyter said .
" This increased employee mobility will itself require
