His hitting game is not why Glen Murray landed a four-year
deal here over the summer worth in excess of $ 16
million .
Scorers are paid to put the puck in the
net , and Murray , 33 , drove home 76 goals with the
Bruins in the two seasons leading up to the lockout .
Meanwhile , he potted his 14th of the season Thursday night ,
and a decent second half could see him equal the
32 he scored in 2003-04 .
A little bit of body
contact , though , might help the veteran right winger pump up
the scoring volume .
Consider : Headed into yesterday afternoon 's match with
Tampa Bay , Murray had recored only 9 hits for the
season - better among Bruins than only Alexei Zhamnov ( 6 )
and Pat Leahy ( 3 ) , both of whom were injured for
significant chunks of the season .
Murray 's last recorded hit was
Dec.
4 , and it was his only hit since Nov.
19 .
Going into yesterday 's action , rookie defenseman Andrew Alberts led
all Bruins with 70 hits .
Wait before waiving
The Devils did n't like what they saw of Alexander Mogilny for
half a season and waived him last week .
Ultimately , they
may have to pay him his remaining $ 5.2 million to
play in the minors between now and spring 2007 .
Frustrated
Bruins fans have been wondering if the Boston front office
may take the same approach with Zhamnov , who had shown
little after signing a three-year , $ 12 million-plus deal in August
before breaking his left ankle last night in the Bruins '
6-3 victory over the Lightning .
Boston GM Mike O'Connell recently
said he did n't think he would opt to waive Zhamnov ,
because he thought the 35-year-old had been playing better in
the last two weeks .
If the Bruins were to pick
up Mogilny , one possibility would have been to put him
on a line with Sergei Samsonov and Zhamnov.
' Iron Man' is off his game
Craig Ramsay , the ex-Sabre forward who these days is an assistant
coach with Tampa Bay , once had a run of 776
straight games , good for No. 4 on the NHL 's iron-man
list .
However , since retiring , the 54-year-old Ramsay has had both
his appendix and gallbladder removed , much of his stomach removed
( because of ulcers ) , and recently learned he would have to
undergo prostate surgery .
Ramsay kiddingly refers to himself these days
as The Hollow Man .
Net profit
The Dallas Stars , here Saturday to face the Bruins , late last
week handed No. 1 goalie Marty Turco a four-year contract
extension that will pay him nearly $ 6 million a year
through the spring of 2010 .
No doubt that is where
Florida 's Roberto Luongo will want his pay set when he
comes up for free agency this summer .
They 're asking for it
Oilers tough guy Georges Laraque , among the game 's last true heavyweights ,
is a bit miffed that rookies actually request a fight
nowadays before entering fisticuffs .
" It 's like they 're asking you for
candy , or something , " said the 6-foot-3-inch , 245-pound Laraque .
Meanwhile , Dave
Semenko , Wayne Gretzky 's bodyguard during the Oilers ' heyday , on whether
he ever requested a fight : " I was never that polite . "
Like a Duck to water
Sergei Fedorov has n't delivered the goods in Columbus , following his Nov.
15 trade from Anaheim .
The former Red Wing great has
only 2 goals and 9 points in 23 games with
the Blue Jackets .
Meanwhile , Francois Beauchemin , the no-name defenseman shipped
to Anaheim in the deal , stood an impressive 2-9-11 in
his first 19 games with the Ducks .
Anaheim coach Randy
Carlyle has had Beauchemin , originally a Montreal draft pick , partnered
with Scott Niedermayer for power-play point duty .
Father 's day
Walter Gretzky , who recently lost wife Phyllis to cancer , spent part
of last week on a road trip with the Maple
Leafs , courtesy of famous son Wayne .
The trip was an
auction item , part of a Hockey Canada fund-raising drive , and
Wayne 's top bid put his dad smack dab on the
team charter .
Walter was in Salt Lake City four years
ago when Wayne helped direct the Canadians to the Olympic
gold medal , and the patriarch was a favorite target among
young autograph hounds .
" They all wanted me to sign W.
Gretzky , so they could show it off to their friends , "
said the 67-year-old Walter .
Time ran out on them
Bruins coach Mike Sullivan , reluctant much of the first half to
trim anyone 's ice time , shortened his bench dramatically last Thursday
night , specifically trimming back the minutes of young blue liners
Alberts and Milan Jurcina .
Alberts , after being employed for 8:09
over the first two periods , finished with only 10:30 for
the night .
Jurcina played 4:09 in the first , only 53
seconds in the middle period , and finished with 7:45 .
Kevin Paul Dupont 's e-mail address is dupontglobe .com ;
material from personal interviews ,
wire services , other beat writers , and league and team sources
was used in this report .
