Science , Iacoboni and his colleagues reported that mirror neurons could
discern if another person who was picking up a cup
of tea planned to drink from it or clear it
from the table .
" Mirror neurons provide a powerful biological foundation
for the evolution of culture , " said Patricia Greenfield , a psychologist
at UCLA who studies human development .
Until now , scholars have treated culture as fundamentally separate from biology ,
she said .
" But now we see that mirror neurons absorb
culture directly , with each generation teaching the next by social
sharing , imitation and observation . "
Other animals -- monkeys , probably apes
and possibly elephants , dolphins and dogs -- have rudimentary mirror
neurons , several mirror neuron experts said .
But humans , with their
huge working memory , carry out far more sophisticated imitations .
Language is based on mirror neurons , according to Michael Arbib , a
neuroscientist at the University of Southern California .
One such system ,
found in the front of the brain , contains overlapping circuitry
for spoken language and sign language .
In an article published in Trends in Neuroscience in March 1998 ,
Arbib described how complex hand gestures and the complex tongue
and lip movements used in making sentences use the same
machinery .
Autism , some researchers believe , may involve broken mirror neurons .
A study published in the Jan . 6 issue of Nature
Neuroscience by Mirella Dapretto , a neuroscientist at UCLA , found that
while many people with autism can identify an emotional expression ,
like sadness , on another person 's face , or imitate sad looks
with their own faces , they do not feel the emotional
significance of the imitated emotion .
From observing other people , they
do not know what it feels like to be sad ,
angry , disgusted or surprised .
Mirror neurons provide clues to how children learn : They kick in
at birth .
Dr. Andrew Meltzoff at the University of Washington
has published studies showing that infants a few minutes old
will stick out their tongues at adults doing the same
thing .
More than other primates , human children are hard-wired for
imitation , he said , their mirror neurons involved in observing what
others do and practicing doing the same things .
Still , there is one caveat , Iacoboni said .
Mirror neurons work best
in real life , when people are face to face .
Virtual
reality and videos are shadowy substitutes .
Nevertheless , a study in the January 2006 issue of Media Psychology
found that when children watched violent television programs , mirror neurons ,
as well as several brain regions involved in aggression were
activated , increasing the probability that the children would behave violently .
The ability to share the emotions of others appears to be
intimately linked to the functioning of mirror neurons , said Dr.
Christian Keysers , who studies the neural basis of empathy at
the University of Groningen in the Netherlands and who has
published several recent articles on the topic in Neuron .
When you see someone touched in a painful way , your own
pain areas are activated , he said .
When you see a
spider crawl up someone 's leg , you feel a creepy sensation
because your mirror neurons are firing .
