One of the most difficult ideas to kill
in California 's Capitol is the notion that low student fees
are the best way to promote broader access to higher
education for the poor .
The opposite is actually the case :
Lower fees are a boon to the wealthy and the
upper middle class , providing subsidies to the well-to-do that would
be better spent on the needy .
But politicians eager to gain favor with students and their families
are forever trying to cut fees or at least freeze
them , even in the face of inflation .
Today , Gov. Arnold
Schwarzenegger is expected to be the latest to join that
bandwagon when he proposes a budget for the fiscal year
that begins July 1 .
Schwarzenegger aides have said he will propose a freeze on student
fees in the coming year , when both the University of
California and the California State University systems would otherwise have
increased them by about 10 percent .
Replacing that anticipated fee
revenue with money from the state 's general fund will cost
taxpayers an estimated $ 130 million next year .
It 's not clear whether Schwarzenegger misunderstands the dynamics involved in student
fees and financial aid or if he gets it but
is simply pandering .
Either way , the governor is wrong to
use precious money from the state 's depleted general fund to
give a break to the children of California 's elite .
To understand why this is so , step back and consider how
college fees , financial aid and university budgets work together .
The
lower the fees , the bigger the taxpayer subsidy to those
who get no direct financial aid : the children of the
most affluent citizens in our state .
And the higher the
subsidy for those folks , the less money that 's available for
financial aid to the needy and for hiring new faculty
to expand the number of slots available to everyone , including
the poor .
If equity is your goal , the best policy would be to
charge full-freight for a university education and then use taxpayer
dollars to give subsidies only to those who ca n't afford
it .
A needs-based fee policy would give the taxpayers the
biggest bang for their bucks while helping those who need
it most .
Consider the University of California .
A study two years ago by
the state 's nonpartisan legislative analyst said the average cost to
the taxpayers of educating a typical undergraduate was $ 20,700 .
Fees
for a typical student covered about 30 percent of that
amount .
So before even considering need , every student enrolled in
the university was getting an annual subsidy of about $ 15,000 .
Although the dollar amounts are smaller at California State University and
the community colleges , the percentage of the subsidy is larger .
Fees at CSU cover only about 23 percent of the
cost of education , while community college student fees are set
at about 12 percent of the cost to the taxpayers
of providing the service .
At every level , California 's fees are
among the lowest and its subsidies among the biggest when
compared to similar institutions around the country .
If you consider the entire cost of higher education to be
financial aid , rather than only the money given directly to
individual students in the form of grants and loans , the
current system looks hugely inefficient .
At the University of California
in 2003-04 , the taxpayers spent about $ 2.5 billion on what
the legislative analyst calls "untargeted financial aid " -- the university 's
general budget -- and only about $ 500 million on aid
targeted to individuals , including $ 350 million based on need .
To illustrate the consequences of this policy , the analyst created a
model that showed what happens at various levels of taxpayer
subsidy .
The study assumed a $ 20,000 annual cost of education
per student , 40,000 students and a budget of $ 600 million .
In the low-fee model , which most resembles today 's world , fees
were set at $ 5,000 , or 25 percent of the cost
of education .
In the high-fee model , fees were $ 15,000 , or
75 percent of the cost .
With the lower fees , every student , regardless of means , gets a
hidden subsidy of $ 15,000 per year .
Multiply that by 40,000
students and you have used up the entire $ 600 million
budget .
No money remains for aid targeted to the most financially needy
students .
In the high-fee model , on the other hand , the untargeted subsidy
is only $ 5,000 per student .
Again assuming 40,000 students , it takes only $ 200 million in tax
dollars to support the system .
With the money left over , the state could cover the entire
cost of education for all financially needy students ( about half
the total enrollment ) and still have funds to serve an
additional 8,000 students .
" For any given amount of state support , low fees and high
levels of untargeted financial aid do not efficiently use the
state 's limited resources and do not maximize access to higher
education , " the analyst concluded .
Even after considering the potential public benefit of providing subsidized higher
education to the children of the wealthy , these figures show
that such a policy comes at the expense of the
poor .
The tragedy is that it 's a policy so often
advocated by those who say the poor are the people
they are trying to help .
Daniel Weintraub is a columnist for The Sacramento Bee .
