FOXBOROUGH - The coach wanted to help a talented player , but
was n't sure what to do .
He was n't too familiar with
college football recruiting .
So Frank Krevetski produced videotapes of Artrell Hawkins 's career highlights , then
planned to ship them across the country .
Maybe someone would
notice .
When he got to the large envelope with the
South Bend , Ind. , address , he chuckled .
Notre Dame ?
" I figured , why not shoot for that ? " recalled Krevetski , who was
the coach at Bishop McCort High School in Johnstown , Pa. ,
in the early 1990s .
" I never really coached a lot
of players who were Division 1-caliber .
We did n't have players
like Artrell on a yearly basis . "
Notre Dame never called .
Krevetski was n't surprised .
But one Irish staff
member , off to a new career challenge , did n't forget what
he saw on that tape .
Rick Minter was leaving Notre
Dame to become coach at the University of Cincinnati , and
he phoned Krevetski , asking if Hawkins had committed to another
college .
It might have been too late .
Hawkins was visiting Wake Forest
but if he called home , Krevetski told Minter he 'd put
them in touch .
Hawkins called .
And the course of his future took an unexpected
turn .
" It all happened kind of fast , " Hawkins said .
" I went out
there , talked to him the first time , and committed to
Cincinnati .
Some people thought it was a quick decision and
that there were better offers from traditional football schools .
But
I was comfortable with where I thought the program was
going . "
Hawkins is now in his eighth NFL season , and much like
the unexpected turn he took from Bishop McCort to the
University of Cincinnati , he never thought he 'd be suiting up
for the New England Patriots in 2005 .
And he certainly
never thought he 'd be playing safety , instead of his natural
cornerback position .
Last night , the 29-year-old Hawkins invited Krevetski to Gillette Stadium for
a pretty sweet moment in his career .
After playing six years with the Bengals ( 1998-2003 ) , one with the
Panthers ( 2004 ) , and sustaining a hamstring injury that led the
Redskins to release him in training camp this season , Hawkins
was appearing in the NFL playoffs for the first time .
He wanted Krevetski there because "you always want to remember
those who give you opportunities . "
Krevetski said he expected to
shed a tear when Hawkins first took the field .
The
bond between player and coach can last a long time .
" I 'm just elated inside , " Krevetski said .
" You never hear a bad
word about Artrell .
He comes back to town , he works
with the youths and the school , and has no qualms
about coming back to speak at coaches ' banquets .
He 's always
been that way .
He 's a very sincere kid . "
Mark Duffner , a defensive assistant with the Bengals from 1997-2002 , echoed
those words .
Duffner was with Hawkins from the start , after
the Bengals selected Hawkins in the second round of the
1998 draft .
" I really enjoyed Artrell 's persona , the guy he is , " said Duffner ,
the former Holy Cross coach who spent the last three
years as linebackers coach with Green Bay .
" He 's the type
of guy you enjoy being around , a competitive athlete who
is serious about being a good football player and serious
about being a good person .
He was a first-teamer for
us , and also a team-firster . "
Signed as a free agent by the Patriots Nov. 15 , Hawkins
was elevated to the first team when the Patriots visited
the Chiefs Nov. 27 .
He was the team 's seventh starter
at strong safety , following Rodney Harrison , Guss Scott , James Sanders ,
Arturo Freeman , Randall Gay , and Michael Stone .
Although undersized for
the role at 5 feet 10 inches , 190 pounds , and
having never played the position , Hawkins 's intelligence and physical style
made him the best fit .
" That 's why you never give up , you never lose faith , " Hawkins
said .
" As the saying goes , God works in mysterious ways .
At times you think you might understand .
When I was
with the Redskins , I really wanted to make the ballclub ,
but then unforeseeable stuff happens .
I guess the beauty of
it , in this case , is that the opportunity with the
New England Patriots came up .
It 's the chance of a
lifetime .
" Coming in at kind of the tail end of the season ,
I 've gotten my feet wet and learned about my teammates .
I had read a lot about them and how professional
this team is .
After seeing the amount of work and
preparation that goes into it , I 'm not surprised at how
successful the team is .
This year has been tough for
me in terms of injuries , but I 'm appreciative Coach [Bill ]
Belichick and the organization brought me in . "
That 's why Hawkins said he long ago stopped trying to predict
the future .
When he was a junior in high school ,
he injured his collarbone and missed all but one game .
Yet he still wound up at Cincinnati , the result of
a highlight tape initially sent to Notre Dame .
While at Cincinnati , Hawkins heard whispers that the program would never
compete at a high level .
Yet he helped lead the
Bearcats to their first bowl appearance since 1950 , at the
1997 Humanitarian Bowl in Boise , Idaho .
And perhaps he heard some whispers that after seven seasons he 'd
never experience life in the NFL playoffs , especially after a
snakebitten 2004 season in Carolina , in which the defending NFC
champs suffered numerous injuries .
Yet here he is now , in New England , his high school
coach watching his every step in the playoffs .
" It 's special , " Hawkins said .
" When you start playing football , you always
knew what the Super Bowl is .
It 's always been the
dream .
Just to get to this point , to have a
chance to play for a championship , I feel blessed . "
