Q :?Is there anyone to teach me how to do Sudoku puzzles ?
I have the basics , but no clue on the hard
ones .
I do n't want to do books .
-- Thomas Sanders
A:?Good Sudoku solvers -- like good chess players -- see patterns
in the Sudoku numbers quickly .
I have scoured games and
puzzle sources and have not found a tutor .
However , I
have some tips on self-education from Tom Fraser , Sudoku puzzler
and math teacher .
Two Web sites , www .scanraid.com/AdvanStrategies .htm for information on pairs ( remote , complementary , locked ,
etc. )
and www.krazydad.com/blog/2005/09/29/an-index-of-sudoku-strategies
for pattern matching techniques , are very helpful ,
says Fraser .
Sudoku is a logic-based puzzle of number placement .
The goal ? Enter
the numbers from 1 through 9 in each square of
a 9 by 9 grid .
Each row , column and subgrid ,
must contain only one of each number .
Q :?My dad and I are having a debate about , of all
things , laundry .
He throws house cleaning rags ( soaked in lemon oil , 409 , etc. )
with the towels that I use to dry the dishes .
I argue that the cleaning rags should be washed separately
( with bleach ) .
He says " It all comes out in the
wash . "
Who is right ?
-- J.F.
A:? I am with your dad .
Clean is clean .
But sorting is
a personal issue on laundry day .
Some sort by user
or room .
Some never sort .
All are preferences , not laundry
dicta .
Heavily soiled items might benefit from presoaking and hot water while
lightly soiled ones might do fine in cold water .
With
repeated use , bleach weakens fibers .
Basics ?
Separate colors from whites and lint makers from lint magnets .
Also separate delicates from garments with hooks , eyes and zippers .
Q :?Are there published rules for sending items to a Federal Correctional
Institution ?
I want to send something to an inmate but
it seems the rules change frequently or it depends upon
the whim of whomever is receiving mail .
It 's very frustrating .
-- N. Searcy
A:?Yes , the rules are published .
Visit the Federal Bureau of Prisons
at www.bop.gov.
Click on " Inmate Matters . "
Bottom line ?
" Only correspondence such as cards , sheets , letters are allowed
-- no items , no paperbacks , " says Traci Billingsley , Bureau of
Prisons spokeswoman .
Inmates receive two types of mail .
General correspondence
is opened , read and inspected by the staff before the
inmate receives it .
Special mail ( from attorneys , courts , members of
Congress , etc. ) is opened in the inmate 's presence .
Please note : With prior approval an inmate may receive a package
from home containing release clothing within the last 30 days
of confinement .
Q : ?For the holidays , I splurged and bought some pies from a
local restaurant .
The pie plate was placed in the dishwasher .
Some of the " silver " from the pie plate came off
on a dinner plate .
I have scrubbed with all my
might with a steel wool pad , but the silver does n't
come off .
Any suggestions ?
-- Mark S.
A:?Put down the steel wool .
You need Bar Keepers Friend , which
removes metal marks on dishes without scrubbing .
It is also
a cleaning balm for stainless steel , copper , porcelain sinks and
