Cox News Service ATLANTA -- My last successful New Year 's resolution
came in 1978 , when I resolved to quit smoking .
It
worked .
I quit smoking 28 years later .
actually make them anymore .
Fewer still keep them .
I have some high-tech resolutions for 2006 .
Unlike resolutions about smoking ,
losing weight or growing hair , these are resolutions you should
be able to keep.
Let 's be clear .
I 'm talking about
you .
I make no promises for myself .
Clear the clutter : Dedicated computer enthusiasts who faithfully clean the clutter
of old programs and data from hard disks often work
in squalor .
My own desks ( notice the plural ; I have
too much clutter for one home office ) look like staging
areas for solid waste dumps .
Cleaning clutter does more than keep the family happy .
I found
a nice 1-gigabyte compact flash memory card for my camera
when I cleaned one of my desks last week .
I
had n't seen it in months .
Removing clutter can also prevent
fires .
No joke .
Piled-up trash can block cooling vents and
cause a fatal case of overheating .
So please resolve to clean up your computer work area and
keep it clean .
Crush the bugs : Good intentions will not keep you safe from
viruses , adware , worms , trojan horses or other bad guys .
Install
and use programs that guard your computer .
Make sure you
keep them updated because the creators of malicious software are
busy as little squirrels , writing new viruses and spyware programs .
Either buy some of Norton 's products -- I think the products
are excellent and the customer service is horrible -- or
use the free programs I have recommended in the past .
SpyBot Search &amp; Destroy ( go to www.download.com ,
use the search
feature and download it ) works fine for adware and spyware .
Grisoft 's free anti-virus will take care of the rest .
You
can find it at www.grisoft.com/doc/289/lng/us/tpl/tpl01 .
Get more sunlight : Resolve to spend less time in the light
of a computer monitor , more time in the light of
the sun .
Computers are great .
But most of us spend
too much time sitting at a keyboard .
You will have
more time to spend with family and friends this way .
There are other advantages .
For instance , you are less likely
to get carpal tunnel syndrome .
I 'm as guilty as the next geek when it comes to
overdosing on computers .
I sit at a computer all day
at work and am usually at a computer 30 minutes
after taking my coat off at home .
I 've been spending
too much time playing games online .
Last night I actually
had trouble sleeping because I worried that I spent too
much gold -- the currency of the game I play
-- on an Icy Dragon Sword .
This is not a
healthy worry for a 59-year-old guy .
Cure your e-mail sins : If you are like most people , these
sins are both terrible and large in number .
Here are
some resolutions for you ( repeat after me ) : " After receiving an
e-mail explaining that Bill Gates is giving away his fortune ,
I will not forward that e-mail to 1,052 of my
closest friends . "
Gates is keeping his money .
That e-mail about
the new virus is probably false , too .
Do n't be as
gullible when it comes to e-mail .
Let 's try another e-mail resolution : " When I am really angry and
write a brilliant e-mail that expresses that anger with great
eloquence , I will file the e-mail away for at least
two days before sending it . "
This resolution can preserve your
job , your friends and your sanity .
Use the power of your computer : I 'm not talking power measured
in megahertz and gigahertz .
Instead , use the incredible power of
learning that your computer and the Internet puts in your
hands .
For those of us who are old , there 's still
a feeling of awe in the realization that we can
get answers to questions that would have kept a staff
of reference librarians busy for weeks .
Be curious and satisfy your curiosity .
But keep a warning light
glowing as you do this .
Not all that you read
online is true or accurate .
So cross-check answers from multiple
Web sites and remember that real libraries are pretty neat
places , too .
Avoid becoming a computer expert : This is a great resolution .
Half
the computer problems I fix these days were caused by
a self-proclaimed computer expert .
Enjoy the new year : I hope it 's the best one yet
for you .
And I resolve to continue to be grateful
for the opportunity to have this continuing conversation with you .
Bill Husted writes for the Atlanta Journal-Constitution . E-mail : bhusted AT ajc.com
