program has two .
The number of certified geriatricians continues to fall .
Arizona had 98
geriatricians in 2003 , same as today .
But in 2001 , there
were 120 .
" You have this huge mass of doctors who are n't recertifying , and
the numbers of new doctors are n't making up the difference , "
said Elizabeth Bragg , a research scientist for the Institute for
Health Policy and Health Services Research of the University of
Cincinnati College of Medicine .
In 2002 , Bragg was a co-author of a study that examined
geriatric medical training within the United States .
The researchers found that many doctors who come out of medical
school with huge bills chose specialties that would help them
get out of debt faster than geriatrics .
Those who once held certificates in geriatrics let them lapse after
10 years , when they are required to become recertified .
The
incentive to stay in geriatrics wanes for some doctors , who
say their patients are difficult to serve because of their
complex problems .
Geriatricians say their reimbursement from Medicare does n't cover the true cost
of the time they have spent with patients .
Often , older
patients want to talk about various ailments or go over
again all the prescriptions they are taking , Bragg said .
Experts on aging worry that there will never be enough geriatricians
unless Medicare reimbursements .
Doctors are choosing specialties where they can
build a private practice seeing younger patients whose health care
coverage pays more than Medicare .
A geriatrician could balance that by seeing more patients a day
but , statistically , they spend 10 to 15 minutes with their
older patients , twice as long as doctors spend with younger
patients .
Choosing the field may not yield a hefty bank account , but
there is more than money .
Geriatricians are the happiest of
their peers .
According to a 2002 study published by the
American Medical Association , geriatricians reported the highest satisfaction of 33
specialties .
Gynecology came in last .
And that sexy field of
emergency medicine ?
The happiness quotient of ER docs falls about
in the middle .
Valley geriatricians say they love their work .
" I remember a day in medical school when I was in
a geriatric ward and thought this is my heaven , this
is what I want to do , " said Dr. Gillian Hamilton ,
who became a geriatrician and now works for Hospice of
the Valley .
" I 'm not someone who had just loved old
people .
I realized I could be able to make their
lives better . "
That means communicating with the patient and the family .
Hamilton said
you look at the patient 's whole life .
" It 's very Buddhist , " Hamilton said .
" We 're all one . "
Dharmarajan is working on her second four-month rotation through Sun Health 's
geriatric fellowship program .
Soft-spoken and given to huge smiles , the 31-year-old seems at peace
among those decades older .
" I find this very exciting , " she said .
" You never know what
kind of situation your patients are in .
It is very
challenging . "
On a recent Wednesday , Dharmarajan seamlessly moved from room to room ,
patient to patient at the center .
She appeared at a
