After sitting on the bench during the final two
periods of the past two games , Marty Turco is expected
to get the entire night off tonight at Minnesota .
For the second game in a row , Johan Hedberg bailed out
Marty Turco -- and tonight , Hedberg wo n't have to wait
until the second period to make an impact .
Hedberg usually starts one game in every back-to-back series , and his
turn would have probably come whether or not Turco struggled
Sunday against Detroit .
But the Stars will look to their
backup , who has won seven times in nine appearances this
year , while Turco takes a few days to sort things
out with goaltending coach Andy Moog .
" I have n't been playing great lately , it 's no secret , " Turco said .
" I have n't been winning many hockey games since the holidays .
I 'll have a few days of practice at least before
my next start and that 'll be heavily utilized . "
Moog said his top netminder could improve his patience in traffic
.
T he good news is , the last time the
two spent a protracted period of time working on fundamentals ,
Turco began a torrid stretch that earned him NHL defensive
player of the month honors in November .
But the recent past has not been kind to Turco .
He
has allowed at least three goals in five of his
last seven games , with an .879
save percentage and a
2.85 goals-against average .
He has two victories in his last
nine starts and was pulled in consecutive games for the
first time ever .
" Mentally , you 've got to put things behind you .
That 's just the
goaltending world , " Turco said .
" I 've been through it before , so
we know what we need to do . "
On Thursday , Turco signed a four-year contract extension worth $ 22.8 million .
Now he will get back to basics until his next
start , which could come against Washington on Thursday .
" A little bit of refocusing would n't hurt him right now --
refocusing on hockey , not on anything else , " coach Dave Tippett
said .
Hedberg entered down 3-0 in the Stars ' last two games , but
has stopped all 29 shots he 's seen in those two
contests .
Though he normally plays sparingly , he gave Dallas a
spark in both games .
" In the playing mode , it 's easier , " Hedberg said .
" The guys really
stepped it up from the moment that I came in . "
Briefly
..With three assists , Sergei Zubov moved into first place all-time among
Stars defensemen with 416 points .
He began the night tied
with Craig Hartsburg .
..Dallas scored three power - play goals on five opportunities , breaking a
two-game drought that saw the Stars go 0-for-11 .
