Affordable housing advocates planned to ask California voters
as early as this year to approve a real estate
fee or other permanent source of revenue to address the
state 's chronic housing shortage .
But with no consensus on where to find the money , and
potential opposition from the real estate industry and the public ,
housing advocates changed course .
They hoped to piggyback on a
massive public improvement plan that could go to voters in
June .
Then , last week , Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger unveiled an ambitious public works
plan with no money for affordable housing .
That set the stage for a debate with the Democratic leaders
of the Legislature , Senate President Don Perata of Oakland and
Assembly Speaker Fabian Nunez ( Editors : Nunez should have an accent
over the U and a tilde over the second N. )
of Los Angeles , who included housing in their own public
improvement bond proposals .
" We 're disappointed " at not being included in Schwarzenegger 's proposal , said Chris
Bender , a spokesman for Housing California , a coalition of more
than 1,000 nonprofit developers and other housing organizations .
" But we 're
encouraged by the fact that we 're in these two other
bonds .
... We feel like we 're in a pretty good
negotiating position . "
For decades , California has struggled with how to pay for or
encourage the construction of housing for people priced out of
the market .
In the absence of a permanent source of
revenue , the state instead depended on a series of bond
measures -- most recently , the $ 2.1 billion Proposition 46 approved
by voters in 2002 .
Relying on bonds has its pitfalls .
The money comes in spurts ,
followed by dry spells that can lead to disruptions in
housing programs .
And housing backers must repeatedly make their pitch to voters .
An investigation by The Bee last year found that supporters of
Proposition 46 oversold the amount of housing that would be
built and its economic stimulus while making questionable claims about
who would benefit .
Some Republicans do n't think the state should be in the housing
business at all .
" It 's absolutely the wrong way to go , " said state Sen. Tom
McClintock , R-Thousand Oaks , vice chairman of the Senate committee that
deals with transportation and housing .
McClintock and other conservatives argue that government should lift restrictions to
allow the private sector to meet housing demands .
Proposals such as a real estate transaction fee would just make
the problem worse by increasing housing prices even more , they
say .
The Schwarzenegger administration decided not to include affordable housing because it
wanted to keep overall debt below 6 percent of the
state 's yearly general revenue and felt that other needs were
more pressing , Finance Director Mike Genest said .
" Nor is the state ( government ) the best place to finance housing , "
he said .
But the private sector will never build housing for the lowest-income
Californians without government incentives , the advocates counter .
With that in mind , they sought a dedicated revenue source to
provide a permanent source of money .
But most existing state
revenue is already tied to specific purposes , Bender said .
Possible
new sources , like a real estate transaction fee , did n't add
up to enough money , he said .
Also , the real estate industry resisted the idea , and the public ,
although it supports the idea of dedicating money to affordable
housing , was n't wholeheartedly behind a new fee , advocates say .
EDITORS : STORY CAN END HERE
A permanent revenue source is unlikely in the next five to
10 years , said state Sen. Tom Torlakson , D-Antioch , chairman of
the Transportation and Housing Committee .
With several public improvement bond proposals in the works , housing supporters
decided to jump on board rather than seek another bond
dedicated solely to housing .
" It made sense to move with the train that was in
motion rather than trying to put another one on the
track , " Bender said .
Perata agreed to set aside $ 1.4 billion of his proposed bond
package for many of the same housing programs funded by
Proposition 46 , including loans to developers of low-cost multifamily housing ,
homeless shelters and farmworker housing .
The state Department of Housing and Community Development figures that $ 1.4
billion would last for 2-and-a-half to three years .
The Proposition
46 money has already begun to run out in some
programs , and all of the money is expected to be
gone by the middle of 2007 , said Judy Nevis , the
department 's acting director .
Politically , it could help housing advocates to be included in a
package with transportation , schools and other public improvements backed by
both parties and well-heeled interests .
But , Bender said , " I think we still have to do our
part . "
Backers are already making the case that housing is as much
a part of the fabric of public works as bridges ,
dams and sewers .
In fact , they say , spending on some
kinds of public improvements , such as roads , hinges on the
location and density of housing .
The right kind of housing near transit hubs , for instance , could
reduce spending on highways , Torlakson said .
" We ca n't just pour more asphalt and concrete at the problem , "
he said .
At the same time , one of the biggest obstacles to local
governments building new housing , Nevis said , is that they lack
the roads , schools and other public works to support them .
So in that sense , any large-scale plan for public improvements could
bolster the supply of housing , she said .
