BC-NEW&amp;NOTABLE-AZR ANNE STEPHENSON REVIEWS NEW BOOKS IN 'NEW &amp; NOTABLE' ( Duplication
warning : Moving in " E , " " L , " " K" and " F" categories ) By
ANNE STEPHENSON Here are Anne Stephenson 's capsule reviews of four
new books :
Wallace is a smart man , and a bit of a bad
boy .
His new collection of essays is unwieldy but subversively
entertaining . It 's overrun with parentheses , footnotes ( some so long that
they could count as essays themselves ) and visual gimmicks , but
you keep reading because you want to know what he
has said , about whom , and where .
The best example is
the title piece , which was commissioned by " Gourmet " magazine as
an amusing report on the annual Maine Lobster Festival .
Wallace
dutifully delivers for a few pages before he rips off
his shirt to reveal his bad-boy suit and launches a
long , horrifying discussion of how we boil lobsters alive and
the ethical considerations we must face because of it .
Reaction
from " Gourmet " readers was vicious .
We suspect the magazine is
smarting to this day .
Other subjects include writer John Updike ,
whom Wallace does not boil but roasts thoroughly , Franz Kafka ,
who fares better , and Arizona Republican Sen. John McCain , whom
Wallace likes but surrounds with a story that seems longer
than the Bible .
Even smart men make mistakes .
Yes , Virginia , there is a Santa Claus , but we can see
from your photograph in this book that you 're still not
convinced .
Francis Church 's editorial about Santa , directed at 8-year-old Virginia
O'Hanlon and run in the New York " Sun " in 1897 ,
caused no stir at the time .
But by 1913 the
" Sun " was reprinting it annually and comparing it to the
Gettysburg Address .
Gartner notes that " Yes , Virginia , there is a
Santa Claus " is the most famous line ever to appear
in an American editorial , but it 's one of the weakest
in this collection .
Consider , for instance , Hodding Carter Jr. 's observation
that "vicious gossip , like any other rank weed , flourishes in
the heat " in his 1937 defense of the Greenville , Miss. ,
" Delta Star " when it ran a photo of African-American track
star Jesse Owens .
Or any line at all from William
Allen White 's 1921 editorial on the death of his daughter
Mary .
Or of the final sentence of a 1975 Philadelphia
" Daily News " editorial on the conviction of a triple-murderer : " Fry
him . "
The oldest editorial here was written in 1842 , the
latest in 1998 .
It 's a good sign when a book about wine begins with
humor .
Steadman remembers his confirmation at age 13 in Wales ,
when he first tasted " the fiery sensation of the rich
ruby liquid " on his tongue .
After that , he says , " Holy
Communion became the high spot of my week . "
This book
of art and exploration takes up where his last book
about wine , " The Grapes of Ralph , " left off , in Chile ,
at a mountain vineyard where the temperature is erratic and
the grapes "are harvested by acrobats . "
From there , Steadman moves
on to intriguing vineyards in Spain , California , France , South Africa
and Italy , with pauses to appreciate "wine dogs " and wine
labels , including one he designed that was banned by the
Ohio liquor-control board for showing a besotted religious man on
the popular California wine Cardinal Zin .
Throughout the book are
his eccentric drawings and paintings , the sort made famous by
his association with the late Hunter S. Thompson ( Steadman illustrated
" Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas " ) .
If you 're a maverick
among wine aficionados , take a look .
First , she 'd burn this book .
Branch and Callaway turn Jacqueline Kennedy
Onassis ' philosophy of life ( which they seem to make up
as they go along ) into a manual of " coping skills
for the 21st-century woman . "
Along with more predictable behavior , we 're
told that Jackie would advocate performing "mild acrobatics " with a
partner in bed ; using a pseudonym when you have your
eyes "done " ; and dating a broad range of men but
avoiding philanderers and dentists from New Jersey .
Even in simpler
matters , the authors take other liberties with Jackie 's example .
They
note that she often saved money by bartering , as when
she received sketches of her children in return for cooperating
with the artist on an article for a magazine .
Their
suggestion : " If you 're a style maven , offer to perform a
makeover for your rumpled Realtor in lieu of paying a
hefty broker 's fee . "
They do n't say how to propose this
to the Realtor , perhaps because Jackie left no footprints for
them to follow .
There were things , it seems , that she
would never do .
