A long-awaited ruling by a circuit judge in
late December in the school-finance lawsuit brought by nearly three
dozens poor S.C. school districts ensures that the debate over
education will linger in the General Assembly .
The judge 's central finding is clear : The state has n't provided enough
early childhood intervention to beat back the effects of poverty ,
which put poor students at risk of never being able
to catch up .
Both sides in this judicial tug of war have claimed victory ,
and it is unlikely that an appeal will be made
through the court system .
But an appeal should be made
to lawmakers to use Solomonic wisdom to sort out the
problems in education funding in order to give every S.C.
child an equal opportunity for a quality education .
After the ruling , state House Speaker Bobby Harrell , R-Charleston , said the
judge vindicated South Carolina 's approach to funding teacher quality , adequate
facilities , curriculum standards and accountability measures .
Parents and students who
attend new Beaufort County schools may agree , but Harrell would
find objection even in this relatively rich school district .
Parents
in poorer school districts would vehemently disagree with Harrell and
the judge that facilities are " safe and adequate . "
The judge was realistic when he said that the best way
to improve education was to provide the poorest -- and
youngest -- with enrichment opportunities that middle-class students enjoy .
But
that leaves the rest of the system intact .
He let
the state off the hook for providing better schools and
incentives to attract teachers to the poorest district and worst-performing
schools .
State lawmakers should examine the performance of students in these districts
and read a 1999 S.C. Supreme Court ruling .
The court
defined a "minimally adequate education " as including the ability to
read , write and speak English , knowledge of math and science ,
and an understanding of history , economics and civics , as well
as vocation skills .
While the ruling did n't address the inadequacy of teacher salaries and
the inability of poor districts to attract the best teachers ,
Gov.
Mark Sanford and others have focused some attention on
this issue .
The governor has discussed the need to attach
incentive pay to a requirement to teach in the poorest
districts .
In discussion last week he said that teacher salary
increases should be attached to increases in student performance .
State Superintendent of Education Inez Tenenbaum and the governor have discussed
additional funding for 4-year-old kindergarten .
Tenenbaum 's approach is aggressive , and
the governor is awaiting an inventory of preschool programs to
see what may be needed .
Changes also are under way in the Statehouse to change the
formula for funding education , and that could have an even
greater impact on poor school districts .
The bottom line is that if South Carolina wants more than
minimally adequate education lawmakers will have to look beyond low-level
funding in all districts and creative ways to attract better
teachers to the worst-performing schools .
It will take more than
a mediocre legislative effort to raise the bar in education .
Beaufort ( S.C. ) Gazette editorial
