ankle at a cost of 3,000 pesos , or seven weeks '
salary .
She also owes the friends who gave the coyote
$ 500 .
A month and a half earlier , Margarita Ximil Lopez , 20 , had
her hopes dashed , too .
She sat in a dismal holding
cell at the United States Border Patrol station in Nogales
in October and tried to hide her tears from her
son , Edel , who is about to turn 6 .
It was for his sake , she said , that she illegally crossed
the border , only to be abandoned by the coyote and
picked up at a motel by American immigration officers .
Ximil ,
from Puebla , a large city southeast of Mexico City , had
hoped to join her sister , who had lined up a
job for her as a waitress in a Los Angeles
restaurant .
Here in Arizona , a tide of anti-immigrant sentiment has swelled along
with the number of border crossers , some of it directed
particularly at women .
Many taxpayers say they resent that their
tax dollars are being spent to educate these women 's children
and pay for their delivery costs at local hospitals .
Reacting to the surge in illegal border crossings , voters in Arizona
passed Proposition 200 in November 2004 , which , among other things ,
requires people applying for some public benefits to show proof
of citizenship .
The economic reality of illegal immigration is complex .
Whether these workers
cost taxpayers more than they contribute has been debated for
years , factoring in the taxes collected , the unclaimed Social Security
funds and the undesirable jobs filled at low wages .
(STORY CAN END HERE.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS. )
Pregnant women who are already in the United States illegally invariably
use hospitals to give birth , though statistics are unreliable because
emergency room patients are not asked their legal status .
Children
born in America are automatically granted citizenship , and some critics
accuse the mothers of exploiting that guarantee .
But advocates for illegal immigrants maintain that the women 's reasons for
coming here reach far beyond citizenship for their children ; few
women come to the United States expressly to have babies ,
collect benefits and visit the emergency room , the advocates say .
Jim Hawkins , a Tucson sector Border Patrol agent , said such
instances were rare but not unheard of .
" I had a woman sit on the south side of the
fence until she went into labor , then jumped the fence , "
Hawkins said .
" She was coached well : she immediately asked for
an ambulance . "
After she gave birth , the woman was ordered to return to
Mexico .
Rather than have her baby put up for adoption ,
Hawkins said , she took the baby back to Mexico with
her .
The nation 's roiling immigration debate weighs little on the minds of
the women who cross here .
Nor do the dangers of
the crossing itself , which they know routinely include sexual harassment
or assault .
As the borders have become tighter , the coyotes
have become more violent and desperate , law enforcement officials and
immigration advocates say .
" These poor aliens are nothing but product to these animals , " said
Hawkins , adding that many women are raped , robbed and abandoned
