The Arthur in Julian Barnes ' new novel is Sir Arthur Conan
Doyle , the creator of Sherlock Holmes .
The George in the
novel is one George Edalji , a half-Indian solicitor who was
convicted in 1903 of mutilating farm animals in his rural
parish .
And the tale Barnes recounts is the real-life-inspired story
of how Arthur took up George 's case and by playing
detective tried to restore George 's good name .
Readers familiar with Barnes ' earlier work -- his sly , fictional improvisation
on the life of Gustave Flaubert ( "Flaubert 's Parrot " ) or his
highly subjective , collage-like history of the world ( " A History of
the World in 10 1/2 Chapters " ) -- might have expected
him to use the story of Arthur and George as
an armature for some sophisticated , postmodernist games or as the
jumping-off point for philosophical musings about , say , the gaps between
life and art or the difficulty of understanding the past .
Instead , Barnes has decided to write a straight-ahead historical novel
-- a task he completes in a clumsy and lugubrious
fashion .
Though " Arthur &amp; George " is smoothly written and professionally assembled , it 's
a ponderous performance -- crammed full of historical research and
re-creations of period details and overstuffed with evidence relating to
George 's legal case .
Perhaps Barnes has gone into such minute
detail in an effort to show just how George was
railroaded in the first place or how cleverly Arthur has
tracked down evidence to exonerate him .
Or perhaps Barnes simply
wanted to cram into these pages all the evidence his
own research turned up .
Whatever the intent , it 's a strategy
that backfires : the reader does n't experience the thrill of putting
together clues -- the way one does when reading a
good detective story -- but instead feels bombarded by a
blizzard of boring bits of data .
We learn far more than we could possibly want to know
about the farm animals found with their guts slashed open
in the parish of Great Wyrley .
We learn far more
than we could possibly want to know about the threatening
and bigoted letters received by George 's family in the years
before the animal mutilations .
And we learn far more than
we could possibly want to know about the atrocious behavior
of the local police , who seem to have had it
in for George from the beginning .
The sections where this novel does take flight are those in
which Barnes seems to have taken imaginative liberties , fleshing out
gaps in the historical record or simply embroidering known facts :
George 's sheltered , hermetic childhood ; Arthur 's efforts over a decade to
sustain relationships with two women ( his invalid wife , Touie , and
a younger woman named Jean , with whom he falls madly
in love ) ; the title characters ' prickly relationship , which grew out
of desperation on George 's part and missionary zeal on Arthur 's .
In such passages , the new emotional depth that surfaced in
Barnes ' recent collection " The Lemon Table " slips into view , lending
the story an intimacy and psychological tension that the remainder
of the novel sadly lacks .
As depicted by Barnes , Arthur and George emerge as full-blown romantics
and old-fashioned men of honor .
Shy , diffident and immensely dignified ,
George refuses to believe that racism might have played a
role in his arrest and conviction , and as a lawyer
he clings to his faith in the courts , convinced , at
least at the beginning of his ordeal , that justice will
prevail .
Arthur , who grew up on stories of King Arthur and his
Round Table , wants to live up to chivalric ideals .
He
sees his life as a series of knightly quests , and
while he feels burdened by his reputation as the creator
of Sherlock Holmes , he decides to put his fame to
good use : he sets out not only to prove George 's
innocence and win him restitution , but also to identify the
real miscreant who committed the crimes in the first place .
" I am going to make a great deal of noise , " he
tells George .
" The English -- the official English -- do
not like noise .
They think it vulgar ; it embarrasses them .
But if calm reason has not worked , I shall give
them noisy reason .
I shall not use the back stairs
but the front steps .
I shall bang a big drum . "
In real life , George 's case -- as championed by Arthur --
will be compared to the Dreyfus affair and will make
English legal history , helping to lead to the establishment of
a Court of Appeals .
As raw material for this historical
novel , however , it makes for less than compelling reading , resulting
in a serviceable but decidedly sluggish book .
By Julian Barnes
386 pages .
Alfred A. Knopf .
$ 24.95 .
