Cox News Service ATLANTA -- The Bush administration now concedes what
could no longer be denied -- the Federal Emergency Management
Agency responded horribly to the challenge of Hurricane Katrina .
Its
leadership failed ; its communications systems broke down ; its bureaucracy became
too paralyzed to act .
As Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff
said last month , FEMA 's problems are so profound that a
radical restructuring of the nation 's top disaster-response agency may be
necessary .
four years supposedly spent ensuring that we could respond quickly and
efficiently to any disaster -- why was FEMA so utterly
unprepared ?
And that 's only the beginning .
In 2006 , why are container ships
-- the perfect way to smuggle large bombs into U.S.
harbors -- still entering our waters uninspected ?
Why has n't the
government tightened security at U.S. chemical plants , which offer a
fat target for terrorists seeking to maximize carnage ?
Why have
billions in emergency-response money been doled out as political pork ,
instead of to states and cities most at risk ?
Well , because the Bush administration really does n't care about such things .
In agency after agency , it has demonstrated little interest in
the hard , day-to-day governance that can actually make a difference
in national security .
There 's certainly not much glamour in it ;
more importantly , there 's not much power to be acquired .
And that 's the bottom line : In the peculiarly paranoid mind-set of
the Bush administration , every threat has a single solution : Give
them more power .
Forget border security -- they want more power to spy on
American citizens , freed of any constraint of law that Congress
or the courts might impose .
Forget about FEMA -- give
them more power to torture and abuse prisoners , regardless of
treaty , morality or international law .
Forget about alliances and treaties
and declarations of war -- give them the power to
attack anybody they choose , whenever they choose .
And if Congress and the courts refuse to grant all that
power ?
They 'll grab it anyway .
Just last week , President Bush reluctantly signed a law restating a
ban on torture by U.S. personnel .
But even as he
signed it , Bush also signed a statement announcing that he
may not choose to abide by that law .
In effect , he told the House and Senate that they really
do n't matter anymore , because he 's going to do what he
pleases .
Bush has taken a similar stance regarding the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance
Act , passed in 1978 .
FISA is a carefully calibrated piece
of legislation that balances protection of civil liberties against the
federal government 's need to spy on international communications .
But in
2002 , the president secretly decided that his administration would no
longer be bound by that law .
Since then , the government
has spied illegally on the communications of hundreds of Americans
without a court warrant or any outside oversight .
In the wake of Sept. 11 , it is certainly conceivable that
FISA needed to be recalibrated .
However , Bush has had more
than four years to ask Congress to make any necessary
changes , and he has not done so .
He preferred to
rewrite the law by executive fiat .
Bush now claims that leaks about his lawbreaking have harmed national
security and aided terrorists , but he has not deigned to
explain how .
Potential terrorists in this country already assumed that
every phone call and e-mail they send will be tapped ;
they have n't changed their behavior a bit because of recent
revelations .
In fact , the only people who now know more than they
were supposed to know are the American people .
Two things make this trend scary .
First , as the Sept. 11
commission and others have established , we were vulnerable to attack
not because our government lacked power , but because it lacked
competence .
And as Katrina demonstrated , competence is not a high
priority of current management .
Second , it 's not the warrantless searches and illegal torture and disdain
for civil liberties that are most worrisome .
What 's worrisome is
the underlying justification .
Bush is quite literally claiming the power to pick and choose
which laws to obey , power that Congress and the courts
cannot restrict in any way .
Such a claim would be
alarming under any circumstances ; coming from an administration already too
fond of power , its implications strike at the very foundations
of our country .
Jay Bookman is the deputy editorial page editor of the Atlanta
Journal-Constitution .
E-mail : jbookman AT ajc.com
