DIET -- EARLY HEALTH PROBLEMS PREDICT LATER EATING WOES
Medical problems at birth increase the risk of anorexia and bulimia
later , a new study reports .
Babies ' early eating difficulties , poor muscle tone , low birth weight and
a placenta with defective blood circulation were all associated with
eating disorders by the time the children were 16 to
18 years old .
Diabetes and anemia in the mother were also linked to eating
disorders in the children , as was preeclampsia , a common maternal
syndrome characterized by high blood pressure , fluid retention and kidney
problems .
The study , in the January issue of The Archives of General
Psychiatry , analyzed the obstetric records of 114 young people with
anorexia , 73 with bulimia and 554 others with neither .
To
prevent bias , the researchers examining the obstetric records did not
know which belonged to people with disorders .
If the mother had anemia , the risk of anorexia was more
than doubled , and maternal diabetes increased the risk by a
factor of four .
Babies with early cardiac problems were also
more likely to suffer from anorexia later in life , as
were those who needed oxygen administered at birth .
Subjects with bulimia were more likely to have had low birth
weight , early feeding problems and defective placentas .
" It is important to keep in mind that we are speaking
of risk factors , and not causative factors , " said Paolo Santonastaso ,
the senior author and a professor of psychiatry at the
University of Padua in Italy .
" This means that most babies
with obstetric complications will never develop an eating disorder . "
Santonastaso also emphasized the importance of a combination of factors .
" We
generally think that single complications are less important than the
effect of the number of complications , " he said .
PREDICTORS -- OVERWEIGHT CHILDREN LINKED TO OVERWEIGHT PARENTS
Researchers have found that the best predictor of youths ' being at
a healthy weight is having two parents who are of
normal weight .
For those teenagers who did have an obese
parent , the best protective factor against being overweight was eating
breakfast every day .
The report appears in the January issue of The Journal of
the American Dietetic Association .
In a nationally representative sample of 1,890 youths ages 12 to
16 , about 71 percent of both boys and girls were
of normal weight , with body mass indexes from the 15th
to 85th percentile .
But only 62 percent of children whose
mothers were obese were of normal weight .
Fewer than 40
percent of children with two obese parents had normal weights .
Participation in two or more organized exercise programs during the preceding
year provided some protection against obesity , but neither hours spent
watching television nor the number of times per week that
teenagers exercised had much bearing .
" The main message is that regular breakfast consumption has a protective
effect , " said Heather Fiore , the lead author and a clinical
nutrition specialist at Strong Children 's Diabetes Center in Rochester .
" We
do n't know exactly why it helps , but there 's certainly no
harm in eating breakfast every day .
It has numerous benefits
