distance herself from comments she made on Sunday on CBS 4 's
" Keller Large . "
Pressed to explain what evidence she had that Reilly had managed
to "probably obstruct " the investigation , Healey told reporters , " I just
felt that there were a number of questions that needed
to be answered . "
She quickly tried to redirect questions to
the antigang bill , which she called " the appropriate focus here
today . "
When a reporter asked Healey to elaborate on her charge that
Reilly was "obstructing justice , " she said " those were not my
words " and walked away .
Healey 's spokeswoman later noted that Healey ,
during her television appearance , did not say "obstruct justice " but
said "probably obstruct a criminal investigation . "
Eric Fehrnstrom , Romney 's director
of communications , said the governor would not offer a response
to Reilly .
The latest exchanges ratcheted up the bitter tone on Beacon Hill
over a three month-old car crash in Southborough and the
subsequent investigation into the role that alcohol may have played .
The Murphy sisters died in a car crash after attending a
party with 15 or 20 other young people .
Mark Leahy , the Northborough police chief , has said his investigators had
a case for what he described as "allowing " a minor
to consume alcohol .
The police report identifies the host of
the party as Nathaniel Berberian , 20 , of Northborough and says
that it appeared he was "in control of the house "
where the party occurred .
The law does not require the
host to have served liquor ; Berberian told police Shauna Murphy
brought vodka to the party and that she appeared to
be intoxicated .
Monday , Goldstein said he recommended against prosecuting Berberian because all the
witnesses from the party said he did not serve alcohol ,
because the Murphy sisters killed in the crash brought liquor
into the premises , and investigative evidence suggested Shauna Murphy had
used someone else 's license to obtain alcohol .
Reilly 's denunciation of the governor and lieutenant governor follows nearly a
week of media scrutiny into the phone call that he
made to Conte .
Reilly said that in the call , he
conveyed the Murphy family 's concerns over reporters ' attempts to win
the public release of the autopsy reports .
State law requires
that the records be released only to the next of
kin .
Romney and Healey have argued that while the family 's privacy is
important , a full public debate on the facts of the
accident will help raise public awareness of drunken-driving issues .
They
say Reilly 's call to Conte gave the appearance of trying
to stifle that debate .
Conte , responding Monday to the initial Associated Press report on Reilly 's
phone call , denied he ever withheld autopsy reports from police ,
noting that the Northborough police investigators had received a verbal
briefing on the girls ' blood alcohol content The AP said
it stands by its story .
Monday , Conte , a Democrat , complained about Healey 's and Romney 's criticism of
Reilly .
" It 's absolutely ridiculous .
It 's pure politics , " he said .
" Both sides are
trying to gain an advantage .
... In the end , politics
surrounding a gubernatorial campaign have made people lose sight of
