Two suicide bombers carrying police identity cards walked
up to an Interior Ministry checkpoint on Monday morning and
blew themselves up hundreds of yards from a ceremony attended
by the American ambassador , killing at least 18 police officers
and wounding 25 , officials said .
Al-Qaida in Mesopotamia immediately claimed responsibility for the attack , which took
place shortly before noon inside a secure zone shared by
the city 's Police Academy .
Iraq 's interior and defense ministers were
also at the event , commemorating the formation of the Iraqi
Police , but the officials , including the ambassador , were far enough
away that the blast did not endanger them .
The bombers , who were wearing suicide vests under plain clothes , were
able to walk into an area near the ministry , which
is closed to cars , according to a police officer who
witnessed the attack .
In a troubling lapse of security , the
men had obtained police badges and showed them at a
checkpoint at the north gate of the ministry .
The blasts were audible at the ceremony , which proceeded uninterrupted about
a quarter of a mile away , an American military spokesman
said .
The attacks appeared to be calculated to inflict maximum harm , with
the second bomber blowing himself up just as a crowd
of policemen gathered to help victims from the first .
Reports
of casualties varied wildly , with some news agencies putting the
death toll at 28 .
A relative lull in violence was broken last week when more
than 180 Iraqis were killed in a spate of attacks ,
including at least one on a mosque and another on
a police recruiting center .
The violence comes as Iraq 's major ethnic and religious groups are
negotiating the shape of a new government .
Sunni Arab radicals
are responsible for many of the violent attacks here , and
American officials are hoping that broad Sunni participation in a
new government will quell them .
Also on Monday , The Christian Science Monitor confirmed the kidnapping of
Jill Carroll , a 28-year-old American freelance writer on assignment for
the paper .
In a statement , the paper said Carroll was
abducted from a neighborhood in western Baghdad on Saturday morning .
Her interpreter , Allan Enwiyah , 32 , was shot dead at the scene .
The kidnapping took place less than 200 yards from the
office of Adnan al-Dulaimy , a prominent Sunni Arab politician , whom
Carroll had been intending to interview at 10 a.m.
