There was no controversy this time , only a sense of crushing
disappointment .
The Celtics lost their third straight game Monday night in an
almost cruel way - a baseline jumper by Jerry Stackhouse
that swished through with a 10th of a second to
play .
The basket gave Dallas a 104-102 victory , one doubly
tough to take because the Celtics had rallied from a
12-point hole in the final six minutes to square things .
Boston got a vintage game from Paul Pierce , who finished with
32 points , including a tying 3-pointer with 6.5 seconds remaining .
The Mavericks got the ball in to Stackhouse , who had
been warm all night and finished with a season-high 20
points .
( It was only his ninth game . )
He did a
quick stop and elevated over Ricky Davis and knocked it
through .
There was no argument over a missed call , as
there had been 48 hours earlier in Washington .
Pierce had scored the Celtics ' final 7 points to help Boston
rally , a comeback made necessary by some truly amazing 3-point
shooting by the visitors .
The Mavericks connected on 12 of
22 threes , with Jason Terry ( 30 points ) nailing seven .
That
atoned for poor shooting ( 41.9 percent . )
Dirk Nowitzki overcame a slow start and finished with 26 points .
Davis had 17 for the Celtics while Tony Allen and
Mark Blount had 12 apiece .
For some reason , the referees decided to make themselves a force
in the first half , resulting in an almost unwatchable 24
minutes because of an endless procession to the line for
both teams .
The teams combined to take 54 free throws
in the half , with Dallas attempting 29 .
That is the
team 's average per game .
The Celtics attempted 25 ; they average
26.7.
As a result of the constant stoppages , neither team could muster
much momentum or flow .
Dallas was the most visibly bothered ;
the Mavericks shot 36 percent and made just 13 field
goals .
MVP candidate Nowitzki looked out of sorts from the
get-go and managed 9 points on 2-of-8 shooting .
Because of the foul situation , Celtics coach Doc Rivers did something
he never has to do : He played all 12 available
players in the first quarter .
Neither Justin Reed nor Brian
Scalabrine stayed in the game for long - Reed was
in for five seconds - but their names are in
the box score .
Avery Johnson , the Dallas coach , used 11
of the 12 bodies he had .
The Celtics controlled the half and had second-quarter leads of 8
and 9 points .
But each time the Mavericks mounted a
rally , and as a result the game was pretty even
( 53-51 Boston ) at the half .
The Celtics shot 43.6 percent .
The Mavericks clanged it at that 36.1 percent clip .
Pierce led the Celtics with 13 , the only Boston player in
double figures .
Dallas got 13 from Terry , including three 3-pointers ,
while Stackhouse was big off the bench with 10 points .
Boston used an 11-1 run early in the second to take
a 38-29 lead when Allen rebounded a missed free throw
and converted a layup .
Shortly thereafter , Allen headed to the
locker room , accompanied by team physician Brian McKeon .
The immediate
reaction was that his right knee was sore again .
But
it turned out Allen had a sprain in his left
foot and he returned in the second half .
The Mavericks temporarily awoke behind Josh Howard and Keith Van Horn
and pulled to within 41-39 with 3:56 left .
But the
Celtics then spun around and got the lead back to
49-41 on a Delonte West baseline jumper .
But Dallas ripped
off 7 unanswered points , including two Nowitzki free throws , to
get
within 49-48 .
Boston got it back to 53-48 , but the Mavs
got a Nowitzki free throw ( he was 5 of 8
from the line ) and then an Adrian Griffin layup in
the closing seconds to cut the Boston lead to a
deuce at the break .
The free throw parade abated somewhat in the third .
The Celtics
clung to small leads until the Mavericks overtook them with
Terry connecting on three more treys and Stackhouse again providing
a boost off the pine .
That was good for Dallas
because Big Dirk was still struggling and sat for the
final five minutes after picking up his fourth foul .
He
had only four field goals to that point .
Dallas trailed , 65-62 , when Terry tied things with a three and
then added another after several fruitless possessions by each team .
Stackhouse then connected from the foul line and the Mavericks
had themselves a 70-65 lead , their largest of the game .
The Dallas lead reached 75-69 on an excuse-me trey by
Stackhouse .
Erick Dampier butchered a couple of free throws that
could have extened the lead even farther .
The 3-pointer continued to be Dallas ' weapon of choice .
Van Horn
connected from the left corner to give the Mavs a
79-73 lead .
It was Dallas ' eighth trey of the game
in just 14 attempts .
A late Allen free throw cut
the deficit to 79-74 after three .
The Mavericks were 10-1
on the road in games they led after three quarters .
