( END OPTIONAL TRIM. )
Financially , the Reddicks are in a better position because so many
in their family are in the building trades and because
Lvinia Reddick , Reddick 's 68-year-old mother , carried limited flood insurance in
addition to homeowners ' coverage .
Her house was insured by the Louisiana Citizens Property Insurance Corp. ,
a nonprofit company .
Shortly before Christmas , Jason Norwood , the insurance
adjuster , met Reddick there .
Norwood 's car featured a " Re-defeat Bush "
bumper sticker , and the Reddick house featured a red city
sticker that proclaimed it unsafe .
" They 'd have been better off with no homeowners ' insurance and full
flood , " Norwood said .
" There was roof damage , and water rained
in .
But then the flood came and wiped away the
evidence , and the insurance companies tend to say it was
all flood .
I 'll try to get everything paid for . "
Lvinia Reddick has already been offered $ 35,000 in flood insurance compensation .
She would collect more than $ 100,000 if her homeowners ' policy
paid her the maximum .
Living in a Houston townhouse with two other retirees , Lvinia Reddick
has been in and out of the hospital since the
hurricane , unable to travel to New Orleans .
Her son has
been itching to demolish her house , but she would not
let him .
" I just got to see it for myself ,
even if it ai n't pretty , " she said .
Finally in New Orleans shortly before Christmas , Lvinia Reddick , wearing hoop
earrings and rubber boots , stood in shock before her collapsing
house in the ghostly wasteland of her lifelong neighborhood .
There
was a moment of silence , and then she wailed to
the heavens .
Relatives kept her from crumbling to the ground .
" Little Charles , " she shrieked , addressing her son , whose late father was
known as Big Charles , "you did n't tell me it was
this bad .
Oh , Lord , have mercy . "
Reddick , who as far back as late September had informed his
mother that the house was destroyed , folded his arms over
his chest and shook his head .
He looked stern but
he was whispering , " You're going to get your house back ,
baby . "
Lvinia Reddick 's niece , Deborah Lockley Wilkes , a high school physics teacher
in Houston , took her arm , suggesting that they draw up
floor plans for a dream house " with a Jacuzzi and
the works , girl . "
" I do n't want a Jacuzzi , " Lvinia Reddick said .
" I just want
my little house with my little fence and my little
neighbor to chat with . "
At that moment , a car rolled slowly down the street , its
passengers taking photographs and notes .
" That 's all you see back
here , " Reddick said .
" Nothing but white folks who want our
land . "
Jimmy Slack , a relative and a New Orleans police officer who
had showed up to offer moral support , climbed back into
his squad car .
Driving away , he blasted Aaron Neville singing
" Please Come Home for Christmas " over his loudspeaker .
Lvinia Reddick
startled , then threw back her head and roared with laughter .
And just like that , she was ready to move on .
Reddick treated his relatives to a feast at the Bourbon House
