Dear Dr. LeCrone : I am interested in your thoughts on mood
and morale .
I think that I am unhappy in my
current job because of the chronic unhappiness of some of
my co-workers , especially my supervisors .
Is it possible that I
am letting their bad mood "infect " me in some way ?
-- Unhappy Camper in Florida .
Dear Unhappy : Have you ever noticed that you wanted to yawn
if you observed someone else yawning ?
Have you ever started laughing just because someone you were watching
was laughing ?
Laughter is contagious and sitcoms have used " canned
laughter " liberally to provoke audience response .
Elegant , persuasive and mesmerizing speakers often capitalize on their ability to
create a certain mood .
They suggest certain emotions to their
audience by displaying the emotion themselves .
Crowds can be "led "
to feel angry , enthusiastic , forgiving , charitable or even saddened by
suggestions given to them by the body language of the
speaker .
The spread of emotions from one person to another often occurs
very subtly through mechanisms below the level of consciousness .
Its
effects are very important in many situations in life , such
as within a family , a business organization , or simply between
two individuals interacting and responding to one another .
Research also has shown that individuals in conversation often quickly match
each other 's facial expressions and other elements of body language
and posture .
Lacking feedback , such as a mirror or a
video camera , we are often unaware of the body language
that we emit .
If we are willing to receive verbal
feedback from someone , we can increase awareness of our own
behavioral and emotional messages .
If we are unwilling to accept
this feedback , we may not be able to measure our
body language .
If management and supervisory level personnel display genuine enthusiasm and optimism ,
others within the organization are more likely to think and
feel the same way .
Leaders who frequently display pessimism and
a negative outlook frequently reap what they sow .
In families , a chronically unhappy parent creates a mood often mirrored
by the child or children .
This parent 's unhappy outlook becomes
the child 's outlook on life , and the cycle may often
repeat itself from one generation to the next .
If you are frequently unhappy , but do n't know why , examine the
relationships in which you are engaged .
Think about making some
sort of change .
Change your response to the situation , try
to change the negative situation , or as a last resort ,
remove yourself from the situation altogether .
Hap LeCrone is a Waco clinical psychologist .
If you have questions
or topics you would like him to discuss , write to
him at 4555 Lake Shore Drive , Waco , TX 76710 or
e-mail him at hlecrone AT aol.com .
And for an archive
of his columns , visit www.lakeshorecenter.net .
