The Celtics are finished with the Spurs , Rockets , Sonics , Warriors , and
Bobcats .
They will be done with the Mavericks after tomorrow
night 's game and with the Hawks after Tuesday night 's game .
And yet they will have played 38 games , almost half
of their schedule , before they see division rival New Jersey .
That meeting will come Jan . 20 in Boston .
The teams meet
again the next night in Continental Airlines Arena , hard off
the New Jersey Turnpike .
Who knows what Celtics team we 'll
see at that point ?
But from the Boston point of
view , they 'd better hope to see a different Nets team
than the one now pulling away in the division .
If the Nets have somehow slid underneath the radar , blame the
schedule maker .
After reeling off eight consecutive victories , the Nets
were rewarded with that rarity of rarities : a full week
between games .
They made it nine straight Friday with a
win at home over Orlando that made them 18-12 , and
they now begin a stretch in which they play 10
of 12 on the road , including three straight against what
may be the top three teams in the West ( San
Antonio , Memphis , Dallas ) and another four-gamer out West .
In the meantime , coach Lawrence Frank has been in his glory
with all this practice time .
They say nature abhors a
vacuum .
Coaches abhor days without practices .
" You know how it is for coaches .
We love this , " Frank
said .
" We gave them a couple days off and then
it was back to work .
But we looked at it
from the position of having time for guys to rest
their bumps and bruises . "
Jersey 's breakout was as unexpected as it was punishing for the
other Atlantic Division residents .
The Nets were 9-12 after a
humiliating home loss to the Bobcats Dec. 14 .
Two nights
later , Jersey smoked the Nuggets and has n't looked back since .
Frank , as all coaches are inclined to do , credits a
commitment to defense as the key .
The stats tend to
back him up .
In their first 21 games , the Nets averaged 93.6 points while
opponents averaged 96 .
In the next eight games , the Nets
averaged 103.4 points while holding opponents to 92.1 .
The opponents '
field goal percentage dropped during the streak while the Nets '
increased .
Fast-break points for New Jersey , always an important stat
with Jason Kidd , went from 11.9 in the first 21
games to 18.3 during the eight-game streak .
" You make stops and understand that it all starts at the
defensive end , " Frank said .
( You know , Doc Rivers says the
same things . )
" You protect the paint . "
It would be absurd not to point out that Vince Carter
has elevated his game back to the Vinsanity days .
Carter
was the conference Player of the Week for the week
ending Christmas Day and was the Player of the Month
in December .
During the Nets ' eight-game streak , Carter was amazing ,
averaging 32.8 points and dropping 51 on the Heat Dec.
23 .
He had 30 or more points in five of
the eight games , and on the night he went for
51 , he hit 23 free throws , a franchise record .
" Vince has raised his game to where it was a few
years ago , " Frank said .
" He 's being very creative and he 's
making opportunities for others .
Richard [Jefferson ] is probably as efficient
as anyone in the league in terms of points per
shot attempts , and Jason has been Jason . "
And Frank saw none of this coming .
" Things go from good to bad and from bad to good
in this league in a hurry , " he said .
" When we
were 9-12 , no one thought we 'd get to 17-12 .
But
we did .
" At the beginning of the year , when we had a healthy
Jason and Richard , I think we all thought we 'd pick
up where we left off last year , when we won
15 of 19 [to finish the season ] .
But we did n't .
And after a couple of tough losses , we sort of
took stock of where we were and what we wanted . "
The Nets have developed a Mariano Riveraesque reputation for closing games ;
they have yet to lose a game this season ( 17-0 )
in which they 've been tied for the lead , or led ,
after three quarters .
Jersey also has had its way with
the Celtics over the last three years ( 12-4 , including playoffs ) ,
which might make Boston fans wish they had seen the
Nets earlier in the season .
