ENGLEWOOD , Colo . - No disrespect intended to Eugene Wilson , but if
the Patriots had done a better job selling John Lynch
when he visited Foxborough in the offseason two years ago
as a free agent , they might have started the season
with a Rodney Harrison-John Lynch safety combination .
How many receivers would have gotten their blocks knocked off ?
" That would have been a lot of fun , and I thought
about that a lot at the time , " Lynch said .
" I
had an opportunity in free agency to visit with both
Bill Belichick and Mike Shanahan and came away impressed with
both sides .
These are the top ones in the league .
" There were a number of circumstances involved with my decision .
The
Patriots certainly impressed me .
The Patriots at the time were
a little nervous about my neck [which he injured late
in the '03 season with Tampa Bay] , and so things
just worked out well here . "
In the end , there was no reason to be worried about
Lynch 's neck .
He 's made his sixth and seventh Pro Bowl
appearances since the visit and has put a stamp of
toughness on a Broncos defense that underwent a major facelift
in the offseason .
It 's a toughness the Patriots experienced first-hand
Oct.
16 when the Broncos got after Tom Brady and
everyone else on offense for a 28-20 win after amassing
a 28-3 lead .
Lynch and Harrison are the two hardest-hitting safeties in the game .
The Patriots wo n't have Harrison , who suffered a major knee
injury in Week 3.
But Lynch has persevered , and he
wishes that Harrison was playing Saturday night .
" I know him , " said Lynch .
" I would n't say I know him
well , but I know there 's a genuine respect from me
for the way he plays the game .
I think he 's
one of the great safeties to ever play the game ,
I really do .
I think it shows on the field .
" There 's no mistaking that when he 's on the field how much
he loves the game and how much passion he has
for the game .
It 's a shame he ca n't play in
this game because it would have been fun to watch
him out there . "
Harrison has made only two Pro Bowls , which he attributes to
being disliked around the league for what was perceived as
dirty play when he was younger .
Lynch , too , has been
fined a lot for big hits , though not as much
as Harrison .
" He should have made more Pro Bowls , " Lynch said .
" As to
why he has n't , I do n't know .
I do n't know what
it is , but I know that a lot of people
respect him in this game .
I know I certainly do .
I think he 's a tremendous player . "
Lynch was lighting up Patriots receivers back in October .
But he
realizes they are a much better team now .
" I just think they 're playing great football right now , " he said .
" Their defense can play with anyone .
A lot of their
guys were hurt back when they played us .
" When you bring new players in , you kind of have to
find your identity , much as we did early in the
year because we had a lot of new players .
You
just have to kind of find what you 're best at .
They have a new coordinator [Eric Mangini] , so I 'm sure
that took some time to adjust to .
" They 've allowed something like 132 yards rushing the last four games .
That 's outstanding football .
They are the defending champs so there 's
nothing but respect coming out of here . "
In the first meeting , the Broncos did what few teams have
been able to do to Brady - pressure him and
get there with big hits before he gets rid of
the ball .
" We did get a lot of hits on him , and that 's
not something a lot of people get to do , " said
Lynch .
" But we were up , 28-3 , on him and he
brought them back .
For us , the formula is always to
stop the run first and then we can get a
few other things going . "
The Broncos wound up having to sweat out that win .
Lynch
knows that if they play the way they did in
the second half of that game , they wo n't advance to
the next round .
" We were kind of struggling with that at that time of
the year , " he said .
" We were getting big leads on
people and then struggling to hang on .
I think we 're
finishing off better now . "
Lynch is no stranger to the postseason , having been a big
part of Tampa Bay 's 48-21 win over Oakland in Super
Bowl XXXVII , the only Super Bowl won by a team
other than New England in the last four years .
He 's
played for Tony Dungy and Jon Gruden and Shanahan , so
he feels he 's been coached by the best .
And he
feels the best will be going head to head Saturday
night .
" Playoff experience is as much with the coaches as it is
with the players , " Lynch said .
" These are two battle-tested playoff
coaches .
These are guys who have won multiple Super Bowls .
" Both teams will be ready to play .
Both teams will be
well-prepared .
When you 're well-prepared , it typically comes down to who
is going to execute the best .
They 're both brilliant coaches .
I really think they are . "
Shanahan , however , won the recruiting game .
Lynch-Harrison would have been an
all-timer .
