CINCINNATI - All you salivating Patriots fans eager for another crack
at the Colts will just have to wait .
The next
order of business will be for Coach Bill to mess
with Jake Plummer 's head instead of Peyton Manning 's .
So clear your social calendar Saturday night for an 8 o'clock
date with the Broncos .
For this you can thank/blame the
Pittsburgh Steelers , whose convincing 31-17 triumph over the AFC North
champion Cincinnati Bengals yesterday meant they will get to play
the Colts Sunday afternoon .
Bengals boosters will always view this one as having an asterisk .
After waiting more than 15 calendar years to see their
team take the field in a playoff game - easily
more than double the wait of runner-up Arizona - they
were crushed within the first five minutes when Pro Bowl
quarterback Carson Palmer departed via the motorized stretcher with a
torn left anterior cruciate ligament following a grab-and-twist tackle by
Pittsburgh defensive end Kimo von Oelhoffen a split-second after releasing
what turned out to be a 66-yard completion to Chris
Henry .
Veteran Jon Kitna directed the team to leads of 10-0 and
17-7 , but the margin was down to 17-14 by the
half and the second half was a study in near-total
futility , as the Bengals amassed a skimpy six first downs
and 115 yards in total offense following intermission .
Cincinnati coach Marvin Lewis took the high road on the subject
of Palmer 's injury .
" I feel like we as a football
team need to learn from this , " he said .
" We came
in here as a football team , and we need to
leave here as a football team .
We need to learn
it is about working through the tough times . "
After starting 11-3 and having a chance to get a first-round
bye , the Bengals ended their season by losing three straight ,
two at home .
This certainly qualifies as " tough times . "
While acknowledging the significance of Palmer 's injury , the Steelers were not
about to apologize for their victory .
" Yeah , it 's unfortunate he
went down , " said wide receiver Hines Ward .
" But he does n't
play defense .
We went out there offensively and did what
we had to do . "
Palmer would have needed his best stuff in order to keep
pace with Ben Roethlisberger .
The second-year quarterback , who has yet
to fully recover from a damaged right thumb , was a
craftsman , completing 14 of 19 passes for 208 yards , three
touchdowns , and no interceptions .
His quarterback rating was about seven
kazillion ( actually , it was 148.7 , which is in the same
neighborhood ) .
Beyond the sheer numbers were the reads and decisions
only his coaches and teammates would know , and , according to
them , he was , shall we say , Brady-like in this one .
" Last year , " said Ward , the recipient of a 5-yard laser of
a touchown toss , "everything was new to him .
Now he 's
a leader out there . "
The whole thing was an efficient piece of Steeler business .
No
one was rattled when Shayne Graham finished off Cincinnati 's first
drive with a 23-yard field goal , or when Rudi Johnson
completed a seven-play , 76-yard drive with a nice run from
the 20 with 1:09 remaining in the opening period .
The
Steelers seemed to sense a momentum change even before it
happened , and when Willie Parker scored on a ridiculously easy
19-yard screen pass ( the Steelers caught Cincinnati in a blitz
and the convoy was almost superfluous ) they had closed to
10-7.
The Bengals had only one more moment , that being a 7-yard
touchdown pass from Kitna to T.J. Houshmandzadeh that capped a
14-play , 57-yard march punctuated by penalties inside the red zone .
The Steelers ' response was a six-play , 76-yard drive leading to
the Roethlisberger-Ward collaboration .
That made it 17-14 at the half ,
and it sent the Steelers off the field in a
good frame of mind .
" We felt at halftime we had taken their best shot , " said
coach Bill Cowher , who never before had been on the
winning side of a playoff road game .
" They gave us their best punches early , and we withstood it , "
agreed Ward .
Once they got their hands on the football , the Steelers were
surgical in the second half .
They did have to work
a bit to get it , however , as the Bengals drove
to the Steelers ' 15 before opting for a field goal .
But the snap was high , punter Kyle Larson was unable
to handle it , and Graham fell on it .
The Steelers
took over on their 34 , and powered their way into
the end zone in eight plays , the last 5 yards
provided by the venerable Jerome Bettis , who actually side-stepped one
man before dragging a second into the end zone for
the go-ahead score .
The Bus wound up as Pittsburgh 's leading rusher ( 10 carries , 52
yards ) , slipping a time-capsule 25-yard ramble inside his usual short
yardage blasts .
" When you 're a closer , " he explained , "it 's important
to be a spark plug . "
But the most-discussed play of the game was the final Pittsburgh
touchdown , a slick bit of classic playoff trickeration .
Facing third
and 3 at the Cincinnati 43 , offensive coordinator Ken Whisenhunt
called " Fake 38 Direct Throwback . "
Wide receiver ( and former quarterback )
Antwaan Randle El took a direct snap , threw it back
on the left to Roethlisberger , and the quarterback launched it
toward the end zone , where both Ward and Cedrick Wilson
were open .
" Hines was medium and I was deep , " said Wilson .
" He decided
to throw it to me . "
It was touchdown , Steelers , and
the bench erupted .
The surest way to bring a smile
to an entire football team is to pull off a
trick play .
The Steelers are aware they may need an A-plus game , plus
a few more " Fake 38 Direct Throwbacks " against the Colts .
" Win in the playoffs , and you live to fight another
day , " said Cowher .
" That 's what the playoffs are all about . "
