It began , appropriately enough , with flatulence .
For the opening of Howard Stern 's first show on Sirius Satellite
Radio Monday morning , a Bronx cheer accompanied the heroic chords
of Strauss ' " Also Sprach Zarathustra . "
Then a spoken introduction by
George Takei , who played Sulu on " Star Trek , " assured listeners
that , despite the switch to the new and largely unfamiliar
format , it was still Stern 's show .
" This is the maiden voyage of Howard Stern 's satellite radio show , "
said Takei , who announced last year that he is gay .
" Its five-year mission : to seek out new lesbians with sexy
stories . "
After more than 20 years on terrestrial radio as the archetypal
shock jock , and a recent media blitz with appearances on
" Larry King Live " and "60 Minutes , " Stern finally inaugurated his
new career Monday .
And for many listeners , it was comfortingly
familiar : ribald talk , raunchy jokes about celebrities , bickering among the
show 's staff and no small amount of self-promotion .
And plenty of dirty words .
" It was n't a whole lot different than before , " said Dave Milstein ,
35 , a clerk at the New York Stock Exchange who
signed up for Sirius over the weekend to hear Stern 's
show .
" There was a little bit of cursing , " he added ,
" but not too much . "
There were some glitches .
Stern complained about feedback in his headphones
and briefly played Tom Petty 's song " The Last D.J. " while
technicians fixed the problem .
He quickly returned to the program ,
playing an uncensored audiotape of the television host Pat O'Brien
in a compromising position and quizzing Takei about his sexual
history .
The program was peppered with foul language , from the show 's dialogue
to the spelling of its call-in phone number .
Stern , who
has long cast himself as a victim of stringent federal
indecency standards , was finally free to do whatever he wanted .
Which , some in the radio business have suggested , might mean
Stern has no more rules to break , no more boundaries
to cross .
" The tortured-man aspect was the most compelling thing about Howard , " said
Michael Picozzi , the program director at WCCC-FM , an independent rock
station in Hartford , Conn .
" He was the guy with a
stripper on his lap but a wife at home .
He
wanted to say dirty words but the FCC would n't let
him say it . "
Picozzi added , " Now he 's not fighting against anybody or anything . "
Griping about federal broadcasting restrictions , long a big part of Stern 's
routine on terrestrial radio -- his last day on the
air was Dec. 16 -- was gone .
Instead , Stern had
a new meta-media theme : the power and novelty of satellite
radio itself .
Inviting dozens of journalists into his studio , Stern ,
the self-appointed "king of all media , " held an 85-minute news
conference on the air , on the subject of himself and
his show .
Since Sirius signed Stern in 2004 , its total number of subscribers
has grown to 3.3 million from about 600,000 .
More than
1.1 million of those new subscriptions came in the fourth
quarter of 2005 , largely on hype for Stern 's show ; Bridge
Ratings , a research firm , estimated that 63 percent of those
fourth-quarter subscriptions were attributable to Stern .
The rush on new subscriptions left some retailers scrambling to fill
orders for the special equipment needed to receive Sirius .
A
spokeswoman for Best Buy said its stock was quickly selling
out and compared its popularity over the holiday season to
that of Apple 's iPod and Microsoft 's Xbox 360 video game
system .
A spokesman for Sirius , Patrick Reilly , said the company had anticipated
the rush and made sure it had enough inventory for
the demand .
" But we ca n't predict what each store is
going to order , " he said .
Stern signed a five-year deal with Sirius that was worth as
much as $ 500 million , and on Thursday the company announced
that as part of that deal Stern was awarded about
$ 220 million worth of Sirius stock because certain subscription goals
had been met .
And while some in radio wonder whether Stern 's appeal will suffer
after the change to satellite radio -- where content is
not regulated by the Federal Communications Commission -- others predict
success .
" Howard Stern 's appeal has very , very little to do with the
use of language and sex , " said Michael Harrison , the editor
and publisher of Talkers , a talk-radio trade magazine .
" People do
not tune in to hear dirty words or to hear
sexuality -- you can get that anywhere . "
" His success has been won by being able to generate publicity
by whatever situation he happens to be a part of , "
he added .
" This is just another shtick , another great Stern
concoction to keep himself on the edge of pop culture . "
