I eagerly anticipated the Labor Day weekend last year .
As a work-at-home mother with a toddler and a newborn , the
idea of a long weekend rendered me giddy .
I was
looking forward to a few days with nothing more ambitious
planned than some walks around the block .
Instead , I spent
the weekend in an intensive care unit where my husband ,
Nathan , was in an induced coma .
On the Thursday before Labor Day , Nathan came home with a
sore throat .
Assuming that it was a summer cold , I
made him tea with honey .
He was able to drink ,
but he said his throat felt constricted , as though he
was choking .
After a feverish and sleepless night , Nathan felt worse , but still
well enough to work .
He asked me to find him
a doctor who could check him out in the afternoon ,
and said goodbye .
We had lived in our suburb in New Jersey for just
under a year and had yet to find a good
primary care physician .
By a stroke of luck -- how
lucky , I had no idea -- our neighbor was an
ear , nose and throat physician .
I called his office and
left a message .
As it was the day before the
long weekend , his junior partner called me back .
I described Nathan 's tight feeling in his throat , his harsh raspy
voice , fever and failed attempts to expectorate .
And I remembered
that he was having trouble breathing .
The doctor insisted that Nathan call immediately .
" It sounds like epiglottitis
to me , " he said .
" But I need to hear his
voice to be sure . "
After e-mailing Nathan to call the doctor , I did some quick
research .
Well , it ca n't be epiglottitis , I thought .
An inflammation
of the cartilage covering the windpipe , the disease is most
common in children 2 to 6 , I learned , an age
range that Nathan passed about 30 years ago .
The cartilage swells rapidly , over a few hours and can cause
the airway to close completely , meaning certain and immediate death .
Well , that seems like an overzealous diagnosis , I thought .
The doctor called back .
" I told him to meet me at
the emergency room , " he said .
" I 'm on duty and I
want to take a look at this personally . "
Slow day in the ER , I thought .
An hour later , Nathan called me from the emergency room .
" I
need you here . "
" I'll be there in about 15 minutes , OK ? " I said distractedly ,
balancing the telephone between my ear and shoulder as I
turned on the coffeemaker .
" The babysitter just got here . "
" Well , they 're about to intubate me and have me unconscious for
a few days , so could you come right away , please ? "
he rasped .
I drove to the hospital , five minutes away , and ran into
the ER .
The doctor was there , along with two anesthesiologists ,
the chief ER surgeon and six nurses .
The doctor said that it was in fact epiglottitis and that
Nathan 's symptoms were advanced and severe , adding , " If we sedate
him and intubate him within the next 10 minutes , the
chances of this being fatal are 1 in 100,000 . "
The intubation , he said , would ensure that his windpipe would remain
open and that Nathan could breathe while being given antibiotics .
" And if we do n't ? "
" We 'll either have to do a tracheotomy or he 'll die . "
Needless to say , we opted for intubation .
I felt as if
I had been catapulted 50 years into the future .
I
was not supposed to be in the ER being asked
if I had a copy of my husband 's living will .
We had a new baby and an "old baby , " not
yet 2.
Nathan and I said our goodbyes before he went under .
The intubation went perfectly , and he was kept in a coma
for two days in the intensive care unit until the
swelling eased .
After coming to terms with the shock , I asked the doctor
what had caused his sudden ailment .
Epiglottitis is usually caused
by Haemophilus influenzae bacteria , he said , but could stem from
other bacteria .
The doctor said Nathan 's recent traveling and lack
of sleep might have left him more susceptible .
Because my toddler and I had received the HIB vaccine , we
were not at any real risk .
The doctor was , however ,
concerned about the newborn .
As a preventive measure , the children and I were placed on
an antibiotic so that we could not be carriers for
the illness .
Nathan 's tube was removed two days later , and
he was pronounced cured .
He left the hospital just in
time to return to work on Wednesday .
It was not the best Labor Day weekend .
But the fact
that we all lived through it was suddenly something to
savor .
