Karl Bushby had been walking across the Western
Hemisphere for seven years when he found himself alone at
night on dangerous ice covering Norton Bay , east of Nome ,
Alaska .
" I pushed so far out that I was on a thin
piece , and basically had open water to either side and
behind me , " Bushby said Thursday by phone from the Koyuk ,
Alaska , home where he 's spending a few days .
He got out of the fix with no harm , though he
had a good scare .
The 36-year-old adventurer left his home in Hull , England , in November
1998 and has not been back .
He entered Alaska two
summers ago on the Alaska Highway to Fairbanks .
He walked
through that fall and winter , crossing west to Unalakleet , Alaska ,
on Norton Sound .
An expired visa forced Bushby to fly
back to Colombia , where he renewed the travel document .
He was back in Alaska in early October .
Starting from the tip of South America , he 's walked 16,000 miles ,
mostly without mishap , though not without embarrassment .
One day last
month , Bushby and a man he met on Alaska 's Kaltag
Portage last year , Dimitri Kieffer , brought out a Fairbanks Fire
Department ambulance as they swam in dry suits across the
Chena River , towing plastic sleds .
Someone thought they were in big trouble and called 911 .
But
the pair were perfectly fine .
They were only training for
the most challenging leg of Bushby 's 36,000-mile journey home , crossing
the frozen Bering Strait between Alaska and Siberia .
He aims to attempt the crossing in about two months .
Kieffer , who has become Bushby 's occasional walking partner , plans to meet
him in Nome this month .
On Tuesday night , Bushby was only several hours out of the
Norton Sound village of Shaktoolik and heading north to Koyuk ,
Alaska .
He was trying to keep to the Iditarod Trail
when he lost the route used by people on snowmachines
to cross Norton Bay .
Wind had covered the trail with blown snow .
Despite his efforts while inching along , he could not pick up
the route nearer the shore to the east .
He got
frustrated and impatient and decided he 'd just push ahead to
the north .
About 9 p.m. , however , his inexperience , as he called it , landed
him in a terrible predicament .
" The (ice ) patch I was on was pretty hairy , pretty thin , "
he said .
" There were patches where I could see water
below .
Some of the ice was moving like a water
bed .
It was pretty alarming .
" I realized I was in a bad situation and it was
best to get on to the troopers and get out
of there . "
Bushby had broken through the ice once already that night and
"gone for a swim , " he said .
" It made me pretty
wary .
I was down to my last set of dry
clothes . "
Not wanting to move , he set up his tent to wait
for daylight .
Wednesday morning , Bushby decided he was "in a
bit of a fix , and pretty much stuck . "
So he called Alaska State Troopers via satellite phone .
Troopers asked
him whether he was requesting help .
Bushby said he told
them that he was safe where he was but that
he would in fact need to be picked up .
Rescuers left Shaktoolik and Koyuk on snowmachines , two from each village .
A helicopter was launched from Nome , roughly 100 miles to
the west .
Meanwhile , the general movement of the ice inland pushed Bushby 's pan
into the better ice , giving him an escape route .
He
called troopers to cancel the chopper , he said , but learned
it was well on its way .
He was back on
the trail north by the time his would-be rescuers reached
him .
" It was a little embarrassing , " Bushby said .
He declined a lift
to Koyuk , choosing to get there on foot .
Bushby will leave Koyuk in a few days , walking to Nome ,
where he will meet up with Kieffer .
The two plan
to pull their sleds 100 or so miles to Wales ,
Alaska , at the tip of the Seward Peninsula .
From there , at the end of February or beginning of March ,
they will try to walk across Bering Strait .
The 56-mile-wide neck of water is largely frozen at that time
of year .
But the ice moves on swift currents and
navigation is difficult , according to Bushby .
Many have tried to cross the strait , including an Alaskan and
a Belgian on skis last April , who tried to be
the first to cross the strait , turn around and come
back .
They were picked up after eight days , adrift on
moving ice 55 miles south of Wales .
Only two people are known to have made the crossing , a
Russian mathematician and his son who walked across eastward in
1998 , taking 30 days and , during the crossing , drifting more
than 200 miles and missing their destination of Wales .
Bushby and Kieffer would be the first to cross westward .
Bushby
said the pair will walk lean and fast , wearing dry
suits and bunny boots , towing plastic sleds that float .
If they make a landing in Siberia , they will walk to
Russia 's Providenya and fly back to Fairbanks .
There Bushby will
gather the rest of his gear , fly back to Providenya
alone , and pick up his trek .
He figures he will have a 20,000-mile walk across Asia and
Europe .
