like many other men there , they had perfected their bootmaking
skills and they made money .
In a cramped shop built onto their home , they patterned and
pieced together hundreds of boots for Mexican and Texan ranchers
and businessmen .
In the afternoons , after school and an hour
of play , Ramirez joined his dad in the shop .
As his father 's assistant , he took orders , handed him hammers , pliers
and screwdrivers and carried water used to soften the leather .
At 15 , Ramirez quit school to work full time with
his father .
By the time he was 16 , he was
assembling the footwear without help .
He built the boot the old-fashion way : by hand , including the
intricate stitching on the leg of the boot , the strips
of piping that run up the side of the boot
and the outsole , or strip of leather that 's hammered around
the sole of the boot .
" It 's the only thing I ever learned how to do , " Ramirez ,
48 , said as he hunched over a workbench cluttered with
masking tape , glue and nails .
He sits down on his
bench , dips a sharp pointed tool in wax , punches a
hold through a piece of leather and ties a knot ,
securing the sole onto the bottom of alligator boots with
blue-and-white stitching .
Eight of his nine brothers are bootmakers in
Juarez and El Paso .
" We worked well together , " he said , remembering the days they worked
side by side .
" We made beautiful boots . "
When he came to Phoenix in the early 1990s , he searched
day after day for a job making boots .
But it
was tough : mom-and-pop Western stores and custom-shoe stores were giving
way to chains and larger shops .
Many have their boots
made abroad , at a pace and price that custom shops
like Boot Maker Espinoza cannot compete with .
" It 's not a real moneymaking business , " said Espinoza , 57 , who 's been
in the business since 1968 , when he made his first
harness leather sandals .
" These are labor intensive . "
Selling a skill
The dozens of shiny boots displayed on wooden racks lining the
shop walls showcase the work .
Kangaroo-skin boots with coyote and
cactus patterns .
Tan ostrich boots embellished with flowered imprints .
Black
buffalo-skin boots with white shooting stars .
Espinoza , Ramirez and Victor Antonio Ruiz Toledo bend over workbenches from
sunrise to sundown to make the custom boots .
Espinoza handles
customers and guides the process .
Ramirez specializes in the sole
work .
Ruiz , who also mastered the art of the boot
in Mexico , specializes in design and stitching .
Stylish yuppies and weathered cowboys walk into the shop throughout the
day and are measured for custom boots .
It can take 20 straight hours of work to build the
boots , typically four to six weeks from the time a
foot is measured to the time the customer walks out
of the store with them .
At Boot Maker Espinoza , prices
start at $ 499 , and can go up to $ 4,000 , depending
on the type .
The most popular skins are cowhide , calfskin
and ostrich , Espinoza said , but people also go for such
