With the Lightning continuing its frustrating win-a-few , lose-a-few ways and showing
no signs of snapping back into a Stanley Cup contender
any time soon , general manager Jay Feaster has three options :
1 .
Stand pat .
Ride it out .
Hope the boys come around .
2. Tinker with it .
Try a couple of minor deals .
Hope
the stars come around .
3. Blow it up .
Wheel and deal .
Make a few blockbuster
trades .
Here 's a vote for the first option , even if it means
getting knocked out in the first round of the playoffs
or missing the postseason entirely .
In fact , suggesting the first
option is not a vote of confidence for this team .
The way the Lightning is playing , standing pat might mean the
same as forgetting about any parades in downtown Tampa in
June .
The problem Feaster faces is the Lightning is so out of
sorts in every area of the game , it 's hard to
zone in on what area to fix .
It is n't as
if there is one hole that needs patched and , boom ,
the Lightning is the team to beat again .
The goaltending has been inconsistent .
The defense looks slow .
The star
forwards have too many invisible nights .
The special teams are
anything but special .
And the grinders and pluggers work their
tails off like they are supposed to but rarely show
up on the score sheet .
It 's a mess .
And there is no magic solution out there .
Okay , for argument 's sake , blame the goaltending .
The best solutions likely
are Minnesota 's Manny Fernandez and Dwayne Roloson and ( maybe ) Washington 's
Olaf Kolzig .
Maybe any of the three is an upgrade
over what the Lightning has now , but none of the
three is so proven that he 'll assure the Lightning gets
deep into the playoffs .
Considering it likely would take a name player ( Fredrik Modin ?
Pavel
Kubina ? ) to get one of those guys , the Lightning is
better off taking its chances with John Grahame and Sean
Burke .
Even if , say , Fernandez could give you a good
ride , another consideration is that all three available goalies are
unrestricted free agents after the season .
The defense certainly needs another body , preferably one with a little
speed .
But what would it cost and is it going
to push the Lightning over the top ?
A differencemaker on
defense is rarely traded midseason because he is such a
valuable commodity .
As far as the scorers go , coach John Tortorella is right
when he says the Lightning has too many talented scorers
to continue struggling offensively .
But make no mistake , the Lightning simply is n't going through a
slump .
This is who it is and , right now , it
is not a serious Cup player .
Because it 's so hard , however , to pull off major trades during
the season now because of the salary cap , Feaster 's options
are severely limited .
That 's why he is better off riding
it out and retooling in the offseason , when the options
through trades and free agency are much greater .
Plus , he must consider what could happen with his free agents :
Grahame , Kubina , Brad Richards , Cory Sarich and Ruslan Fedotenko , among
the key ones .
One little addition is n't going to solve the Lightning 's problems .
And
unless the Lightning trades its entire team for Ottawa 's entire
team , a blockbuster likely wo n't turn the Lightning into a
Cup contender again either .
Lightning diehards like to point out that the 2003-04 Cup team
stumbled and bumbled through the first half of the season ,
too , and then flipped the switch .
This , however , is not
the 2003-04 Lightning .
But it does have a good core
and does n't need a complete overhaul .
In fact , the Lightning has so many special players ( Richards , Marty
St .
Louis , Vinny Lecavalier , for example ) that a few well-planned
changes could make it the best team in the league
again .
But such changes need careful planning , and Feaster should not rush
into a quick-fix trade that will get the Lightning a
few more victories this season at the expense of a
lot of victories in the future .
The clock is not
ticking on the Lightning .
This is n't a do-or-die season .
The
Lightning 's window of being a contender remains wide open for
a few more seasons .
The best thing to do is be patient .
Even if you
know deep down that 2005-06 is not going to be
the Lightning 's season .
