North Carolina redesigned its system of caring for
the mentally ill in 2001 , emphasizing private services instead of
state-run hospitals and clinics .
For too long after that decision
was made , state health administrators managed the progress of reform
without much leadership from Governor Easley and the legislature .
Worse ,
when budgets got tight , they took money intended for transitional
mental health care and spent it on other things .
Many private groups have come forward to provide communities with help
for families of the mentally ill and other services , but
the response has been uneven .
Some needed to know that
government health programs would reimburse them for the care of
indigent patients , and how much , before they could fully commit
their own resources .
Unfortunately , it took the better part of
2005 for the federal Centers for Medicare and Medicaid to
make that call .
Now , federal subsidies for those providing community-based mental health care have
been announced , and that amounts to good news for North
Carolina 's mental health reform .
If all the needed services become
accessible , many patients wo n't have to be confined to state
mental hospitals , and reform will be a well-deserved victory for
these patients and their families .
But it 's a big "if . "
As hospital beds have been phased out , there have been glaring
gaps in services .
Sadly , patients have been discharged to homeless
shelters in some areas .
In Mecklenburg and Cumberland counties , the
state was n't prepared to keep tabs on all the group
homes that opened for business , and some were sorely lacking
in trained staff .
More inspectors were n't mobilized until the death
of a 12-year-old patient in a Charlotte group home made
the papers .
Soon Medicaid will be covering 62 percent of the cost of
key services , including drug and alcohol abuse treatment and emergency
psychiatric care .
Particularly significant is the government 's decision to pay
for teams of professionals who will keep up with patients
and steer them to preventive care .
Research has shown that
the team approach works to keep most people with mental
illness out of hospitals and in their communities .
While expanding the services that Medicaid will cover , federal administrators have
drawn the line at others , some of which North Carolinians
may not deem discretionary .
Last month , Medicaid officials told North
Carolina the program would no longer cover the cost of
trained workers who help some patients with autism or mental
retardation function outside of institutions .
To keep patients from falling between state programs and losing this
help , the legislature needs to put more money in the
state budget .
In fact , the state ought to take more
responsibility for the mentally ill in general .
As the reform
proceeds , state leaders must expect progress , closely monitor developments and
quickly act to plug gaps in services that patients need .
Even with the federal subsidies , gaps in services could persist in
parts of the state .
That ought to be unacceptable to
the governor and legislative leaders who are elected to serve
all North Carolinians .
Raleigh News &amp; Observer editorial
