a defense so different from the one he faced earlier
this season .
He 's led the Broncos to an 8-0 record at home , where
his numbers have been better than anyplace else - 96.3
passer rating with nine touchdowns and two interceptions while completing
62.1 percent of his passes .
With a bye week to rest his aching bones , Plummer has
had an extra few days to prepare for the new-look
Patriots defense .
" He 's not going to put up Peyton or Brady numbers , but
he can if that 's what he 's asked to do , " said
the coordinator .
" He 's great with play-action and you have to
respect their running game .
He does n't beat himself by aiming
the ball or looking to one place so the linebackers
and safeties can get a jump on his throws .
They
had the most rushing yards of any team in the
league .
They want to beat up your defense on the
ground , hit you with some big plays , and let their
defense do their thing .
They 've got [safety ] John Lynch back
there and he creates havoc with opposing receivers because he 's
still an excellent player and one of the toughest guys
in the league . "
Our defensive coordinator likes the Broncos for the following reasons :
1 .
While he thinks the Patriots can stop the Broncos ' running
game to some degree , he does n't believe they can offset
Plummer 's play-making ability .
2.
He thinks the Broncos can continue to get pressure on
Brady and force him slightly out of his rhythm .
3.
He thinks with a bye , Shanahan has spent most of
his time working on the Patriots and he believes when
Shanahan has that kind of time he usually comes up
with a very strong game plan .
" The Patriots have re-opened a lot of people 's eyes , " said the
coordinator .
" They were dominant against the Jaguars , but the Jaguars
are a young team and they are n't the Broncos at
Mile High .
I think it 's going to be a really
close game .
Might come down to which team can create
the most turnovers , and I 'd say the Broncos have the
better secondary . "
The coaching matchup is also a little fairer between Belichick and
Shanahan , than Bill Belichick against most coaches .
They have five
Super Bowl titles between them .
Shanahan and Gary Kubiak , who
could become the next coach of the Houston Texans after
interviewing with them last week , have been together for a
long time and game plan extremely well .
Though Patriots safety Eugene Wilson has started to hit people , the
Patriots do n't have Rodney Harrison , while the Broncos do have
Lynch .
The guy remains one of the biggest hitters in
the game .
Patriots receivers are pretty tough , but Lynch will
get you a few times and he tends to leave
an impression .
Then there 's the altitude issue .
The Patriots will echo Belichick 's sentiment
that it is n't a factor .
It is .
Just as everyone knows Brady has made the Patriots a three-time
Super Bowl champion , Plummer has a chance to ignite quite
a rally in Denver .
Just like Damon used to in
