California ranks first in the nation in emergency care ,
according to a first of its kind report card being
issued today .
( Tuesday )
The American College of Emergency Physicians awarded the state top rankings
in multiple areas , while raising red flags in others .
California scored A+ grades in everything from preventing injury and illness
to medical liability and reform initiatives .
It even distinguished itself
as the only state to receive grades of passing or
better in all report card areas .
" It 's a great honor , and I think it 's well deserved " said
Dr.
Gene Kallsen , chief of emergency medicine at the University
Medical Center in Fresno .
" California has shown leadership in emergency
care in several areas . "
In other areas , however , California 's showing was less impressive .
In access
to emergency care and patient safety the state 's performance sunk
to the C level .
" I 'm not surprised by the C rating , " said Dr. Val Warhaft ,
chief medical officer for the Southern California-based Emergent Medical Associates .
" We have very long waits in our emergency departments .
We
have large problems maintaining our on-call physician rosters . "
" We have a very large uninsured or under-insured patient population , " Warhaft
added , " and maintaining quality services and keeping well-trained board-certified physicians
in the state is becoming more difficult . "
California 's health care , in other words , is good if you can
get it , but getting it is n't always easy .
Long waits
and overcrowded emergency rooms are a widely recognized problem .
" We 've had to fight really hard to maintain state staffing standards "
said Chuck Idelson , spokesman for the Sacramento-based California Nurses Association .
California has one of the lowest staff-to-patient ratios for nurses in
the nation , Idelson noted .
In another recent report , by the Congressional Research Service , some San
Joaquin Valley hospitals reported they could not find registered nurses
despite offering entry-level salaries of $ 45,000 to $ 55,000 a year .
San Joaquin Valley counties , moreover , lag far behind in holding
on to physicians .
The eight Valley counties between San Joaquin and Kern average 1.4
active doctors per 1,000 residents , the congressional researchers noted .
Nationwide ,
the average is 2.4 doctors per 1,000 residents .
The new 130-page report grades state emergency care systems from " A"
to " F . " Grades are based on a curve set by
the highest-ranking state in each of four categories .
The report
card categories cover everything from access to liability .
The state 's
$ 250,000 cap on punitive damages , for instance , helped earn it
the top mark on medical liability .
California 's public health initiatives also helped the state earn top scores .
The emergency physicians praised California for having effective childhood vaccination
programs , stringent seatbelt laws and a relatively low number of
alcohol-related fatalities .
California 's C+ grade for access to emergency care is attributed to
lack of patient insurance .
More than 18 percent of the
state 's residents are without health insurance , the report notes --
and the percentage is even higher in the San Joaquin
Valley .
The closing of many emergency care facilities has hurt California 's ranking .
The state ranked dead last for the number of emergency
departments , averaging only 6.1 departments for every 1 million residents .
By contrast , Connecticut has 8.6 emergency departments for 1 million
residents .
" California needs new emergency departments , more hospital-staffed beds , and nurses , " the
report recommends .
" Such improvements are the key to maintaining and
improving the state 's future grades . "
The report pinpoints strengths in other states that California could learn
from .
" It 's surprising that we ranked first , " said Warhaft , " considering the state
of our state" .
