died .
" I had no idea why , " said Susan Patrick , a
breeder for 35 years .
Patrick 's veterinarian , Stuart Gluckman , suggested post-mortem testing by pathologists at Cornell .
In the meantime , an associate at his practice , Dr. Sara
Sanders , was investigating the illness of two golden retrievers , one
of whom later died .
The veterinarians realized that both groups
of dogs were being fed Diamond products .
A receptionist at
the practice overheard and was concerned because she was also
using that brand , though her dog seemed healthy .
They alerted the state veterinary diagnostic center at Cornell , which tested
the food and found aflatoxin .
About two weeks later , the
receptionist 's dog died .
Patrick has lost 7 of her 25
dogs and all of the others are still sick .
" They were dying in my lap , " she said .
Once the problem was realized , Cornell experts prepared for the onslaught
of cases .
Many cut short holiday plans and are still
working long shifts trying to figure out how to stave
off death in the dogs .
There is no antidote .
Human aflatoxin poisoning , which sometimes occurs in
Third World countries , requires a liver transplant .
Center is giving
the dogs a series of drugs to sustain them until
their livers can regain some function .
Veterinary students have been
bringing in their own pets to donate blood and plasma
for the sickly animals .
The dogs that survive could face lifelong liver complications and a
greatly increased risk of liver cancer .
Center is fielding calls from concerned veterinarians up and down the
East Coast , and she fears that many other pets have
died at their local animal hospital or at home without
the disease being diagnosed .
The hardest calls , she said , are
from older pet owners , who have lost their main companion .
" They 're anguished , " she said .
In some cases , it 's the owners , not the medicine , who bring
comfort to the dogs .
Jane-Marie Law crawled into the large
cage that held her standard poodle , Tavi , to comfort her
during her more difficult moments .
After three weeks and nearly
$ 7,500 in bills , Tavi is recovering .
Law is helping the
Lugo family .
After meeting them on Friday at Cornell , Law
took in Robert and Janice Lugo , who live four hours
away , in Catskill , N.Y .
( END OPTIONAL TRIM. )
Meanwhile , Diamond , which has never had a similar problem , is also
trying to cope , Brinkmann said .
After the company confirmed the
contamination , it set up a call center and hired 12
veterinarians to answer questions .
About a thousand people a day
call in .
" They 're getting hammered , " said Stan Casteel , a veterinary
professor who is working at the call center .
Diamond has also created an additional level of testing for aflatoxin
and said it will reimburse people for their veterinary bills
and the cost of their lost animal in confirmed cases ,
Brinkmann said .
" If we do the right thing , we can
recover , " he said .
On Saturday , Minnie lay in her cage , awake but motionless except
for a tail wag when she saw her owners .
" Once
in a while , she 'll just look at us like the
