Flash memory , which allows for the thin design
of the Apple iPod Nano , was one of the stars
of the International Consumer Electronics Show last week .
Samsung Electronics and Pioneer Electronics , for example , drew attention to their
$ 400 portable XM Satellite Radio players , the Samsung Helix and
the Pioneer Inno , which both use flash memory to store
as much as 50 hours of radio programming and music
files .
And Sandisk announced at the show that it would sell a
$ 300 portable music player , the Sansa e200 , that uses 6
gigabytes of flash memory rather than a hard drive .
Flash memory also appeared in more video cameras and global positioning
satellite devices this year .
All told , worldwide demand for flash memory , typically a smaller , more
portable form of memory , rose 240 percent in 2005 , to
1,750 million gigabits , and is expected to grow at the
same pace this year , according to industry estimates .
Given those figures , one may be forgiven for thinking that hard
disk drives are a technology of the past .
But hard
drives may instead be entering a new era of popularity
as large home storage devices become more important .
The reason is all those little hand-held devices , many built with
flash memory .
Consumers are discovering that at 99 cents a
song or $ 9 a movie , the value of the content
on a mobile media player can easily exceed the value
of the device itself .
" So what will you do ? " asked William Watkins , president and chief
executive of Seagate , which makes storage devices .
" You 'll back it
up . "
While hard drives , at around one-sixth the capacity-cost of flash memory ,
have a decided cost advantage , product designers like flash memory
because it allows them to make smaller and thinner devices .
But for huge amounts of storage , hard drives will have a
prominent place in the home .
Seagate , whose main business is selling hard drives to makers of
PCs , also sells external drives directly to consumers .
Some hold
as much as a half a terabyte , or 500 gigabytes ,
of data .
Seagate also sells the Mirra personal server , which can store data
and share it with all the computers in a home ,
as well as allow remote access to that data .
Maxtor ,
a company that Seagate announced last month that it was
buying , also makes consumer models .
" If anything , we are more confident in our position , " Watkins said .
Because hard drives get about six times more storage capacity
per dollar , they are a cost-conscious solution for devices that
need to store large amounts of data .
Indeed , Maxtor is
counting on consumers storing their libraries of digital content in
three or four places in their homes .
Consumers may also eventually install hard drives in their cars to
have their music and video libraries accessible there .
Navigation systems
are already being built with larger-capacity hard drives to store
information on routes , as well as music and videos .
At the electronics show , Pioneer demonstrated the Avic-Z1 navigation system with
a 30-gigabyte hard drive .
It will appear in stores in
April at around $ 2,250 .
Flash memory makers , many of which also make hard drives , see
the next opportunity in enhancing hard drives .
This year "is the year that flash memory invades the personal
computer , " said Don Barnetson , Samsung Semiconductor 's associate director of flash
marketing .
Up to now , flash memory 's only connection to the
PC was when someone inserted a memory drive into a
USB port .
Samsung said that this year , hard drives would be made with
flash memory added .
That flash will take up some storage
tasks such as accessing frequently used applications , cached pages of
data or even elements of the operating system .
Samsung says that because the drives will not have to spin
as often , the addition of flash could cut the power
consumption of a computer , which is critically important for battery-powered
laptops , and make hard drives more reliable .
Barnetson estimates that $ 2 to $ 5 of flash memory in a
hybrid hard drive could allow a battery to run as
much as 30 minutes longer on charge .
Samsung and Seagate are both working on the hybrid hard drives .
They are expected to be sold at the end of
the year , after Microsoft releases its new Vista operating system .
