Two months ago Time magazine jumped at the chance to make
a deal with Simon &amp; Schuster for the exclusive serial
rights to " At Canaan 's Edge : America in the King Years ,
1965-68 , " the third volume in Taylor Branch 's Pulitzer Prize-winning series
on the civil rights movement that comes out Tuesday .
" I moved quickly on it because I think it 's a terrific
book , it 's long awaited , it 's very dramatic , " said Stephen J.
Koepp , the deputy managing editor at Time .
Time , which is owned by Time Warner , put together a big
package for its Jan . 9 issue , including a cover photograph
of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. , an eight-page excerpt from
the book , exclusive photos , and an online interview with Branch .
The issue went online on Sunday , Jan . 1 , and landed
on newsstands a day later .
But the editors at Time got a rude surprise when they
looked online that same Sunday morning and saw that Newsweek 's
issue included a long essay about King and Branch 's book
written by Jonathan Alter , one of Newsweek 's senior editors and
columnists .
While the book was not embargoed prior to release , it had
been sent out to many media outlets for review , and
Newsweek had put in a bid .
To Koepp , Newsweek 's piece
smacked of dirty pool .
" I knew that other people had access to it .
There 's a
kind of an honor system that if you 've read a
book for serial rights and you 're not going to buy
them , you do n't go and do the book before it 's
out , and we observe that , " he said .
" Obviously , not everybody
else does . "
Jon Meacham , the managing editor of Newsweek , which is owned by
the Washington Post Co. , said that there was nothing sneaky
about publishing Alter 's essay .
The publication of the book is
a "big , literary historical event " and Alter had a unique
perspective to offer , said Meacham .
But Meacham did say that Alter 's essay was in part a
response to Time 's package .
" Sure we 're in constant competition , and
that 's what 's fun about it , " he said .
The biggest beneficiaries of the skirmish , of course , are Simon &amp;
Schuster and Branch .
" I believe the phrase in the industry
is 'a spoiler , ' which one might cynically think this is , "
said David Rosenthal , publisher of Simon &amp; Schuster .
He added ,
" It 's great attention on the book . "
Koepp , while less than pleased , said he was consoled by the
fact that Time 's coverage was more substantial than Newsweek 's .
" To
the extent that we 're the first big taste of this
for readers , for someone else to be nibbling at the
edges of this , it 's not ideal , " he said .
" But I
greeted it with a shrug . "
-- LIA MILLER
PUBLIC RADIO LISTENERS WANT THEIR MONEY BACK
When the public radio station in Detroit canceled some local music
shows and replaced them with nationally syndicated talk and news
programs , it probably expected some complaints from listeners .
What it
got was a lawsuit from seven listeners asking for their
pledge money back .
A group of listeners to WDET-FM in Detroit filed a class-action
lawsuit against the station on Dec. 19 , claiming fraud and
breach of contract .
The Detroit Free Press reported that seven
plaintiffs filed for damages after contributing to the station 's last
on-air fundraising pledge drive , which ended in October .
Station managers
announced the new schedule on Dec. 13 .
The listeners claim that they were tricked into contributing money for
programs that the station already planned to cancel .
" They took our money six weeks before they made the changes , "
said Dan Sordyl , a member of the committee for SaveDetroitRadio.com ,
a Web site started by disgruntled listeners after WDET 's announcement .
Sordyl says that he is trying to negotiate a compromise
with WDET or Wayne State University , which owns the station .
Like other public radio stations , WDET depends on private funds for
the bulk of its operating budget ; in WDET 's case , about
90 percent comes from the private sector .
Listeners are regularly
entreated to donate through on-air pledge drives , and this active
solicitation has the side effect of increasing audience interest in ,
and response to , programming decisions .
A similar lawsuit in New
Mexico in 1987 resulted in a station there calling public
hearings before making further programming changes .
" There was no relationship between the timing of the announcement and
our fall fund drive , " said Michael Coleman , the general manager
of WDET.
He would not comment on the lawsuit , but
he noted that the changes reversed previous programming decisions that
had replaced some national staples like " Fresh Air " and " Car
Talk " with locally produced music shows .
The new schedule restores
and increases the amount of programming that comes from National
Public Radio .
" It 's a better business decision and it 's a better service to
this urban market , " Coleman said of the schedule changes .
" I
think public radio needs to be about more than music
programming . "
-- MARIA ASPAN
