Giorgio Rocca is undefeated in slalom this season ,
and he won his fourth World Cup race in that
discipline Sunday .
But with the Olympic Games in his native
Italy next month , he has asked people to resist comparing
him to the former Olympic and World Cup champion Alberto
Tomba .
Adriano Iliffe , the manager of the Italian ski team , said : " You
know , in Italy , they always like to put someone 's name
beside Tomba 's .
But Tomba was Tomba and Rocca is Rocca .
They are two different people . "
Rocca is a reserved and disciplined slalom specialist , more concerned with
charity than sports cars .
After winning two bronze medals at
the world championships last winter , Rocca auctioned his equipment to
raise money for hospitals in Afghanistan .
Rocca finished the Adelboden slalom Sunday in 1 minute 39.14 seconds ,
six-tenths of a second ahead of Ted Ligety of the
United States .
Benjamin Raich of Austria was third .
" Of course he is a big rival for me , and I
really have to watch him , " Rocca said of Ligety , who
stands behind him in the slalom standings .
" He is a
nice guy , and he has his own technique , but he
is able to work on it to make it efficient
and consistent . "
Ligety was a forerunner at the Salt Lake Games , meaning he
ran the slalom course just before the first racer , to
test the timing systems and leave a groove in the
snow .
That event was held in his hometown , Park City , Utah , and
Ligety was 17 and a member of the local ski
team .
Now 21 , Ligety is a strong contender for a
medal in Turin .
On Sunday , he was late for the
postrace news conference because he was posing with three of
his teammates for the cover of Sports Illustrated .
" It all came quickly , and it 's pretty sweet , " he said .
If people are looking for Tomba 's flamboyance , they are not going
to find it in Ligety , who is polite and earnest ,
at least around reporters .
On the hill , however , he can
be outrageous .
" He brings a lot of color to his skiing , " said Phil
McNichol , the coach of the U.S. men 's team .
" He skis
a bold line and is loose in his ankles and
knees .
It 's an artistic approach , actually . "
Ligety concedes that he makes a lot of it up as
he goes along , relying on athletic instinct and sheer desire
to save him when things inevitably go wrong .
" I do n't ski with great tactics , " Ligety said .
" I just ski
with emotion . "
In that way , he reminds some of Bode Miller , who often
sends just his feet around the gates while the rest
of his body plunges straight downhill , rocking back and forth
with an awkward , rubbery technique that the former Olympic and
World Cup champion Phil Mahre says reminds him of Gumby .
But Miller has sublime speed and is arguably the fastest slalom
skier in the world when he finishes both runs , which
has happened only 22 times in his 74 career efforts .
Miller crashed again Sunday .
