Twelve Americans were believed to have been killed
late on Saturday night when an Army UH-60 Black Hawk
helicopter crashed in northern Iraq between the restive cities of
Tal Afar and Mosul .
Bad weather was thought to have played at least some role
in the crash , but by Sunday evening the military had
not ruled out any possible cause or said whether hostile
fire was involved .
The crash came as the military reported that five Marines were
killed in fighting with insurgents west of Baghdad over the
weekend .
Combined with the deaths of 11 American servicemen on
Thursday , the fatalities marked one of the deadliest four-day stretches
for the military since the fall of Baghdad .
As of late Sunday the U.S. military had not said whether
any on board the downed helicopter were civilians .
" All I
can say at this time is that they are all
believed to be U.S. citizens , " said Lt . Col . Barry Johnson ,
a military spokesman in Baghdad .
According to the manifest for the flight , there were eight passengers
and four crew members .
" There was severe weather in the area , and that appears to
have been a contributing factor " for the crash , Johnson said .
" But we do n't know the precise cause yet . "
The helicopter crashed in a sparsely populated region about seven miles
east of Tal Afar just before midnight .
It had been
flying between military bases in northern Iraq in support of
troops from Task Force Band of Brothers , the U.S. unit
that patrols north-central Iraq .
A rescue operation was begun as
soon as communications were lost , the military said , and the
helicopter was found about noon on Sunday .
The Marines patrolling volatile Anbar Province in western Iraq suffered five
fatalities over the weekend , including three killed by insurgents in
separate attacks on Sunday in Fallujah .
Another Marine died Saturday after his vehicle was attacked with a
roadside bomb near Al Karmah , the military said .
Also on Saturday , a roadside bomb detonated by insurgents near the
village of Ferris killed another Marine .
In Baghdad , the Iraqi and French authorities reported that Bernard Planche ,
a 52-year-old French engineer kidnapped in Baghdad last month , was
set free on Saturday near a checkpoint set up west
of the capital by Iraqi and U.S. soldiers , Agence France-Presse
reported .
