the improper registrations were part of an organized effort to
commit election fraud .
" I think a lot of it is innocent , " Latimore said .
" Maybe
they live in apartments and do n't think the mail there
is secure . "
" People move in and out for convenience 's sake , " she said .
" They
just use that as their address . "
Susan Segars , for instance , uses a box at a UPS Store
to collect her mail .
She lives nearby , in the same
voting precinct .
So , she said , listing the mailbox address on
her voter registration form made sense .
" It 's more secure , " she said .
The voter rolls are public record ,
she said , and " I do n't like to publish my address . "
Segars , 43 , votes regularly -- 10 times this decade .
But she
said she has never tried to hide from poll workers
the fact that her residence does n't match her address in
their files .
" They know it , " she said .
" I tell them every time . "
Despite some voters ' frankness , election officials say detecting inaccurate addresses is
difficult .
For years , prospective voters had to register in person at a
county election office .
That changed after Congress adopted the National
Voter Registration Act of 1993 , commonly known as the motor
voter law because it allows residents to register to vote
while obtaining or renewing a driver 's license .
The law requires prospective voters to document only their identity , not
their residence , said Chris Riggall , a spokesman for Secretary of
State Cathy Cox , Georgia 's chief elections officer .
And the documentation
of identity is not rigorous ; an easily obtained Social Security
card will suffice .
County election registrars plug applicants ' information into a statewide computer database .
If an address is on a real street , the registration
goes through .
The database disregards whether the address is residential ,
commercial or even industrial .
" It 's not an extensively vetted process , " Riggall said .
A few states , such as California , canvass neighborhoods to spot-check their
voter lists , according to the U.S. Election Assistance Commission , a
federal agency that certifies state voting systems .
Wyoming checks property
ownership lists and car registrations , and Massachusetts compares its voter
rolls against an annual statewide census of street addresses .
In metro Atlanta , officials said , rapid growth creates problems .
" We 've got so many areas now where it 's residential today , and
tomorrow it 's gone commercial , " said Lynn Ledford , Gwinnett County 's elections
supervisor . Her staff is compiling a list of commercial addresses
to compare against voter registration applications .
No one denies that the potential for abuse is high .
Anyone
who filled out a phony registration application could also present
a false identification card at the polls , possibly at numerous
locations , casting any number of fraudulent ballots .
Sullivan , of Fulton 's elections office , said workers discovered an apparent scheme
to submit fraudulent registrations in 2004 .
About 5,000 applications for registration arrived in the mail , filled out
in similar , if not identical , handwriting , Sullivan said .
Workers also
noticed that many forms appeared to have been filled out
in sequence , possibly from a telephone directory .
The county sent letters to each of the purported applicants .
" Of
