Nonetheless , Olmert was elected Jerusalem 's mayor in 1993 and held that
difficult job for a decade .
The city is sacred to
three major religions - Judaism , Islam and Christianity - and
the scene of frequent tension not only between Arabs and
Jews , but also secular Jews and religious Jews .
" It 's a very complicated city , " Olmert told the Times during an
interview in early 1999 .
At the time , Arabs were complaining
that his administration had short-changed them on municipal services and
building permits , while Orthodox Jews had just held a huge
rally to protest what they considered the antireligious "tyranny " of
Israel 's Supreme Court .
Some Jerusalem residents viewed Olmert as an absentee mayor who had
no real commitment to the city other than as a
springboard to higher office .
He acknowledged he spent a lot
of time abroad - he had just returned from Florida
- and had considered running for prime minister .
Instead , he supported Netanyahu , although Olmert criticized his handling of the
1998 Wye River peace accord .
Bowing to U.S. pressure , Netanyahu
had agreed to turn over part of the West Bank
to the Palestinians only to later accuse them of reneging
on their pledges to curb terrorism .
" To go to Wye and sign an agreement , then say , " By
the way , I realize ( Yasser ) Arafat does n't fulfill his commitments '
- did n't he know that before ? "
Olmert said .
" That 's not
statesmanlike . "
Netanyahu lost to Barak .
As he spoke that day in 1999 , Olmert sat in the
airy , sun-filled lounge of a new five-star hotel .
Jerusalem was
in the midst of a building boom as it prepared
for an expected flood of visitors during millennium celebrations in
the Holy Land .
But the tourism bonanza was cut short the following year when
Sharon , whom many Palestinians consider a war criminal , made a
provocative visit to a Muslim holy site accompanied by scores
of riot police .
The incident helped spark four years of
violence between Israelis and Palestinians .
As suicide attacks killed dozens , Sharon portrayed himself as the only
one who could bring security to Israel .
He defeated Barak
in 2001 and two years later , Olmert joined the Cabinet
as deputy prime minister and minister of labor , industry and
trade .
Less ideological than many other Likud members , Sharon and Olmert realized
Israel could n't remain both a democracy and a Jewish state
if it continued to occupy the Gaza Strip with its
rapidly expanding Arab population .
The decision to withdraw Israeli troops
from Gaza and parts of the West Bank last summer
infuriated many Likudniks but drew broad public approval .
Olmert , who once opposed relinquishing any land captured in the 1967
Mideast War , was among the most vocal supporters of the
Gaza pullout .
He also expressed regret that he had opposed
the 1978 Camp David peace accords , in which Menachem Begin
agreed to Israel 's withdrawal from the Sinai in exchange for
peace with Egypt .
In November , saying Likud " cannot lead the nation to its goals , "
Sharon founded Kadima .
Olmert followed him into the new party
