broken up large high schools into smaller ones with specific
academic themes ; opened more K-8 schools ; added full-day kindergarten for
all 5-year-olds ; developed stricter attendance , promotion , and graduation guidelines ; and
improved scores on state achievement tests .
" We 're looking for a leader who can build on the great
success we 've already had , " said Cleve Killingsworth , president and CEO
of Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts and co-chairman of
the search committee .
But some community and education leaders say that is not enough .
" While we respect Dr. Payzant , we do n't need a ' Mini
Me , " ' Sandra McIntosh , a parent coordinator at English High and
head of a grass-roots coalition to improve Boston schools , said
at a recent School Committee meeting .
Although Boston students ' scores on the Massachusetts Comprehensive Assessment System test
have risen faster than the state average since the tests
were first given in 1998 , black and Hispanic students continue
to lag .
Compared with other urban school systems in the country , Boston has
a smaller achievement gap between white students and black and
Hispanic students , according to the results released last month of
the 2005 National Assessment of Educational Progress .
But in math ,
the gap between Boston 's white and black eighth-graders grew between
2003 and 2005 , as did the gap between white fourth-graders
and black and Hispanic fourth-graders in reading .
" Payzant put some stability in and gave us the basic agenda
to go forward .
But the stakes are much higher now , "
said George " Chip " Greenidge , executive director of the Roxbury-based National
Black College Alliance , referring to the federal No Child Left
Behind law that holds school systems accountable for improving student
achievement . " We need somebody to kick the ball into the
goal . "
Some teachers , principals , and community leaders said the next superintendent should
feel at ease among minority and immigrant groups , and be
able to build alliances with them , while also ensuring that
administrators and teachers are trained to understand and work with
students from diverse cultural backgrounds .
" The thing this person needs to have that Tom has struggled
with is , at the gut level , to understand and identify
with the culture of the kids , " said Jacqueline Rivers , executive
director of MathPower , which trains middle school math teachers and
advocates for change within the school system .
Others said they are concerned about the dwindling number of black
and Hispanic students in the pipeline for the city 's three
exam schools .
More than half of the students in the
fourth through sixth grades who are enrolled in accelerated classes
that prepare them for the exam schools are white and
Asian , even though black and Hispanic students make up more
than three-fourths of Boston students .
The disparity continues through high
school , when black and Hispanic students are more likely to
drop out .
" When you look at African-American and Latino students , there 's a crisis
that is difficult to deny , " said Caprice Taylor Mendez , executive
director of the Boston Parents Organizing Network .
The search committee is holding a series of community forums to
hear from the public what the superintendent 's priorities should be ,
