As Israeli doctors try to bring Prime Minister Ariel Sharon gradually
out of a medically induced coma Monday , they will be
seeking clues to the severity of the damage from the
potentially deadly hemorrhagic stroke he suffered last week .
The doctors were expected to massage and pinch Sharon 's skin , vigorously
rub his chest and ask him to perform simple tasks
like blinking as part of their examination to begin to
determine the degree of paralysis and impairment of his intellectual
skills .
Doctors have said they assume there will be some
impairment .
During the four days that Sharon , 77 , has been in a
coma , doctors have relied chiefly on imaging tests like CT
scans to monitor his progress .
Those scans have shown continued
improvement , the doctors said Sunday .
But such imaging tests do
not provide information about a patient 's neurological function .
Diminishing the coma "is what we have all been waiting for
since Wednesday , to know how the prime minister 's brain is
functioning , " said Dr. Shlomo Mor-Yosef , the director of Hadassah Ein
Kerem hospital in Jerusalem where Sharon is in an intensive
care unit .
Dr.
Lee H. Schwamm , who directs acute stroke services at Massachusetts
General Hospital in Boston , compared the process of easing the
coma to " taking his brain out for a test drive . "
But a definitive assessment of Sharon 's neurological state is unlikely in
the first day of lightened anesthesia , said Shwamm , who is
not involved in Sharon 's care , speaking in a telephone interview
Sunday .
In the process , which could last several days , the brain will
" show us what it has got " after the stroke and
three operations , Schwamm said .
Sharon 's possible failure to respond to commands on the first day
would not necessarily be a bad sign , Schwamm said , "in
part because it may take a few days for Sharon 's
body to fully wash out the anesthetics . "
Some stroke patients who have little response on the first day
after a coma is lifted can often follow commands readily
on the third day .
The doctors would also be expected to ask Sharon to follow
simple commands like opening and closing his eyes , sticking out
his tongue , and squeezing their hands .
The doctors probably will pinch Sharon or pull his hair to
see if he moves his legs , arms and head and
whether his hand moves to the stimulated area to prevent
more pain .
" Ultimately , what you are looking for is evidence that the left
side of the brain can still do the job that
it is responsible for , which is to comprehend spoken and
written communication , " Schwamm said .
But , Schwamm said : " A win here would be that he could
speak , understand speech and move his right side purposely , even
if he ended up in a wheelchair .
Preserving such functions
will have justified the efforts that Sharon 's doctors have made
trying to save his life , even his brain . "
