In a blaze across the night sky , it should be a
spectacular homecoming at the end of a very , very long
journey .
After covering 2.88 billion miles over seven years , the Stardust spacecraft
is nearing home with its minute but precious cargo : samples
of what are believed to be the oldest materials in
the solar system .
Tucked away in what looks like a giant fly swatter of
a collector is dust swooped up from a close encounter
with the comet Wild2 and an accumulation of particles picked
up in three circuits of the Sun .
" This has been a fantastic opportunity to collect the most primitive
material in the solar system , " said Donald Brownlee of the
University of Washington , the principal investigator for the mission .
" We
fully expect some of the comet particles to be older
than the Sun . "
Comets , icy bodies that normally inhabit a region near Pluto 's orbit ,
are made of material many scientists believe is virtually unchanged
since the Sun and the planets formed about 4.6 billion
years ago .
Studying comets not only provides clues to how the solar system
was created but could also help explain how certain materials
and conditions combined to form life , researchers said .
" Comets are a library of our history , " said Thomas Duxbury , project
manager at the National Aeronautics and Space Administration 's Jet Propulsion
Laboratory in Pasadena , Calif. , which is supervising the mission .
After its launching in 1999 , the Stardust circled the Sun and
flew by Earth for a gravity boost to rendezvous with
Wild2 near Jupiter .
On Jan . 2 , 2004 , the Stardust came
within 149 miles of the comet , deploying shields to protect
itself from cometary dust while extending a 160-square-inch collector filled
with a material called aerogel .
This low-density silicon material , composed of 99.8 percent air , gently slowed
and trapped particles without significantly altering or damaging them .
Stardust
also spent 195 days collecting interstellar particles that flow through
the solar system .
The challenge now is to bring them home safely .
If all
goes as planned , a capsule bearing the space dust will
dive into the atmosphere in on Saturday and gently parachute
the samples to the Utah desert .
But bringing the Stardust home will require an orchestrated sequence of
events , many of them performed autonomously by the spacecraft .
Adding
to the tension is the fact that the Stardust return
capsule is similar to one released by an earlier NASA
probe called Genesis , which crashed to Earth in 2004 when
its parachutes failed .
Collector plates that trapped solar particles during Genesis ' two-year mission were
shattered and contaminated , but scientists are trying to recover some
of the science .
" We are convinced that this is not going to happen on
Stardust , " said Edward Hirst , the mission 's systems manager .
" We took
the lessons learned on Genesis and looked at Stardust . "
Both craft were built by Lockheed Martin Space Systems and share
some systems .
But engineers said that the faulty switch believed
to have failed in deploying parachutes on the more complex
Genesis capsule passed testing on Stardust before launching .
Nonetheless , Duxbury said , NASA has prepared contingency plans to recover the
samples in case the mission , which cost $ 212 million , ends
in a crash landing .
" If we have an accident and
land hard , we still think we can get the science
out , " he said .
(STORY CAN END HERE.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS. )
Stardust has begun its final preparations to come home .
On Nov.
16 , it performed the first of three trajectory correction maneuvers
aiming it at a target area southwest of Salt Lake
City .
The second , Hirst said , was performed Thursday and was
a textbook maneuver .
" After sifting through all the post-burn data ,
I expect we will find ourselves right on the money , "
he said .
The last adjustment , scheduled for Friday , will place the craft in
a re-entry corridor for a landing point within an ellipse
measuring 47 by 27 miles .
Plans call for Stardust to release its 101-pound sample return capsule
on Sunday at 12:57 a.m.
Eastern time , when the spacecraft
is 68,805 miles from Earth .
About 15 minutes later , the
main spacecraft is to fire thrusters that divert it from
Earth into an orbit around the Sun .
Four hours after release , the 3-foot-wide return capsule is to enter
the Earth 's atmosphere at 410,000 feet above the Pacific .
At
28,860 mph , this will be the fastest a human-made object
has ever entered the atmosphere .
At 200,000 feet , the capsule 's
heat shield will reach a peak temperature of 365 degrees
Fahrenheit , followed 10 seconds later by peak deceleration as the
capsule experiences 38 times the force of gravity .
The fireball of the descent should be visible from areas in
Northern California , Southern Oregon , Northern Nevada , Southern Idaho and Western
Utah , depending upon clouds and the brightness of the Moon ,
NASA officials said .
At about 100,000 feet , a small pilot parachute is to deploy ,
and the capsule will begin a vertical descent to 10,000
feet , when the large main parachute will unfurl to lower
the craft to the ground at less than 10 mph .
Specialists aboard helicopters or all-terrain vehicles are to converge on the
capsule to secure it and document its landing area .
From
there , the space cargo is to be transferred to a
temporary , special " clean room " in a hangar at Michael Army
Air Field to avoid contamination and then moved to a
special laboratory at the Johnson Space Center in Houston .
Brownlee said Stardust 's cargo should contain more than a million particles
weighing in total less than a small fraction of an
ounce , with only about 2,000 being as large as the
diameter of a human hair .
But because scientists will be
examining them on a molecular scale , he said , they will
look like "huge , giant rocks . "
There should be enough samples to occupy scientists for decades without
consuming them all , he said .
