It 's not often that a public official compares her governing body
to a bunch of clowns .
But Palm Beach County Commissioner
Mary McCarty may have been painfully honest last week when
she said the board 's ongoing debate about a permanent site
for Scripps Research Institute is looking like a circus act .
McCarty , one of the more contentious members of the highly fractious
seven-member group , said the free-for-all reminded her of the stunt
where performers run around , frantically keeping plates spinning atop poles .
" Right now the county has the plates spinning , and it 's Florida
Research Park , Mecca , Boca and Abacoa .
Little by little , the
plates will start falling and we 'll know what 's left . "
Taxpayers who are coughing up more than $ 500-million in public money
for Scripps ' new home might have hoped the decision would
be shaped by more than mere gravity .
But more than
two years after Gov. Jeb Bush announced the deal to
lure Scripps to Florida , setting off a frenzy of real
estate wrangling and political back-biting , exhaustion may have set in .
Construction at the originally designated site , the 1,900-acre Mecca Farms in
western Palm Beach County , was halted by a federal judge
in November after a lawsuit by environmentalists .
Scripps is currently operating out of a temporary lab on Florida
Atlantic University 's Abacoa campus in Jupiter , where it has about
150 scientists and support staff .
In December , Scripps said that
with the Mecca site out of the running , it preferred
to stay in Jupiter , off Interstate 95 in north Palm
Beach County .
But the majority of county commissioners supported Florida Research Park , 12
miles west of Jupiter , as a better alternative to Mecca .
The commission refused to go along with Scripps ' preference in
Jupiter , saying it was too costly and did n't have enough
available land nearby for much-touted ancillary development .
Scripps , headquartered in La Jolla , Calif. , effectively waved the white flag
last week , telling county commissioners the research institute is willing
to go just about anywhere in the county , as long
as it meets the requirements of its contract with the
state .
In a letter Jan . 4 , Scripps ' chief operating officer Douglas A.
Bingham wrote , " In an effort to break this apparent logjam
on site selection and as a gesture of our goodwill ,
we want you to know that we are willing to
locate Phase I of the Scripps Florida permanent facilities on
the Mecca site , the FAU site , or on any other
site in Palm Beach County . "
Those words sparked a frenzy of activity among both existing and
new site contenders .
Officials at FAU in Abacoa dramatically reduced
their estimates of what it would cost to do the
project , and supporters scrambled to prove they could meet one
criteria demanded by Bush : that Scripps ' permanent campus have at
least 8-million square feet nearby to accommodate additional biotech development .
Owners of the 1,245-acre Florida Research Park , meanwhile , hustled to sweeten
their development proposal for the county , tossing in amenities like
coffee shops and a deli for Scripps ' scientists , as well
as an extended-stay hotel on the property .
" We 'll build it ; we 'll pay for it ; we 'll manage it , " said
park spokeswoman Anita Mitchell , who put no price tag on
the developer-financed extras .
" I think it 's a package that ca n't
be refused . "
Then came a startling suggestion that the state consider a site
straddling Palm Beach and Broward counties .
On Friday , officials in
Boca Raton , Delray Beach and Deerfield Beach flew to Lakeland
to pitch the governor on their tri-city area as a
potential home for Scripps .
They were accompanied by Ned Siegel ,
an influential developer and one of Bush 's top campaign fundraisers .
The new proposal , which has not yet been formally reviewed by
the county , suggests that Scripps and related biotech ventures would
have plenty of space to grow between the former IBM
campus on Boca 's Yamato Road and the Arvida Park of
Commerce along Congress Avenue .
No further details on the cost
or specific parcels in the proposal were available Monday , but
it drew an enthusiastic response from Palm Beach Commissioner Addie
Greene , who has been a pivotal swing vote on past
Scripps ' votes .
" It 's kind of frightening for something all of a sudden to
come up and be just perfect and no one thought
of it before , " Greene said .
As powerful coastal cities lined up for their chance at the
Scripps ' bonanza , one rural community also joined the stampede .
The
city manager of Belle Glade was reportedly preparing a proposal
for consideration of that city as Scripps ' Florida headquarters .
No
further details were available Monday about how Belle Glade proposes
to trade its economy , now based on sugar cane and
bass fishing , for one based on research science and biotech .
The Palm Beach County Commission may consider the growing number of
site options at its regularly scheduled meeting today .
Meanwhile , Scripps ' board of scientific governors , which offers the institute 's executive
board direction and advice , will meet at the Breakers in
Palm Beach this week .
Though the scientists ' meetings will be
closed to the public , one of Scripps ' founding immunologists will
be offering free lectures in Palm Beach County about the
history of the institute in California , where it started 45
years ago .
--Information from Times wires was used in this report .
