What goes around comes around , or so the
saying goes .
And for members of the Friendship Force , the
world is an ever-revolving door .
Take Joe Phelan and his wife , Rose .
The Carmichael , Calif. , couple
have visited dozens of countries , but some of their most
memorable cultural experiences have occurred without leaving home .
Through their involvement with the Friendship Force , an international organization promoting
cultural exchange , the Phelans have opened their home to people
from all over the world , sharing everyday American life with
a Northern California twist .
And they , in turn , have slept
in private homes and learned about daily life in places
as diverse as Thailand , Cuba and Japan .
On both ends , strangers who came nervously together have become lasting
friends , each gaining an appreciation for the other 's culture .
" It 's a great way to travel , " Joe Phelan said of the
inbound and outbound "exchanges " organized by the club 's Sacramento chapter ,
which counts about 75 active members and always is looking
for more .
" You go with a group , and when you arrive you are
assigned to a family .
And so your experience is unique .
Yet at the same time , three or perhaps four days
of the week , you will be doing things with the
group .
So most of the anxieties of travel are taken
care of for you . "
The Friendship Force of Greater Sacramento , founded in 1988 , is one
of about 350 clubs in 55 countries .
The parent organization ,
based in Atlanta , was created in 1977 by then-President Jimmy
Carter , his wife , Rosalynn , and a family friend , Wayne Smith .
In the beginning , the organization sent and received planeloads of goodwill
"ambassadors " for home-hosting on the premise that forging international friendships
can lead to better relations among nations .
These days , hundreds of smaller exchanges , all arranged through the Atlanta
headquarters , take place each year .
Most trips involve members of
regional clubs traveling together , but individuals can opt to travel
with other clubs or join affinity groups bringing together people
with similar hobbies , interests or professions .
The Sacramento club , Phelan said , usually hosts two inbound exchanges a
year and goes outbound once a year for a two-week
trip to another country .
Typically , travelers stay five to seven
days with a host family in one location , then move
to a second destination for another one-week stay .
The Sacramento club over the years has hosted a veritable United
Nations of Friendship Force ambassadors .
Activities arranged for the visitors
usually include bus trips to San Francisco and Lake Tahoe
and a backyard barbecue or two .
Outbound American travelers are responsible for their own airfare plus a
contribution of around $ 350 to offset expenses for group events .
Individual hosts are not compensated ; the idea is for hosts
and ambassadors to treat each other as family .
" You do n't save a lot of money with the Friendship Force ,
but it 's the kind of experience you ca n't buy , " Phelan
said .
In July , an outbound exchange to Australia will reconnect Sacramento members
with some of the Aussies who visited Sacramento last fall .
Judy Robertson of Adelaide was among those gathered for dinner at
the Carmichael home of local members Jan and Norm Bessette .
It was Robertson 's first trip with the Friendship Force --
and her first visit to America .
" It 's not the differentness that astounds you ; it 's the sameness , " she
observed .
" Basically , when it comes down to it , we all
have the same human emotions , the same aspirations ; that 's what
breaks down the barriers . "
Chris Smith , membership chair for the Sacramento club , is intimately familiar
with both sides of the home-hosting ritual .
He and his
wife , Julie , have been active in the group for about
15 years .
" When you first arrive , you 're a little nervous ; you do n't know
who these people are , " he said of the routine , recalling
the time they stayed with a family in a one-bedroom
house in Hungary .
" But by the time a week goes
by , you get really close .
And the times you sit
around the dinner table like this , talking about life in
your respective countries ... these are the times you remember .
You 'd never be able to do this in another country ,
either on a tour or on your own . "
Sometimes , the emotions and realizations stirred up on a Friendship Force
trip run especially deep .
Last spring , for example , the Sacramento
club hosted a group of first-time visitors from Japan .
" It was quite moving with them , " Phelan said .
" They had fears
about coming to this country .
Their club had been hosting
for 13 years but had never taken a trip .
They
ended up standing in the airport holding hands , singing to
us and crying . "
Food and language are part of the adventure on any Friendship
Force trip .
While most people involved with the group have
some degree of English , a few have none at all .
" We 've hosted people who spoke no English , " said Smith .
" It 's amazing
what you can do without words . "
Being active in the Friendship Force does n't necessarily involve inviting strangers
into your home or going abroad , local members emphasize .
" If you want to home-host , you can ; but you do whatever
you can do ... host a dinner , go along on
a bus trip , come to the meetings , " said Rose Phelan .
And it 's not just about making friends with people in other
countries ; lasting bonds also are forged within the local membership .
" This group has no religious or political basis ; it encourages tolerance ,
flexibility and understanding , " Smith said .
What Friendship Force members all
over the world share , he adds , is curiosity and openness .
" You do n't get grumpy people in the Friendship Force , because if
you 're a grumpy person , you do n't join ; you just would n't
be attracted to it . "
