The radio revolution , it seems , will begin with the sound of
extended flatulence .
At least , that was the choice made by shock jock Howard
Stern , who kicked off his first satellite radio show at
6 a.m.
Monday morning with the sound of passing gas
over the strains of the theme for the film 2001 :
A Space Odyssey .
It was the first sign of how Stern 's show might utilize
its new freedom , three weeks after his Dec. 16 departure
from traditional ( or terrestrial ) broadcast radio .
Airing in the new
frontier of satellite radio , the self-proclaimed King of All Media
presented his first full program free from conventional content restrictions
- and free of commercials , at least for the debut
show - though the lanky firebrand set a few conditions
for himself .
" I have a personal rule that I 'm not going to curse
... though I 've already violated that , like 100 times , " joked
Stern , who had used a scatological term to refer to
Martha Stewart 's daughter , Alexis , and played uncensored clips from TV
personality Pat O'Brien 's drunken , obscene phone call to a female
acquaintance over a Led Zeppelin tune .
Even the telephone number
provided for fans to call Stern 's show translates to a
profanity unprintable in a family newspaper .
Absent the bursts of curse words , Stern 's first show on Sirius
Radio was n't much different than his recent programs on terrestrial
radio .
He talked about making the move to satellite ( confiding
that he considered calling his terrestrial radio replacement , former Van
Halen lead singer David Lee Roth , to tell him what
his new show was doing wrong ) ; he grilled new announcer
and Star Trek actor George Takei on his sex life
as a gay man ; and he featured a bit of
phone sex involving a David Letterman impersonator and former Playboy
playmate Heidi Cortez .
All in a day 's work for the man who made the
term "butt bongo " a household phrase .
" It 's Sirius : the final frontier , " intoned Takei , who played pilot Hikaru
Sulu in numerous Trek movies and the classic '60s TV
series , with mock seriousness .
" ( We ) boldly go where other radio
hacks fear to go . "
Fans got an early listen to Stern 's show the previous week ,
as the channel broadcast the shock jock 's two rehearsal shows
as a sort of " soft launch , " and his Sirius channels
have featured early Stern programming for months .
Monday 's Sirius show continued the shock jock 's obsession with himself , featuring
a press conference that included MSNBC 's Keith Olbermann and the
New York Daily News ' Richard Huff .
Sample questions : " Did you
marry longtime girlfriend Beth Ostrosky ? "
( answer : no ) or " Will your
daughters be part of the Sirius channels ? "
( answer : yes ) .
More than 2.2-million people have signed up for Sirius ' satellite radio
service since Stern announced his $ 500-million deal , and he 's taken
credit for every new customer .
Last week , Stern and his
agent collected $ 220-million worth of stock for helping the service
reach certain subscriber targets , though rival XM Radio added more
customers and still has nearly twice as many clients -
a total 5.9-million compared to Sirus ' 3.3-million .
Stern 's much-ballyhooed debut offered little new material beyond the extra curse
words and X-rated jokes ; even his second Sirius channel , Howard
101 , was expected to debut with a tape of his
first show delayed by three hours for the West Coast .
It 's way too soon to know how the show will develop .
But if Stern 's inaugural show proved anything , it 's that a
lack of content restrictions have n't yet translated into big comedy
dividends ( just as two rehearsal shows did n't prevent microphone problems
and feedback during Monday 's program ) .
With millions of fans paying 43 cents a day to access
his show ( $ 12.95 per month ) , Stern has to leave listeners
feeling they 've got their money 's worth .
Once the hype has dimmed - leaving Stern with his two
channels and his audience - we 'll all see if the
King of All Media can , finally , live up to his
name .
--Material from the Associated Press was used in this report .
