A figure in the UnitedNations ' Oil-for-Food scandal who was
arrested last week in Houston is expected to make his
second appearance before a judge today to discuss whether he
can be released on bail .
South Korean-born Tongsun Park made an initial appearance in a Houston
court Monday morning but did n't enter a plea to the
conspiracy charge unsealed against him last week .
Park is accused of secretly working for Saddam Hussein 's regime as
part of a bribery scheme designed to get the United
Nations to ease the economic sanctions imposed after the Iraqi
invasion of Kuwait .
Charges were originally brought against him in April 2005 but a
new charge was filed under seal in a New York
court in December and unsealed Friday .
Park was arrested 11:55 a.m.
Friday by FBI agents as he
got off a Continental Airlines flight from Mexico City .
He was brought to the Federal Detention Center in downtown Houston ,
but sometime over the weekend was moved to the Harris
County Jail for medical reasons .
Park was represented by a court-appointed public defender on Monday but
will have counsel for the Tuesday morning hearing .
His Washington , D.C. , attorney did not return calls .
It 's not clear why Park entered the United States through Houston .
He does not appear to have ties to the Houston area ,
and said in court he was in Canada as recently
as Thursday .
The Times of London previously reported that Park told a South
Korean newspaper last year he was in Tokyo following the
April charges and was considering a plea bargain .
In his appearance Monday before Magistrate Judge Frances Stacy , Park did
not enter a plea , telling the judge he would wait
until he was transferred to New York City before responding
to the charges .
Park is accused of conspiring to commit wire fraud , acting as
an agent of a foreign government without properly notifying the
U.S. government , and money laundering .
According to the indictment , Park helped set up a meeting with
a "high-ranking " U.N. official at that official 's Manhattan apartment and
later orchestrated another meeting between that official and two Iraqi
representatives .
Saddam 's government , meanwhile , paid Park at least $ 2 million , part of
which was to be used to "take care " of that
U.N. official , according to the indictment .
While the criminal complaint does not further identify that official , a
U.N. investigative team led by former Federal Reserve Chairman Paul
Volcker concluded former U.N. Secretary-General Boutros Boutros-Ghali was the target
of the bribery scheme .
But Volcker 's committee found no evidence Boutros-Ghali received any money from
Park .
Park appeared in court Monday wearing the orange shirt and pants
given to Harris County jail inmates .
He asked for a cup of water before the hearing started ,
drinking out of it awkwardly with his handcuffed hands .
During the hearing he said he needed to take two kinds
of medication twice a day due to a recent kidney
transplant , but had received the medication only once since he
was arrested .
Park also asked the court if he could receive warmer clothes
while staying in the jail .
Park gained notoriety back in the 1970s for his involvement in
a congressional bribery scandal known as " Koreagate . "
Park was granted immunity in exchange for testimony against members of
Congress .
