SHARON IS AWAKENED FROM COMA AUTHOR:Greg Myre reported from Jerusalem for
this article , and Dina Kraft reported from Tel Aviv.
JERUSALEM -- Prime Minister Ariel Sharon began breathing on his own
and showed some movement in his limbs Monday morning as
doctors began bringing him out of a medically induced coma
five days after he suffered a massive stroke .
The movements "have become increasingly significant as we reduced the dosage
of anesthesia , " Dr. Shlomo Mor-Yosef , director of Jerusalem 's Hadassah Ein
Kerem Hospital , said at an afternoon news conference .
He said
the development was encouraging , but cautioned that Sharon was still
in critical condition .
" He is still connected to respirators that help him , but the
prime minister is breathing spontaneously , " Mor-Yosef told reporters Monday morning
outside the hospital .
" This is the first sign of some
sort of activity in his brain . "
Felix Umansky , the chief neurosurgeon treating Sharon , said at the afternoon
news conference that it was too early to " speak about
cognitive function .
It will take a number of days .
We
will continue to reduce the level of anesthesia .
"
He said that during a pain test Sharon 's blood pressure increased ,
which is a normal reaction .
" I want to emphasize that
this is a very , very gradual process , " he said .
He
said Sharon had not yet opened his eyes .
Doctors have kept Sharon in a coma following his stroke last
Wednesday .
After consultations Monday morning , the medical team decided to
begin reducing the level of sedatives , with the expectation that
Sharon , 77 , will regain consciousness over the course of the
day .
Sharon 's doctors will be trying to assess the extent to which
his faculties have been impaired , and have refrained from making
specific predictions .
Doctors will be unable to evaluate how much damage has been
done until he is brought out of the coma , but
have said they believe he has a good chance to
survive .
However , the nearly universal assumption among Israelis is that Sharon will
not be able to return to political life .
His illness
has created political uncertainty in Israel , where national elections are
planned for March 28 .
