Defying its European partners and the United States , Iran
plans to reopen its vast uranium enrichment complex to resume
nuclear activities that it suspended 14 months ago , officials involved
in negotiations with Iran said Monday .
Iran told the U.N. International Atomic Energy Agency last week that
it was planning to restart nuclear research and development , without
specifying what type of activities it would resume or where .
But in messages and letters to the agency in recent days ,
Iran said it planned to reopen the enrichment facility , in
Natanz in central Iran , and perhaps an unspecified number of
other sites , said the officials , who declined to be identified
by name because they lack authorization to discuss the matter
for attribution .
The Iranian move came in defiance of unusual separate messages delivered
to the Tehran government over the weekend by Russia and
China as well as the United States , Britain and France .
The messages warned Iran not to embark on further uranium
activities .
Britain , France and the United States tried to have the five
countries submit one joint declaration to Iran , but China , not
wanting such a move to look like an attempt to
gang up on Tehran , insisted that five separate messages be
delivered .
All said much the same thing .
European and American diplomats said enlisting China and Russia amounted to
a further ratcheting up of pressure on Iran , because the
five countries possess nuclear weapons and are permanent members of
the U.N. Security Council .
The United States wants the council
to impose sanctions on Iran if it does not abandon
its suspected nuclear ambitions .
The stated plan by Iran to reopen its uranium enrichment plant
reflects a high-stakes gamble by Iran to test its legal
right to conduct certain nuclear activities under the Nuclear Nonproliferation
Treaty of 1968 , the main treaty governing the spread of
nuclear technology .
The United States and to an increasing extent European governments say
they believe that Natanz is part of a long-suspected nuclear
weapons program that they contend is more advanced than the
Iraqi program was at its height under Saddam Hussein 's rule .
Late last year , the 35-country board of the international nuclear agency
voted to refer Iran 's case for consideration by the Security
Council if it did not meet its international obligations .
But
Russia , China and some other important countries are still resistant
to Security Council action .
Marking the start of Austria 's six-month presidency of the European Union
on Monday , Chancellor Wolfgang Schuessel said sanctions were always a
"possibility , " adding that the 25-country union had always considered them
" a last resort . "
