The Treasury 's schedule of financing this week includes Monday 's weekly auction
of new three - and six-month bills and an auction of
four-week bills on Tuesday .
At the close of the New York cash market on Friday ,
the rate on the outstanding three-month bill was 4.03 percent .
The rate on the six-month issue was 4.37 percent , and
the rate on the four-week issue was 4.03 percent .
The following tax-exempt fixed-income issues are scheduled for pricing this week :
TUESDAY
Klein , Texas , Independent School District , $ 53 million of general obligation bonds .
Competitive .
WEDNESDAY
Frisco , Texas , Independent School District , $ 85 million of general obligation bonds .
Competitive .
Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , $ 350 million of
debt securities .
Competitive .
ONE DAY DURING THE WEEK
Alaska Housing Finance Corp. , $ 100 million of alternative minimum tax bonds .
Merrill Lynch .
Colorado Springs School District No. 11 , $ 127.7 million of debt securities .
RBC Capital Markets .
Delaware , $ 60 million of debt securities .
George K. Baum .
Del Mar College District , Corpus Christi , Texas , $ 53 million of limited
tax bonds .
Banc of America Securities .
DeSoto , Texas , Independent School District , $ 65 million of debt securities .
First
Southwest .
Georgetown , Texas , Independent School District , $ 85.1 million of unlimited tax school
building bonds .
Banc of America Securities .
Hernando County , Fla. , School Board , $ 100 million of certificates of participation .
A.G. Edwards &amp; Sons .
Illinois , $ 325 million of general obligation bonds .
Citigroup Global Markets .
Illinois Housing Development Authority , $ 99.8 million of debt securities .
Banc of
America Securities .
Indiana Health and Education Facility Financing Authority , $ 325 million of hospital
revenue bonds for Clarian Health Obligated Group .
Merrill Lynch .
Jacksonville , Fla. , Electric Authority , $ 119 million of debt securities .
Bear Stearns .
Jacksonville , Fla. , $ 66 million of debt securities .
Citigroup Global Markets .
Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority , District of Columbia , $ 300 million of alternative
minimum tax bonds .
Merrill Lynch .
Missouri Housing Development Commission , $ 50 million of single-family mortgage revenue bonds
for homeownership loan program .
A.G. Edwards &amp; Sons .
New Mexico Mortgage Financial Authority , $ 50 million of single-family mortgage revenue
bonds .
George K. Baum .
New York Power Authority , $ 170.4 million of revenue bonds .
Morgan Stanley .
Placentia-Yorba Linda Unified School District , Placentia , Calif. , $ 90 million of certificates
of participation .
George K. Baum .
Rhode Island Housing Finance Agency , $ 54.8 million of single-family mortgage revenue
bonds .
UBS.
Sacramento Municipal Utility District , $ 297 million of revenue bonds .
Goldman Sachs .
South Carolina Public Service Authority , $ 600 million of revenue obligation bonds
for Santee Cooper .
Goldman Sachs .
Springfield , Ill. , Electric Supply Co. , $ 314 million of revenue bonds .
Citigroup
Global Markets .
St .
Louis Board of Education , $ 55 million of general obligation bonds .
A.G. Edwards &amp; Sons .
Volusia County , Fla. , School District , $ 136 million of certificates of participation .
Citigroup Global Markets .
Wisconsin Health and Educational Facilities Authority , $ 76.5 million of revenue bonds
for Marshfield Clinic .
Ziegler Capital Markets .
