Vice President Dick Cheney went to a hospital for
4.5 hours early Monday morning after complaining of shortness of
breath , but he was back at the White House Monday
afternoon , though a number of unanswered questions remained about his
condition .
The White House said the trip to the hospital was in
response to fluid retention as a complication of a drug
Cheney , 64 , had taken to treat chronic ailments in one
of his feet .
Last week , Cheney was seen using a
cane and the White House said he had a "pre-existing
condition " in his foot , but the problem was not described
with any precision .
President Bush , asked about the vice-president , said : " He 's doing fine , I
talked to him this morning .
His health is good . "
But as is often the case with Cheney , details about what
led to his health problem and the exact treatment he
received were scarce .
Cheney 's office said he had been using an anti-inflammatory drug that
caused a buildup of fluid in his lungs , leading to
the shortness of breath .
He began taking a diuretic drug
to remove the fluid , his office said .
His office said
Monday that Cheney has long suffered periodic pain in his
heel , which has been diagnosed as tendonitis , and in his
big toe , which has led to a murkier diagnosis : gout
or osteoarthritis .
The White House declined to identify the drug that doctors prescribed
to treat the symptoms .
Fluid retention is a known complication
of nonsteroid anti-inflammatory drugs , and Cheney faces additional risks because
of his chronic coronary heart disease .
Heart patients can gain
several pounds of weight in a few days while taking
the drugs , said Dr. Steven B. Abramson , who directs rheumatology
at New York University .
Several heart attacks have reduced the ability of the left ventricle
to pump blood to Cheney 's body .
The left ventricle is
the heart 's main pumping chamber and his doctors have estimated
that his ejection fraction , a main measure of heart function ,
is about 40 percent .
The normal is from 55 percent
to 70 percent .
Cheney has been taking a long list of medications for a
number of conditions , including heart disease and gout .
His doctors
have said he takes a standard regimen for impaired heart
function , though they have not named the drugs .
Doctors not involved in Cheney 's care have described his condition as
mild to moderate left ventricular malfunction and compensated heart failure .
On Monday , Dr. Christopher P. Cannon , a cardiologist , said the drug
therapy leading to fluid retention was an inciting event that
possibly indicated Cheney 's heart was decompensating and "teetering on the
edge of congestive heart failure . "
The fluid retention does not necessarily indicate a worsening of Cheney 's
heart condition .
