This city savors some pleasures not so much
for what they are as for what they were .
Thus the local esteem for the Hubig 's Pie , a glazed turnover
of fried dough and fruit filling , sugary-sweet , palm-size , modest in
its aspirations but , since the 1920s , unaltered .
And , until Hurricane
Katrina , never absent .
But for four months now , New Orleans has done painfully without :
Hubig 's lost half its employees and a third of its
trucks , and returned to huge cracks in its ancient bakery .
On Monday , the pies were back .
All over town , any driver
the Simon Hubig Co. could find walked into whatever grocery
stores were open , bearing cardboard trays of pies , palm up .
In darkness , they went forth from Hubig 's dilapidated converted stables on
Dauphine Street on a quiet block in the Faubourg Marigny
neighborhood , with apple , coconut , pineapple , lemon and sweet potato ( made
from fresh Acadiana yams , freshly boiled ) .
The fat , jolly baker
on the waxy white wrapper had returned .
" Yay ! " said Shannon Alsherees , clapping her hands behind the counter as
the Hubig 's man bustled into the Jetgo market on Magazine
Street .
" They 're going to be so happy to see that , "
Alsherees said .
" Since the day after we came back , they 've
been asking . "
The first customer in the store slapped a lemon Hubig 's on
the counter , and Alsherees called out to the grumbling driver ,
" That 's all y 'all leaving us , that little bitty box ? "
On another route in Metairie , a suburb west of the city ,
the story was identical .
" People have been dying for them , " said Ann Moore , the manager
at Danny and Clyde 's , a convenience store .
" The people have
been saying , ' Where is Hubig 's ? ' A lady said to me ,
' What am I going to do ? ' So now they 're back ,
after four months . "
One customer , a laborer in overalls , sidled up , eyed the delivery
and commented , " Ah , the pies are back . "
All by itself , in its cheeky package with its freckled , smiling
chef , wearing a silly baker 's hat inscribed " Savory Simon " and
jauntily holding a pie aloft on his thumb , the little
pie encapsulates a part of the culture here .
The intense
localism , for one , helps explain it : the pies are distributed
only in this area .
The trucks do not venture farther
because , as the owners like to boast , the pies have
no preservatives .
( In the past , though , they were available on
the Internet . )
And then , the pie , like the po ' boy ( a French bread
sandwich stuffed with whatever you like ) , is a great marriage
of form and function .
A workingman 's everyday pleasure , it can
be picked up for 89 cents at the corner hardware
store , along with nails and quarter-round moldings .
This is not haute New Orleans .
But in the rougher world
after Hurricane Katrina , that is only to the pies ' advantage .
" Certain people would n't have wanted our pies , say , in their
hospitals , " said Andrew Ramsey , a third-generation bakery operator who also
works as a New Orleans police officer .
" Post-Katrina , they 're happy
to get what they can . "
The Orleans Parish jail is traditionally one of Ramsey 's biggest customers ,
ordering thousands per week -- apple and lemon being the
inmates ' favorites .
In their history alone , the pies capture some essence of this
city .
They originated not here but in Fort Worth , Texas ,
an immigrant 's inspiration after World War I. Their creator , Simon
Hubig , expanded his company in the 1920s to nine cities ,
mostly in the Southeast .
All the bakeries eventually failed except the one here , where locals
have fiercely supported it for decades .
The pies have issued
from the same spot since the early 1920s , pressed into
the same shape , using the same cast-aluminum wheel .
" I think it has to do with the diet of the
New Orleanians , " Ramsey said .
" You give them a little fried ,
glazed dough , and people around here are going to eat
it . "
Besides , at under a dollar , a pie is " a
very reasonably priced commodity . "
For generations of schoolchildren , a Hubig 's was the midday meal .
Robert
Oulliber , a Hubig 's vendor , said , " A lot of people who
grew up here , they would skip the cafeteria , go across
the street and buy a pie and a chocolate milk ,
and that was lunch . "
Ramsey 's bakery did not flood during Hurricane Katrina , but the storm
was tough on it in other ways .
Damage to fleet
and building aside , many of his employees were from the
Ninth Ward and no longer have houses .
Many customers are
gone .
In the final days of August , with the water in New
Orleans rising , Ramsey loaded a truck with pies to hand
out the bakery 's last production : 10,000 pies baked as the
winds were gusting ahead of the storm .
He pushed the truck a little too far into the water
on that humanitarian , pie-distributing ride , and ruined it .
Another truck
was vandalized .
Now Ramsey seemed delighted to be starting up again , despite the
setbacks .
" We lost people and we lost suppliers , but we 've
rounded the corner , " he said .
" We 've got a handful of
dedicated people . "
As for the missing customers , he said : " The people have migrated .
We 're just going to have to find them . "
