A NIGHT TO SEE THE STARS ACTUALLY WEARING CLOTHES ( For Video
( But Not X-Rated ) ) Interviews with innovators and entrepreneurs who are
bringing technological advances to the billion-dollar pornography industry are online
at nytimes.com/national .
LAS VEGAS -- The actress known as Tyla
Wynn took to the stage late Saturday night to accept
an X-rated-film award , the pornography version of an Oscar .
The
category was excellence in a multiperson sex scene .
Although thousands of people have watched Wynn perform intimate acts , she
admitted to extreme nervousness when accepting her trophy , an opaque
rectangle with the image of a man and woman intertwined .
" Speaking in front of people is hard , " Wynn said , cradling her
award , called the AVN.
The 23rd AVN awards presentation here was a campy mix of
Hollywood cliche and X-ratedclips watched with 3,000 of your closest
friends and industry insiders .
The acceptance speeches tended to be
brief , befitting a film industry with little emphasis on dialogue .
The program highlighted that pornography is , at least in a sense ,
at a crossroads .
The sex-film industry shows signs of gaining
some mainstream acceptance -- spurred in part by its leading
diva and business success , Jenna Jameson -- and it is
reporting record sales .
According to AVN Publications , which organizes the
awards , it generated $ 4.3 billion in sales and rentals last
year .
That amounted to about half the size of Hollywood 's
box-office receipts of nearly $ 9 billion last year .
At the same time , prospects for the industry have been tempered
by fears that the Justice Department is poised to add
to a handful of obscenity prosecutions recently brought against makers
of hardcore films .
Saturday night , though , was an unapologetic , hearty celebration , with a flashbulb-drenched
red carpet entrance and awards presented in 104 categories , including
best performances in a wide range of explicit acts and
sexual positions .
The more conventional were for best director , supporting
actor and actress , screenplay and the most anticipated award of
the evening : best feature .
That went to " Pirates , " a relatively high-budget story of a group
of ragtag sailors who go searching for a crew of
evil pirates who have a plan for world domination .
Also ,
many of the characters in the movie have sex with
one another .
Evan Stone , the stage name of the man who won the
award for best actor as the good ship 's captain , said
a crucial component of the movie 's success was its authenticity .
A consultant instructed the cast on proper ship etiquette , he
said , like never letting the captain steer the vessel , a
job that belongs to the first mate .
" Take the sex out of this movie , and it 's Walt Disney , "
said Stone , who declined to give his real name , citing
privacy concerns .
The precise criteria for winning an AVN are not , well , explicit .
About 60 reviewers judge some 6,000 films submitted throughout the
year .
Paul Fishbein , the president of AVN Publications , said you
know a good acting and sex scene when you see
one .
Still , certain things rule out a nomination .
One is "if you
can still hear the director 's voice , " Fishbein said .
Another no-no
is "if it 's clear the cameraman is not paying attention . "
The industry seems to have a sense of humor about itself ,
but there is an awareness that many Americans disapprove of
their trade .
Savanna Samson , who won an award for best
actress , said in her acceptance speech that "most of my
family is pretty ashamed of what I do . "
Universally , the participants defend their right to make the films , but
even within the sex-entertainment industry , opinions differ about what is
tasteful .
" The bikini models hate the topless dancers , the topless dancers hate
the nude dancers , the nude dancers hate the adult-film actors , "
said Stormy Daniels , 26 , who won an award for best
supporting actress .
Daniels , who said she wished people would stop
judging one another , does have her own pet peeve : tired
plots .
" There 's nothing worse then when the pizza boy rings the doorbell ,
the girl says she does n't have a tip , and then
they get it on , " she said .
Daniels also won an
award for best screenplay for a parody , " Camp Cuddly Pines
Power Tool Massacre , " which presumably had a storyline more in
keeping with her tastes .
When the night began , starlets paraded past more than a hundred
photographers .
The divas said they had agonized over what to
wear .
Tanya Mercado , 31 , whose stage name is Gina Lynn ,
wore a strapless black gown from Nordstrom , bought after she
had rejected two others as not fitting quite snugly enough .
Not everyone makes a big deal about the awards .
Even Wynn ,
a winner , said in an interview the day before the
ceremony that she had trouble remembering one of her sex
scenes that was nominated .
" What 's the movie called ? "
she asked , trying to distill just one
title from the 150 movies that she said she performed
in last year .
A few moments later , it came to
her -- " Too Hot to Handle " -- whose plot she
described as two women who wear the same outfits and
then have sex .
Unlike " Pirates , " which has a high production value and is meant
to appeal to both women and men , Wynn 's film is
in many ways more characteristic .
More than 90 percent of
the movies are called "gonzo , " meaning they have little or
no plot .
Steven Hirsch , chief executive of Vivid Entertainment , which made the award-winning
" Devil in Miss Jones , " said the awards could help market
films to distributors and really bolstered sales .
Like Wicked Pictures ,
which made " Pirates , " Vivid spends $ 200,000 on some films in
an industry whose typical movie budget is closer to $ 20,000 .
Not all fans pay attention to awards , though .
Ian Thomas , 34 ,
who sells real estate in Las Vegas , said before the
ceremony that he picked pornographic films based on his favorite
female performers .
" If I want acting , I 'll go to a mafia movie , " Thomas
said .
