President Bush snubs the rest of the world
so completely with his standoffish foreign policy that the international
credibility of the United States has been eroded -- for
no good reason -- U.S. Rep. Adam Smith , D-Tacoma , charged
Saturday .
From the time of George Washington , America set itself apart from
other countries by treating war prisoners fairly and by urging
human and civil rights , Smith said .
But those days have
disappeared under the Bush administration , he told a crowd of
about 300 people gathered for a town hall meeting in
Tacoma .
" The message is sent to the rest of the world we 're
not that shining city on a hill any longer , " he
said .
" We 're just a bunch of thugs trying to get
our own individual advantage . "
In a wide-ranging 90-minute session , during which he answered questions from
the friendly , predominantly anti-Bush , anti-war audience , Smith also said :
-- He originally backed the U.S. invasion of Iraq , but he
now believes " the president has shown he 's not worthy " of
the faith and trust Congress and the American people put
in him .
-- He favors a gradual , rather than abrupt , withdrawal from Iraq .
" We need to be very respectful for what our troops
are doing , regardless of what we think about the war , "
he said .
-- He believes the " White House attitude and approach toward civil
liberties , " as evidenced by recent stories of monitoring the telephone
calls of some U.S. citizens without warrants , "is deeply concerning . "
Smith , a member of the House Armed Services and International Relations
committees , recently returned from his second trip to Iraq .
When he was there in 2004 , it was clear to troops
on the ground that the administration had a plan for
knocking out the regime but no blueprint for was to
happen next , Smith said .
During a trip at the end of 2005 , he learned that
U.S. troops remain committed to their jobs , but they 're tired
and want to come home , he added .
" It should be the stated policy of the United States that
we will have no permanent bases in Iraq , " he said .
It 's time to turn the country over to its own people ,
Smith added .
But a complete withdrawal now would be a
mistake , he said , because the country needs more stability .
" The
only real measure of progress over there is when we
start getting out , " he said .
The five-term congressman wants Congress to investigate what he believes is
the administration 's lack of regard for truth about prewar intelligence
and support for "unauthorized wiretapping . "
