Cox News Service AUSTIN , Texas -- The state 's highest criminal court
refused Monday to intervene in the prosecution of U.S. Rep.
Tom DeLay on money-laundering charges .
without comment two days after , R-the Sugar Land Republican announced
that he was abandoning his efforts to reclaim the job
of House majority leader .
DeLay had been pressing for a
dismissal of the charges or an immediate trial , hoping to
regain the job he had to give up when he
was indicted last fall .
DeLay 's lead lawyer , Dick DeGuerin , said his client 's announcement might have
prompted the court 's action .
" I 'm sure the events of the weekend have something to do
with it , " DeGuerin said .
" There 's not the time crunch there
was . "
Now that DeLay is no longer trying to reclaim the leadership
post before Congress convenes Jan .
31 , his trial is likely
to be postponed for weeks , if not months .
However , DeGuerin said DeLayhis client , facing re-election opponents in the March
primary and , if he wins that , the November general election ,
would prefer to be tried before the primary .
" We 'd like to have it resolved by then , " he said .
DeLay and his co-defendants , John Colyandro of Austin and Jim Ellis
of Washington , are accused of laundering $ 190,000 of corporate money
into the same amount of political donations to Texas legislative
candidates from the Republican National Committee for the 2002 elections .
State law generally prohibits spending corporate money in connection with
campaigns , but the defendants argue that the exchange was not
money-laundering because it was two separate transactions .
The defendants still have appeals pending at the Texas 3rd Court
of Appeals .
Barring outright dismissal of the charges by that court , however , a
trial could be postponed until later this year because of
the lawyers ' schedules and several outstanding pretrial fights , including whether
the defendants would be tried in Travis County or some
other Texas community .
Asked when he thought DeLay might actually be tried , DeGuerin said ,
" I 've stopped guessing . "
A DeLay spokesman blamed Travis County District Attorney Ronnie Earle for
fighting DeLay 's attempt to receive a quick trial .
" Ronnie Earle has gamed the justice system in Texas in a
way that has kept Mr. DeLay 's eventual exoneration in a
holding pattern , " Kevin Madden said .
" He will eventually be cleared ,
but it 's a terrible thing that Ronnie Earle has sought
to deny that full exoneration for as long as possible . "
Earle declined to comment .
In the appellate briefs , Earle said DeLay was asking for special
treatment by demanding that his trial be in January .
The state is appealing the dismissal of a related indictment against
DeLay accusing him of conspiracy to violate the state 's election
laws .
Earle said the state has a right to have
its appeal heard before prosecutors decide upon which charge to
try DeLaythe Sugar Land Republican .
Madden praised his boss 's decision to give up any claim to
the House leadership job during a time of uncertainty : " Mr.
DeLay did the noble thing by calling for new leadership
elections at this time since the legal schedule in Austin
could have been a distraction for the Republican conference . "
Laylan Copelin writes for the Austin American-Statesman .
E-mail : lcopelin AT statesman.com
