The leadership of the union representing employees of Newsday , the Long
Island newspaper owned by the Tribune Co. , has tentatively agreed
to a new contract that would eliminate the 3 percent
raise for this year that it had negotiated as part
of its current contract .
Employees represented by the union 's six bargaining units were voting on
the tentative contract on Sunday .
It could have implications for
other Tribune-owned newspapers as their union contracts come up for
renegotiation .
In lieu of the 3 percent raise , employees would receive lump-sum
cash payments -- $ 10,400 for editorial workers and $ 25,000 for
members of the craft unions , including truck drivers .
The difference
in the payments reflects the difference in the dollar value
of the concessions by each unit .
Pressmen and drivers could
face more job cuts and deeper concessions than the editorial
staff .
The negotiations come during a crunch period in the newspaper industry ,
with the elimination of an estimated 2,200 jobs at papers
across the country last year .
Advertising revenue has been sagging
and circulation is static , although the newspaper industry had average
profit margins last year of more than 19 percent , double
that of the Fortune 500 .
Newsday has experienced added difficulties because it inflated its circulation , generating
a scandal that cost its parent company millions of dollars .
Newsday has trimmed its editorial staff by 150 people in
the last year and a half .
After no change in pay for 2006 , the tentative contract provides
for 2 percent pay raises in the next three years ,
plus a 0.5 percent bonus in 2007 and 2008 .
It
also would shrink buyout packages and limit increases in employee
contributions to health benefits to 3 percentage points .
" We thought this was the best thing we could produce , given
the climate at Newsday and nationally , and given the time
constraints and the pressure the negotiations were subject to , " said
Zachary R. Dowdy , a Newsday reporter who is vice president
of the editorial unit of Local 406 of the Graphic
Communications Conference of the Teamsters union .
" It 's a compromise .
It 's
a concessionary contract .
There are a lot of things we 're
giving up . "
In terms of gains for the union , Dowdy cited long-term disability
payments and the length of the contract , which is four
years and three months instead of the standard three years .
A Newsday report on the tentative contract said that it would
allow the company to cut up to 60 jobs , primarily
of drivers and pressmen , but that this was fewer than
the 165 jobs that the company had threatened to cut .
" I 'm not happy with it at all , " Dennis Grabhorn , president of
Local 406 , was quoted as telling Newsday .
He told the
paper that the alternative was "war " with the paper in
which " we would actually have to destroy the paper we
work for . "
A Newsday spokesman could not be reached for comment , but the
newspaper quoted the company 's chief negotiator , Howard Weinstein , as saying
in a statement : " We appreciate the hard work of the
Newsday and Local 406 bargaining teams in reaching these tentative
agreements . "
