Recent reports out of Tallahassee paint a rosy picture of the
job market in the Tampa Bay area .
Like the rest
of the state , the area has near-record low unemployment coupled
with near-record growth .
" This is probably a good year to be looking for a
job , " said Bill Dobson , an economic analyst with the Florida
Agency for Workforce Innovation .
But what kind of jobs are they ?
When wages and benefits
are factored in , the overall quality of those jobs ranks
among the poorest in the nation .
And therein lies the dilemma .
The state is trying to address job quality , but to some ,
help ca n't come fast enough .
Suzanne Block , 22 , graduated last month from the University of South
Florida with a bachelor 's degree in bio-medical science and a
minor in psychology .
She started looking for a job last
fall .
Of the 10 resumes she sent out , she got
one response .
" They seemed positive , " she said of the company that contacted her .
" Then they asked what experience I had .
I told them
that so far , my experience is academic .
I have n't heard
back from them . "
With student loans to pay off , Block returns to the classifieds
and the Internet each day , searching for a job with
an environmental lab or a pharmaceutical company .
" But a lot of them do n't want entry-level positions , " she said .
" So it 's a classic Catch-22 .
How can you get experience
if you ca n't get a job ? "
She graduated with a 3.75 GPA , and although she has a
fairly specific field of study , " It 's not like I went
to mortuary school , " she said , "where there 's only one place
where I can work . "
If her situation does n't improve soon , Block said , she may have
to go back to working as a server or a
cashier .
" I 'm just hoping someone will take a chance on
me , " she said .
The odds of getting a well-paying job depend on what 's hot ,
and that has n't changed much in the past several years .
For people in the Tampa Bay area looking for work in
the education , health care , computer or construction fields , 2006 should
be a very good year according to state projections .
It 's not a good time to look for work as a
telephone operator , word processor or typist , travel agent or in
the commercial fishing industry .
Despite efforts to bring new industry into the area , much of
the growth in new jobs is tied to the same
two traditional elements .
" Although we try to diversify , " Dobson said , " a lot of our
job growth is still driven by population growth and tourism . "
That growing population is also rapidly aging .
Roughly a quarter of
Tampa Bay 's population are baby boomers , people born between 1946
and 1964 , and as they start to retire , they 'll need
to be replaced .
" However , " Dobson said , "because the next generation of workers to follow
the baby boomers is the X generation ( born 1965-1980 ) and
is a much smaller number of people , there could possibly
be a shortage of workers in some career fields . "
One of the hottest jobs in the area right now is
engineering , especially civil engineering .
Among recent college graduates , those majoring in education , accounting , nursing and
physical therapy are also in high demand , said Dr. Drema
Howard , director of USF 's Career Center .
" We 're also starting to
see a demand for technology majors , and that 's a shift
from the last three years . "
Howard said she saw a drop in the overall job market
over the past several years , but that trend is starting
to reverse .
" For students graduating in 2005 or 2006 , it 's a much stronger
market than in the last three or four years , " she
said .
" The last study we saw indicated employers expected to
hire 14 percent more college grads than last year . "
There are always jobs out there , she added .
" But it 's a
job in and of itself to get a job . "
