The case of Janice Clark Smith , who
will get out of prison in a few days after
serving more than a year for killing her father after
decades of abuse , should be a clarion call about the
dangers of allowing domestic abuse to go unreported , said South
Carolina 's top advocate for abused women .
" This was clearly an act of desperation , " said Vickie Bourus , director
of the S.C. Coalition Against Domestic Violence and Sexual Assault .
" It shows all of us in the system -- law
enforcement , prosecutors , judges , advocates , social services -- are not doing
enough to let people know there is help out there . "
Smith , a resident of Catawba , S.C. , who was paroled Wednesday after
17 months in prison after pleading guilty to voluntary manslaughter ,
went to her father 's house in December 2003 , several days
after he beat her for the last time , and shot
him to death .
Smith admitted she had plotted to kill
him to end the abuse against herself and other members
of her family .
When she pleaded guilty in August 2004 , a parade of nearly
40 people testified that they either were molested by Smith 's
father or knew someone who had been .
Although her father was convicted of abuse once in the 1980s ,
Smith and others did n't tell authorities about the abuse before
the killing .
Smith , her mother and sisters all have said
their way of dealing with the abuse was to try
to hide it .
Bourus said that strategy is a recipe for disaster .
Getting the
word out that reporting abuse is the way to avoid
more beatings is crucial , Bourus said .
Police and prosecutors agree that Smith 's abuse was horrible , but shooting
her unarmed father in a situation where she was n't in
danger is no way to handle abuse .
Phil Smith , no
relation to Janice Smith , was the prosecutor who decided to
reduce the charge against Janice Smith from murder to voluntary
manslaughter .
The deal was cut because of the overwhelming abuse .
But the idea advocated by some that her father "had it
coming to him " ca n't be tolerated in society , Phil Smith
said .
" It was not necessary that he be killed , " Phil Smith said .
" As uncomfortable as it may be , we will prosecute an
unnecessary killing .
Had she acted as she should have , she
would never have spent a day in jail .
I would
much rather have prosecuted her father for domestic violence . "
Phil Smith and the investigator who handled the case , Lt . Tim
Hager of the Sheriff 's Office in York County , S.C. , both
said that Janice Smith 's plea and eventual punishment fit the
crime .
" You ca n't seek your own vengeance , " Hager said .
" What was done
here as an end result was the right thing .
But ,
she had options . "
Janice Smith has repeatedly said since the killing that what she
did was wrong even with the abuse .
Yet even her
husband , Jerry , did n't know of all the abuse .
Jerry Smith
said his wife faced her crime , did her prison time ,
and now is ready to move on with life .
" She 's ready to come home , " Jerry Smith said .
