Video gaming is not the only technology incorporated into the Urge .
In addition to the Xbox 360 , there is an iPod
docking station and a cell phone that doubles as a
" smart key " to start the engine .
In at least one respect , the Urge might be the perfect
car : it burns no gasoline while parked for game playing ;
it generates no emissions ; it lines up in no traffic
jams .
It can virtually roll through the streets of Las
Vegas or spin around the Nuerburgring .
Its version of Gotham Racing can even run uptown on the
parts of Broadway that are one-way heading downtown , a special
thrill for Manhattan drivers .
With a wireless connection , in theory , two Urges could be parked
side-by-side for competition like the old racing games at the
arcade in Atlantic City .
Thanks to the Internet , the same
thing could be done even if the Urges were half
a world apart .
The game encourages stylish driving .
Good driving through the curves earns
the driver style points , called Kudos , that can be redeemed
for a better vehicle .
According to the Microsoft programmers , power
sliding , pulling off a 360-degree spin , getting air time , drafting
and getting up on two wheels " will earn gamers Kudos
points for their style and skill . "
Too bad the real
automotive world does n't work this way .
Each car in the game is made up of 80,000 polygons
and takes eight days of programming by its creators , who
are holed up in the London studio of Bizarre Creations .
Real-world details include gauges that move and realistic bug-smash streaks
on the windshield .
Oddly , the Urge itself is not among the cars you can
drive on the screen .
That will probably be remedied soon .
Project Gotham players and programmers regularly produce new cars that
can be downloaded .
The Urge 's notion of car-as-video game is not unprecedented .
A similar
concept , the Scion Speedster -- a red Scion xA show
car built by 5 Axis Productions in Huntington Beach , Calif .
-- was displayed at the Specialty Equipment Market Association trade
show in Las Vegas last fall .
The Speedster also has
an open panel in the doors -- and two Xboxes
running the Forza racing game onboard .
The two cars simply evolved at the same time , Cupit said .
He prefers his version of the idea .
" We tried to
take seriously designing the door glass to protect the occupants
from wind and rain , and also vehicle ingress-egress , " he said .
" Our door moves up and down to ease entry into
the car , for example . "
" We often visit tuner and customizing shows to see what young
people are thinking about , " Cupit said .
" The Urge helps reinvent
the sports car for the next generation of young people . "
Observing young people at auto shows , it is impossible not to
note that they pay more attention to how their cars
look and sound than how fast they go .
The investment
tends to go into electronics and colorful bolt-on parts , rather
than into making the engine run faster and more furious .
