Ninety-nine percent of the personal finance and investing books that come
into this office go straight into the oblivion of the
unread .
Dull rehashes of old information are not what most
of us care to spend our reading moments on .
But in one of those rare , near-magical alignments of the literary
planets , we have in recent weeks received not one , but
two books in the genre that are informative , readable , entertaining
-- and reasonably short , too -- from two of the
era 's top writers on the subject .
One is Jane Bryant Quinn .
The other is Dave Barry .
Of the two , Quinn is certainly the more obvious candidate to
produce a personal finance book worth your time .
You will
remember her as a nationally syndicated columnist , carried in the
Seattle P-I , with a national reputation for writing clearly , even
bluntly , with the readers ' interests in mind .
Barry , on the other hand , may be to humor writing what
Quinn is to personal finance writing , but his name does
not immediately spring to mind when expertise on fiscal matters
is required .
It is unlikely that Quinn ever has , or
ever will , write a book with the title " Boogers Are
My Beat . "
And yet , there they are , " Dave Barry 's Money $ ecrets " and Quinn 's
" Smart and Simple Financial Strategies for Busy People . "
And a
reading of the two books shows they share more than
a concurrent interest in the same subject , or an engaging
writing style , or itineraries that place both authors in Seattle
this month ( Quinn speaks to CityClub in Seattle Jan . 27 ,
while Barry speaks at Town Hall Jan . 29 ) .
Quinn , who also wrote a doorstop-sized book on personal finance and
investing , says she wrote this much shorter tome to lay
out a plan for people who do n't have the time ,
or the inclination to spend all their time , trying to
figure out how to save and invest .
" Investing should be
about as thrilling as watching paint dry , " she writes .
" It 's
the background to your life , not life itself . "
And investing need n't be complex or time-consuming to be successful , she
adds .
" Only a few things work , and they work really
well .
If you set up a system that runs automatically ,
you ca n't fail .
Success comes from starting right , then keeping
your itchy fingers off . "
Barry , as usual , is more direct on why people might need
to read another book on investing : " Chances are that when
it comes to your personal finances , you are , with all
due respect , a complete moron .
I do not mean that
in a derogatory way .
I mean it simply in the
sense that , when it comes to handling money , you are
a stupid idiot . "
Their advice is often remarkably the same and not all that
different in tone .
Consider , for example , Quinn on how to afford a college education
for the young 'uns : " When judging college by cost , keep telling
yourself this : More is n't better .
Brand-name colleges raise prices to
the sky because brand-besotted parents equate cost with quality .
But
many lower-cost schools will provide an equally good -- and
sometimes better -- program for your child . "
That 's not much different from the advice Barry offers : " We know
that sending your child to a good school will cost
a lot of money .
What does this mean ?
It means
that , as a responsible parent , you need to start planning
now .
I do n't mean planning how to pay for a
good college .
I mean planning how to get your child
to go to a mediocre or actively bad college . "
He notes that famed Princeton faculty member Albert Einstein came up
with the General Theory of Relativity to explain the high
cost of Ivy League schools : " People in general will pay
any amount of money to be able to tell their
relatives that their child goes to Princeton . "
Quinn and Barry are equally dismissive of stockbrokers .
Says Quinn : " You do n't need 99.9 percent of what Wall Street
is selling .
It 's expensive , unsuitable or stupid .
Most investments are
designed to profit the brokers , banks and insurance companies , not
you . "
Echoes Barry : " The unique strategy that the stockbroker is going to
tailor for you will involve selling you stocks , because , duh ,
he 's a stockbroker .
His job is to sell stocks .
If
he were in the cattle business , trust me , the unique
financial strategy he 'd tailor for you would involve heifers . "
Quinn offers a lot of helpful specifics on how to choose
inexpensive and reliable investments ( she 's a big fan of index
mutual funds , for example ) .
Barry , meanwhile , offers an examination of
pressing economic questions such as "why is there a giant
eyeball on the dollar ? "
( it has something to do with
an engraver on an epic bender ) and takes a look
at the idiocies and lunacies of corporate America .
That includes
a long digression into the newspaper industry 's hapless attempts to
attract young readers , an account that is unfunny only because
it is so deadly accurate .
Consumers confronted with so much information about how to save and
invest do n't have time to winnow the pile down to
one or two helpful guides , so they may react by
shutting it all off .
But no information is just as
bad an option as too much , since doing too much
or too little both cheat the consumer out of opportunities
to build long-term wealth .
Which , as Barry notes , would be a shame : " My point is
that , given a choice between having money and not having
money , you should definitely go with having it .
And that ,
in the end , is why I wrote this book : to
get your money . "
P-I reporter Bill Virgin can be reached at 206-448-8319 or billvirgin@seattlepi.com .
