Now we know .
Just after 7:30 last night , Bill Belichick , Tom
Brady , and Patriot Nation got the Triptik for next weekend .
It 'll be Saturday night against the Broncos at the new
Mile High Stadium (technically it 's Invesco Field at Mile High )
in Denver .
And if the Patriots win , and the Steelers
beat the Colts next Sunday , the AFC Championship game will
be played in Foxborough Jan . 22 .
That , of course , is getting ahead of things .
There is much
work to be done before the Patriots advance to the
AFC title game .
But as I watched Pittsburgh play Cincinnati
yesterday , I wondered what they were thinking in Indianapolis and
Denver .
They did not have the luxury that Belichick had
on New Year 's Day .
They could not dictate the identity
of their opponent for the next playoff game .
And they
had to be thinking ... No, not them again !
The Broncos and Colts are the home-team favorites in the AFC
next weekend ( though only one of four home teams won
this weekend , and that was the Kraft AC ) , but that
does n't change the fact that the Patriots are the team
nobody wants to play today , tomorrow , or Feb. 5 in
Detroit .
These Patriots have 36 players with championship rings ( 30
with two or more rings ) and they are hitting their
stride at the optimum time .
Colleague Bob Ryan said it best : These are the good old
days .
He 's right , of course .
And as the weeks unfold , the legend
of our local professional football team grows exponentially .
If you
are a young sports fan in our region , know this :
It does not get any better than what we are
seeing in this latter half of the 2005-06 Patriots season .
They have recovered from their first-half foibles and are now
a force to be reckoned with , just as they were
in three of the last four Januarys .
A lot of us were hoping for an immediate matchup with
the Colts in the RCA Dome next weekend , but the
Steelers took that off the table , so now the Patriots
have to win in Denver if they are to advance .
The Broncos defeated Belichick and Friends , 28-20 , in mid-October , but
that New England team bears little resemblance to the unit
that will take the field Saturday night .
Chew over the October loss if you want .
I prefer to
remember the Monday night game the Patriots won in Denver
Nov.
3 , 2003 , just a few days after Grady Little
spit the bit in Yankee Stadium .
That was the night
Belichick ordered his center to intentionally hike the ball off
the goalpost to force a safety that resulted in good
field position and an eventual 30-26 Patriots victory .
That was
in the middle of the season when the Patriots went
14-2 and won their second Super Bowl in three years ,
squashing theories that they were one-year wonders .
And now here they are , peaking at the time when it
matters most , ready to win a championship that would better
all the others .
The Patriots in 2005-06 are like the
1969 Bill Russell Celtics , who finished in fourth place but
won the NBA championship , beating the Chamberlain-West-Baylor Lakers on the
road in Game 7. In case you missed it , Belichick
is 10-0 as Patriots coach in the playoffs , and 11-1
overall , better than any coach in NFL history .
Brady is
10-0 in the postseason and the Patriots have won an
NFL-record 10 straight playoff games .
Think Mike Shanahan wanted any
part of them ?
Given that the Patriots and Broncos are charter members of the
old American Football League , it 's surprising to discover that they 've
only met once in postseason play .
In January of 1987 ,
less than a year after the horrendous loss to the
Chicago Bears in the Super Bowl , the Patriots went to
the old Mile High and suffered a 22-17 defeat at
the hands of John Elway and Co.
That 's it .
They 've
played one another 39 times in the regular season and
Denver leads , 24-15 .
From 1984 through 1998 , the Broncos beat
the Patriots 11 consecutive times .
But now it is the Patriots who have all the streaks ,
and you can bet your Terrible Towel they will be
the Flavor of the Week with the assorted barking dogs
and national media panelists .
No disrespect for Handsome Tom this
week .
None at all .
Meanwhile nothing dims Belichick 's genius .
Obviously he knew what he was
doing when he tanked the Miami game and set up
a first-round match with the softies from Jacksonville .
Now he
faces a new challenge : Beat the Broncos on the road
in the playoffs .
" We have done preliminary work on both teams , " Belichick said late
Saturday night when it was still unclear whether the Patriots
would play the Broncos or the Colts .
Now we know .
It 's Denver .
On the road .
And , rest assured ,
your New England Patriots this week will be leading the
league in respect .
Dan Shaughnessy is a Globe columnist .
His e-mail address is dshaughnessyglobe .com .
