A previously unrecognized galaxy appears to be merging with
the Milky Way , bringing hundreds of thousands of stars into
our home galaxy that no one has noticed until now ,
astronomers announced Monday .
A survey of the northern sky has detected a huge , but
diffuse structure within the confines of the Milky Way that
does not seem to fit in with other parts of
the galaxy that contains our solar system .
Robert H. Lupton of Princeton University told a meeting of the
American Astronomical Society that the large but faint collection of
stars rises almost perpendicular to the flat , spiral disk of
the Milky Way .
The most likely interpretation of the structure ,
the astronomer said , is that it is a dwarf galaxy
that has been merging with our galaxy .
The dwarf galaxy lies in the direction of the constellation Virgo
at an estimated distance of 30,000 light years from Earth ,
researchers reported .
While some of the stars of the companion
galaxy may have been observed with telescopes for centuries , they
said , no one realized they belonged to another body because
they are so close and commingled with Milky Way stars .
The Milky Way is a flat , pinwheel galaxy measuring more than
100,000 light years across and containing an estimated 200 billion
stars , including the sun , along its long , spiral arms and
around the bulge at its center .
A light year is
the distance light travels in a vacuum in a year 's
time , about 6 trillion miles .
Astronomers found the merging galaxy through the Sloan Digital Sky Survey ,
a project that for more than five years has been
mapping the distance and characteristics of millions of objects in
space .
The project is operated by a consortium of universities
and other institutions and uses a telescope at Apache Point
Observatory in New Mexico .
The latest study , which has been submitted to The Astrophysical Journal
for publication , shows that the Milky Way still is changing
and evolving , said Mario Juric , a Princeton graduate student who
is the principal author of the report .
" It looks as
though the Milky Way is still growing , by cannibalizing smaller
galaxies that fall into it , " Juric said in a statement .
(STORY CAN END HERE.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS. )
Reporting at the same meeting , another group of researchers said they
had an explanation for a mysterious warp in the disk
of the Milky Way that has baffled scientists for decades .
Leo Blitz , professor of astronomy at the University of California , and
his colleagues Evan Levine and Carl Heiles charted the warp
and found evidence that it is a ripple or vibration
set up by two small galaxies that circle the Milky
Way .
These satellite galaxies , called the Magellanic Clouds , cause vibrations
at certain frequencies as they pass though the edges of
the Milky Way , the researchers said .
It was previously believed , Blitz said , that the Magellanic Clouds , with
their combined mass being only 2 percent that of the
Milky Way , were too small to influence their neighboring galaxy .
However , he said , when the Milky Way 's dark matter is
taken into account , the motion of the small galaxies can
create a wake that influences the larger one .
Dark matter , invisible material that accounts for most of the universe 's
mass , is 20 times more massive in the Milky Way
than all visible material , including stars .
According to a computer
model created with Martin Weinberg , an astronomy theorist at the
University of Massachusetts , Amherst , dark matter spreading from the Milky
Way disk with the gas layer can enhance the gravitational
influence of the Magellanic Clouds as they pass through it .
