SANTO DOMINGO , Dominican Republic - All-Star shortstop Miguel Tejada confirmed last
night that he had rescinded his trade request to the
Baltimore Orioles in a phone call to executive vice president
Jim Duquette , though his frustration at what he perceives as
the Orioles ' inability to be competitive was unabated .
" I 'm done with that , " Tejada said of his trade request after
playing here last night for Aguilas Cibaenos in a 4-2
loss to Licey in the Dominican Winter League playoffs .
" I really want to stay , you know .
I do n't want to
have this thing bothering my mind .
I want to be
relaxed .
I do n't want to hear people saying things about
me .
If they do n't want to make a good team ,
I 'll wait till they get rid of me .
" I 'm not going to ask them .
I 'm going to keep playing
my game , keep playing hard .
I 'll try to wait until
we win , do the same thing every year . "
Tejada 's change of heart appears to kill any chance the Red
Sox had of acquiring Tejada in a trade for outfielder
Manny Ramírez , a deal Tejada admitted he thought might happen .
" I think Boston was trying to get me , " he said .
" If
anything happens , we 'll wait and see .
Maybe it will happen
later on .
Right now , I 'm happy in Baltimore , and I
hope everybody understands what I 'm saying . "
If the Tejada deal is dead , the Sox almost certainly will
accelerate efforts to obtain shortstop Julio Lugo from Tampa Bay ,
though that trade could cost them Andy Marte , the third
base prospect the Sox acquired from Atlanta in the Edgar
Renteria deal .
Boston has been pursuing Lugo independent of its
negotiations with the Orioles for Tejada , even considering asking Lugo
to move to center field if the Sox also landed
Tejada .
Duquette , appearing at the Orioles ' FanFest yesterday in Baltimore 's Convention Center ,
said the Orioles were "elated " at Tejada 's decision , a reversal
of previous public statements in which Tejada said he was
unhappy with the Orioles ' offseason moves and wanted to go
to a winner .
" This is the first time we heard this directly from him , "
Duquette told reporters in Baltimore .
" We 're elated that he 's chosen
to stay .
We 're all committed to improving the team , and
it 's easier to do it with Miguel than without him . "
Asked why he changed his mind , Tejada said , "my daughter , " referring
to 6-year-old Alexis .
But he appeared to have been stung
by some of the criticism directed at him since his
trade demand first surfaced .
" My daughter , my wife , my family ... my wife spoke to
me .
She just told me , ' Wait for God to give
you the opportunity to win .
Do n't look for it .
Let
God decide when you 're going to win .
And I understand
that .
" I know I 'm really angry because they have not made a
better team than we had last year , but that 's their
thing .
I 'm an employee there .
I only work there .
I
will keep working the way I work .
I 'll put my
head down and do my job .
" I 'm not the kind of person to be in this kind
of situation .
I 've heard a lot of good things , a
lot of bad things , that 's not me .
My daughter just
told me two days ago that she saw on TV
that they talked about trading me , and she told me
she really loves Baltimore , she loves her school , she loves
her friends .
That made me really embarrassed to see my
daughter feel bad .
I want my daughter to feel good . "
Tejada was asked if he thought it was possible the Orioles
would still trade him .
" Well , if they do it , there 's nothing I can do , " he
said .
" If they do it by themselves , I accept that ,
but I 'm not going to ask for a trade .
" I thought at one point I was going to Boston .
I
heard a lot of comments , I heard a lot of
things .
But now , spring training is right around the corner
and I do n't want to keep thinking about [a trade] .
" I know there are a lot of people in Baltimore who
are not happy with what I said , but what I
said before , I think it will be better for the
whole city of Baltimore .
The city of Baltimore deserves to
have a good team .
" They deserve , I deserve , a good team to compete with other
good teams .
I think what I said was true .
They
did n't make any moves .
They did n't make any moves to
get better pitching .
" In our division , we 're not competing with one team .
We 're competing
with two teams [the Yankees and Red Sox] .
Now we
have to compete with three teams because Toronto has made
some big moves .
But right now , I just work there .
I 'm going to do my job , keep playing , and I 'm
going to make everybody happy .
" If they trade me one day , I 'm upset right now , because
right now I prefer to go [with Baltimore ] to spring
training .
" But I hope people understand I was speaking for everybody , " he
said of his earlier criticism .
" I speak for every player ,
I speak for the coaches , and I hope they heard
what I said . "
