mother ( Doris Day ) charms the maker of Happy soap and
detergent at a dinner party .
Her tales of how much
she and her family like the products persuade him to
hire her as his national spokeswoman .
Happy 's omnipresent ads and
billboards transform her into a celebrity , much to the dismay
of her husband ( James Garner ) .
KLENZRITE : " It 's Always Fair Weather " ( 1955 ) sends up the early days
of TV and TV advertising .
There are several mock commercials
for products like Klenzrite , a washing soap peddled by an
animated character called Miss Mop Up .
An unctuous announcer ( Frank Nelson ) urges viewers to buy Klenzrite and
its sibling brands , Duzrite , Izrite and Wuzrite , along with H2O
Cola , which tastes as good as water because , he confides ,
"it is water . "
MAXFORD HOUSE : In " Christmas in July " ( 1940 ) , a young dreamer ( Dick
Powell ) who works for Baxter &amp; Sons Coffee is tricked
by his co-workers into believing he has won the $ 25,000
grand prize in a slogan-writing contest for a competitor , Maxford
House Coffee ( modeled after Maxwell House , naturally ) .
His "winning " slogan :
" If you ca n't sleep , it is n't the coffee -- it 's
the bunk . "
PIKE 'S PALE ALE : In " The Lady Eve " ( 1941 ) , one reason that
a naive explorer ( Henry Fonda ) initially catches the eye of
a femme fatale ( Barbara Stanwyck ) is that he is the
heir to the Pike 's Pale Ale fortune .
A giant billboard looming over the brewery calls Pike 's " the ale
that won for Yale . "
An ad linking athletic prowess and
alcohol would be impossible today , but remember , this was an
era when baseball players endorsed cigarettes .
VIP : In " Lover Come Back " ( 1961 ) , the battle between Jerry Webster ,
a playboy adman ( Rock Hudson ) , and his virginal rival ( Doris
Day ) changes course when he tries to trick her by
filming commercials for a product that does not exist , which
he calls VIP.
When the spots are mistakenly broadcast , Jerry
is forced to put VIP into production with the help
of an oddball scientist ( Jack Kruschen ) , who invents candy that
"enters the bloodstream as pure alcohol , " instantly inebriating anyone who
eats it .
Love eventually conquers all , thanks to the liquor industry 's bribing Jerry
to suppress the formula for VIP so the world will
never know the joys of what the scientist calls " a
good 10-cent drunk . "
WALLACE FLOWRIGHT : In " Laura " ( 1944 ) , Waldo Lydecker ( Clifton Webb ) , a famous
columnist , becomes obsessed with a young woman , Laura Hunt ( Gene
Tierney ) .
When they first meet , she is a tyro at
an ad agency who interrupts his lunch at the Algonquin
Hotel to ask him to endorse the Wallace Flowright fountain
pen .
" I do n't use a pen , " Waldo snaps .
" I write with a
goose quill dipped in venom . "
Later , he apologizes to her
and endorses the pen " for reasons which are too embarrassing
to mention " -- that is , the $ 5,000 fee .
WHAM : In " Mr.
Blandings Builds His Dream House " ( 1948 ) , the career
of Jim Blandings ( Cary Grant ) , an adman who makes a
whopping $ 15,000 a year , hinges on his ability to create
