Federal prosecutors have charged seven Ku Klux Klan
members with running an illegal gun-trading ring to finance a
plan to blow up the Johnston County courthouse , according to
Johnston County Sheriff Steve Bizzell and federal indictments .
Indictments unsealed Monday said the ring 's heyday dates to the winter
of 2001 and 2002 , when several Klansmen bartered and sold
dozens of stolen firearms .
Investigators say they took illegal trade
beyond state lines .
" This is going to be a detrimental blow to the KKK , "
said Bizzell , who said he received a death threat in
2002 from the Benson-based Klan splinter group .
" Any time this
many members are arrested and part of a criminal enterprise
that is meeting and planning to carry out the blowing
up of a courthouse and the killing of elected officials ,
this is serious business . "
Federal prosecutors indicted Daniel Leigh Barefoot , 22 ; Sharon Renee Barefoot , 40 ;
Jonathan Ashley Avery , 26 ; Jonathan Maynard , 22 ; Marvin Glen Gautier ,
53 ; Michael Anthony Brewer , 35 ; and Rossie Lynwood Strickland , 57 ,
for conspiring to possess and sell stolen firearms .
Bizzell said
all of those charged were affiliated with the Klan splinter
group in southern Johnston County .
Several guns were stolen from a gun collector 's home in Benson
in 2001 , Johnston Sheriff 's Capt .
Buck Pipkin said .
According to
the indictment , those charged moved the guns between their homes
and barns and cleaned the guns to remove fingerprints .
Customers
stashed cash payments in Brewer 's mailbox , the indictment said .
This is the latest set of charges stemming from an investigation
begun four years ago after the group tried to march
in a parade at Mule Days in Benson .
Bizzell said
he expects additional charges soon .
Charles Robert " Junior " Barefoot , former grand dragon of the North Carolina
chapter of The National Knights of the Ku Klux Klan ,
split off in 2001 and formed the Nation 's Knights of
the Ku Klux Klan .
Charles Barefoot , along with three others charged Monday , is behind bars
awaiting trial in the 2003 slaying of Lawrence Arthur Pettit
of Jacksonville , allegedly another Klan member whose decomposed body was
found in a Sampson County field .
Federal prosecutors charged Charles Barefoot again last summer with possessing a
pink gel-like explosive in the freezer of his Benson home
in 2002 .
Investigators would n't say why the charges Monday were brought so long
after 2002 , when dozens of weapons were seized from Barefoot 's
Benson home .
The sheriff alleged then that Barefoot may have
been plotting to blow up several county offices .
In an unrelated case about the same time , Charles Barefoot was
accused of assaulting his wife , Sharon Renee Barefoot , with a
deadly weapon .
Daniel L. Barefoot is Charles Barefoot 's son .
Bizzell said the current investigation "was much more involved than we
initially realized . "
