To fans used to paying among the league 's highest ticket prices
while griping that Bruins ownership would n't spend the money necessary
to win a Stanley Cup , the lower prices signaled a
welcome new direction .
" It 's nice to see them reaching out , " said Andy Sherman , sitting
several rows back from the ice during the game against
Toronto .
Though some of the jump in attendance resulted from the discounts ,
ticket sales remained high after they ended .
More than 90
percent of season-ticket holders ultimately stayed with the team .
Since
then , the Bruins have sold about 1,000 new season tickets
- triple their sales in the year before the lockout .
The Bruins ' increased sales outstrip the NHL as a whole , where
attendance through December rose 3.2 percent compared with the last
season of hockey .
The teams cut prices 7.5 percent on
average to $ 41.19 , Team Marketing Report figures show .
An NHL
spokesman , Frank Brown , said attendance in October and November of
this year set records .
" It 's literally extraordinary and a clear
indication of the passion of our fans that not only
did they come back , but in record numbers , " he said .
But some Bruins fans , initially excited by the team 's return , already
have become jaded .
Andries , the fan in the $ 10 seats ,
bought tickets to every home game this year .
He and
his friend Gilmore showed up to the games early , stood
next to the ice to watch the players ' warm-ups , then
bought chicken fingers and beer .
When the Bruins began to
lose , however , and traded captain Joe Thornton to San Jose ,
the two friends got so upset that they made themselves
bright yellow shirts that read , " Worst management in sports ...
it 's called Bruins . "
Though the team did win that night ,
it was only the second time in the previous seven
home games .
In the sports business , winning teams attract more fans and do
better financially .
The merchandise store in the Garden reflects this :
When the Bruins win , jubilant fans crowd into the store
after the games , snapping up anything with the name " Bruins "
on it .
But if the team loses , "everyone is disappointed , "
said Kevin Peterson , a retail associate at the store .
" People
will keep walking past the store .
No one is interested
in buying something . "
Luxury-suite sales and corporate sponsorships work the same way .
Corporations will
pay a hefty price for suites in an arena -
the average Garden suite goes for $ 250,000 - but only
if executives feel the outlay makes business sense .
If their
clients stop clamoring to see Bruins games , the companies are
likely to reassess .
Already , in marketing the luxury suites , Garden
executives face increasing competition from two winning teams in town ,
the the Patriots and the Red Sox , who are investing
heavily in their own premium seats .
As leases for corporate suites at the Garden expire , some companies
are not renewing .
John Hancock Financial Services , long a supporter
of sports in Boston , did not renew its suite at
the Garden for the 2006 season as part of a
