LAS VEGAS - New guests dropped by the International Consumer Electronics
Show last week , overshadowing the gadgets that usually play starring
roles and even stealing the spotlight from the industry 's heavy
hitters .
Microsoft 's Bill Gates gave his annual keynote .
Sony chief executive Howard
Stringer spoke , too .
But neither could match Google co-founder Larry
Page , who created the biggest buzz at the annual trade
show that celebrates all things electronic .
Page 's appearance set off all sorts of speculation about the Internet
search engine 's plans .
But for the first time , his keynote
along with one by Yahoo chairman and CEO Terry Semel
gave two major Internet players prominent appearances at the show .
And it hints at a shift in focus over the coming
years for the tech industry .
The Internet has grown as
a source of information , but it 's poised to play an
increasing role as a source for entertainment , from movies to
TV to music .
What TV and radio were to the last century , Internet portals
such as Google , Yahoo , AOL and MSN could be to
this one .
Content , not gadgets , will rule .
" We 've gotten beyond the device phase , " said Stephen Baker , an analyst
with the NPD Techworld research firm .
" The devicemakers now understand
and appreciate the fact that devices require content . "
People need dazzling TV shows and movies to buy high-definition TVs ,
the coming high-definition digital video recorders and portable media players
for entertainment anywhere .
A number of major electronics companies have
begun referring to " a high-definition lifestyle " as a selling point
for their products .
For most of the show 's history , traditional consumer electronics companies such
as Sony and Panasonic dominated and the latest and greatest
gadgets were front and center .
As digital technology began to expand beyond computers and into TVs ,
radios and other gadgets in the '90s , companies such as
Microsoft , Intel and Dell entered the picture and began to
take over .
Now , it 's the third phase , one that will
be heavily influenced by content and the Internet .
It 's not clear how this shift will affect gadgets , and certainly
the industry 's recent performance indicates it will take some time
for it to come into focus .
The connected home ?
It 's bogged down by devices that do n't work
together well , or at all , , while competing industry groups push
different standards , leaving consumers confused .
More confusion is imminent .
Toshiba said it will offer a high-definition
DVD recorder in March for $ 499 using a technology called
HD DVD.
Other companies , such as Panasonic , say they 'll have
DVD recorders this year using the Blu-ray technology .
There goes
the simple DVD.
The computer has been hyped as the center of the home
entertainment universe .
But it 's not necessarily a given .
Bob Perry ,
an LG vice president , suggested that if companies put a
hard drive in TVs , perhaps wireless connections so they can
communicate with other devices , a computer might not be necessary .
But if you add those elements , is it a TV or
a computer ?
Elonex , a British company , displayed what looked like any 40-inch wide-screen
TV .
Still remarkably slim , it had a computer on the
back , using Intel 's new Viiv ( rhymes with drive ) technology that
emphasizes home entertainment .
It calls it an entertainment PC with
a big screen .
" There 's going to be an awful lot of different ways manufacturers
can choose to go , " Baker said .
" In the long run ,
it 's hard to see a particularly successful digital home environment
without some computer impact . "
Intel 's drive to emphasize home entertainment also focused attention on the
missing player in Las Vegas .
Apple Computer , which holds its
annual Macworld convention this week in San Francisco , will begin
using Intel chips in its computers this year .
With its
huge success with the iPod , Apple 's alliance with Intel could
open more possibilities .
Yet Google owned last week , in part because it has a
lot of money , it 's willing to spend it and it
has been so aggressive in rolling out new services .
" People are petrified by people who have a lot of money
to burn , " Baker said .
" It can disrupt a lot of
things . "
Google and Yahoo were not the only newcomers to the trade
show .
The movie and recording industries , historically adversaries with the
electronics industry over control of digital content , showed up .
That
prompted Gary Shapiro , chief executive of the host Consumer Electronics
Association , to tell the Washington Post :
" Hell has frozen over . "
