ATLANTA - Craig Smith thought there was no worse feeling in
the world than when he fouled out of Boston College 's
57-54 loss to Georgia Tech in the second round of
the NCAA Tournament two years ago .
Smith walked off the court at the Bradley Center in Milwaukee
a picture of absolute dejection after he had scored a
mere 2 points in 22 foul-plagued minutes .
But this ?
" This is a feeling that 's even worse , " said Smith , whose game-high
26 points ( on 10-for-13 shooting from the field , including a
one-handed runner with 1.3 seconds left for his first 3-pointer
of the season ) went for naught in BC 's 60-58 Atlantic
Coast Conference loss to the Yellow Jackets yesterday before an
Alexander Memorial Coliseum sellout crowd of 9,191 .
" You try to do everything you can and , obviously , you come
up with a loss , " Smith said after the 11th-ranked Eagles
dropped to 11-3 overall and 0-2 in ACC play .
BC
lost its first conference game at Maryland , 73-71 , Dec. 11 .
" I feel bad .
I kind of fault myself down the stretch .
Obviously , I had a chance to put us up . "
Smith , who scored BC 's last 10 points of the game , was
referring to the opportunity he had to give his team
the lead when he stepped to the foul line ( where
the Eagles converted 10 of 19 overall ) with the Eagles
trailing , 55-54 , with 55.5 seconds left .
Smith clanged his first
offering , blowing BC 's chance to take control of the lead ,
but made his second to preserve a tie .
But Georgia Tech wrested it away when Anthony Morrow ( 15 points )
drove baseline , pulled up after getting hemmed in by several
BC defenders , and kicked it out to the perimeter where
Zam Fredrick ( 7 points ) knocked down a clutch trey that
made it 58-55 with 33.5 seconds left .
After Louis Hinnant saved the Eagles from coming up empty on
a loose-ball scrum by calling timeout with 12.8 seconds left
as Smith battled on the floor for possession , Jared Dudley
( 14 points , 7 rebounds ) inbounded the ball , putting it in
the hands of freshman guard Tyrese Rice ( 10 points ) , who
hesitated for a second on a contested 3-point shot from
the corner that missed its mark and fell into the
waiting hands of Georgia Tech 's Jeremis Smith ( 16 points , 9
rebounds ) .
" Georgia Tech did a good job of taking it to us
physically , particularly the first 20 minutes , " said BC coach Al
Skinner , whose team trailed at intermission , 29-26 , after the Eagles
hit just 10 of 19 field goals ( 1 of 9
from the 3-point arc ) and were outrebounded , 18-9 ( 33-23 overall ) .
" We did n't respond particularly well , I did n't think .
" In the second half , I thought we did a better job
with that .
[Georgia Tech ] worked their tails off , they rebounded
the crap out of the basketball , and they hustled and
I thought they played a great ball game . "
This from a Georgia Tech team projected to finish ninth ( of
12 teams ) in the ACC 's preseason media poll and had
barely a recognizable name or face ( with the notable exception
of coach Paul Hewitt ) from the squad that got past
BC two years ago in the NCAA tourney and advanced
to the Final Four in San Antonio .
" This certainly is an important win , " Hewitt said after his team
improved to 8-4 (2-0 ACC) .
" Any time you have a
home game in the ACC , you almost have to win . "
After the Eagles went almost 11:05 between Dudley baskets , a span
that bridged the halves , the second half seemed to offer
little promise for BC when the Yellow Jackets twice led
by as many as 8 on Morrow 's 3-point burial ( 34-26 )
and Jeremis Smith 's contorted layup underneath the basket ( 43-35 ) .
The Eagles came out of a timeout with 11:34 to go
and immediately responded when Hinnant stepped out for a 3-pointer
that pulled BC within 43-38.
Smith then scored on a
strong layup and Rice followed with a leaning lane floater
that , somehow , found its mark to pull the Eagles within
45-42 .
Rice went to the line ( courtesy of Jeremis Smith 's third personal ) ,
but only made the first of two foul shot attempts
to cut Georgia Tech 's lead to 45-43 .
Rice , however , atoned
when he buried a huge trey for the Eagles that
gave them a 46-45 lead with 7:59 left .
It was the first lead BC had enjoyed since 21-18 , but
that was before D'Andre Bell tied it , 21-21 , with a
3-pointer .
The Yellow Jackets wrested the lead away , 48-46 , when Morrow buried
a trifecta from the corner with seven minutes left .
Rice
hoisted a trey and induced Fredrick to commit his first
personal , but the BC freshman missed a chance to give
the Eagles the lead when he made the first and
last of his three attempts to tie the game , at
48 .
A clutch catch-and-shoot trey by freshman guard Lewis Clinch put the
Eagles on their heels , 53-50 , and set into motion a
turn of events that led to their second ACC setback .
" Starting off with two games on the road in the ACC ,
that 's how it is , " Dudley said .
" Two heartbreakers , two losses ,
but no one is going to feel sorry for us .
This is how you 've got to do it ; you 've got
to be able to bounce back and respond to the
challenge .
" Obviously , we 've got N.C .
State at home [tomorrow ] and we 're a
pretty good home team , so hopefully we can get one . "
