Barreling ahead with a January rally , the Dow Jones Industrial Average
closed above 11,000 Monday for the first time in more
than four years .
It 's a welcome relief from the market
doldrums of the past year and a sign that investors
are feeling better about the economy and the outlook for
corporate earnings .
The much-watched market barometer finished the day at 11,011.90 , a gain
of 52.59 points .
The Dow stands more than 700 points
below the all-time high of 11,722.98
recorded six years ago ,
but it 's in the best shape it has been in
since before the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 .
The impact of big , round numbers on the Dow is mostly
psychological , but "psychology is almost as important as fundamentals in
the market , " said Phil Dow , a strategist for RBC Dain
Rauscher in Minneapolis .
" I think it gives people confidence , " said Tampa investor Richard Egan ,
an accountant .
" A lot of people are not in tune
with day-to-day market conditions .
When it hits a high and
it 's a headline in the paper , somebody who 's a casual
investor sees that and thinks things are better .
Considering all
the things that are happening in the world , it 's kind
of amazing to see . "
From an analytical standpoint , breaking above 11,000 is positive because stocks
have been in a long period of "accumulation , " a technical
term for going nowhere .
Although there could be a pullback ,
a breakthrough like this one may signal stocks have started
a new upward trend .
" The market is extremely healthy , " said technical analyst Ralph Bloch , who
publishes a newsletter in Riviera Beach .
" I can make a
technical argument for the Dow reaching 12,000 . "
Another technician , Rodney Johnson of the H.S. Dent Organization in Tampa ,
said 11,200 is the real number to watch : " If you
cross that , you get all the way up to 11,700 . "
Other market professionals say the number is meaningless .
" When people start
talking about that stuff , it means it 's a slow day
in the financial world , " said Tampa money manager Robert Thompson
at Bay Capital .
But he remains positive on stocks , as
he has been since the end of October .
For some who try to read the market tea leaves , the
most significant thing about Monday 's close is that it means
the market finished up for the first five trading days
of the year .
That 's almost always a sign that it
will finish up for the year as a whole , last
year being a notable exception to the rule .
Not only is the Dow up 2.75 percent for the year ,
other market indicators also are doing well .
The Standard &amp;
Poor 's 500 Index is up 3.35 percent and the Nasdaq
Composite Index is up 5.14 percent .
There are some good reasons for the advance : Investors are optimistic
that the Federal Reserve Board is nearly finished raising short-term
interest rates .
Corporate earnings continue to grow , and because stock
prices have n't kept pace , valuations are more reasonable than they
were a few years ago .
Energy prices have stabilized , at
least for the moment .
And there 's plenty of cash sitting on the sidelines , which could
come into the market and which would be augmented by
the usual January influx of pension and retirement account contributions .
Of course , bad news could quickly sour skittish investors on the
market 's recovery .
" I 'm still cautious at this point , " said St . Petersburg investor Sheila
Bustamante .
Largo investor Charles Hacker , a retired grocer , said the big number
might even discourage some investors , who could conclude the market
has topped out .
