President Bashar Assad of Syria rushed
to Saudi Arabia on Sunday for a surprise meeting with
Saudi leaders .
The meeting occurred a day after he was
quoted as saying that he would not cooperate with the
U.N. investigation of the assassination of Rafik Hariri , the former
Lebanese prime minister .
Within hours of a meeting in Damascus , Syria , with the Saudi
foreign minister , Prince Saud al-Faisal , Assad flew to Jiddah , Saudi
Arabia .
There , he joined a meeting and banquet with top
members of the Saudi ruling family , including King Abdullah ; Prince
Naif , the interior minister ; Prince Miqren , the chief of general
intelligence ; and Prince Bandar bin Sultan , the secretary general of
the National Security Council , the government-run Saudi Press Agency reported .
In wording clearly meant to encourage Assad to cooperate , the royal
family released a statement saying that at the meeting , Abdullah
"affirmed the kingdom 's desire for stronger relations between Syria and
Lebanon in all fields , so that the interests of both
countries and security of the region are protected . "
It is not the first time that Saudi Arabia has prodded
Syria to ease relations with Lebanon and the United Nations .
In March , Assad went to Riyadh seeking support for his
determination to keep Syrian troops in Lebanon , but he was
bluntly rebuffed by Abdullah , who was then crown prince .
In
November , the Saudis brokered a deal in which Syria allowed
some government officials to meet with U.N. investigators .
On Tuesday , Abdullah also met with President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt
to seek ways to resolve the standoff that has gone
on for months , Reuters reported .
Last month , the U.N. investigation into the truck bombing that killed
Hariri and 20 others in February 2005 concluded in a
preliminary report that the attack was the work of high-level
Syrian and Lebanese intelligence officers .
Syria has repeatedly denied involvement ,
and more recently has sought to discredit witnesses and raise
doubts about the evidence presented .
International pressure on Syria has increased recently , especially after a former
Syrian vice president , Abdel-Halim Khaddam , went public last month with
his accusations that Assad and other Syrian officials had directly
threatened Hariri in the months before he was killed by
a truck bomb .
Last week , U.N. investigators asked to directly interview Assad and Foreign
Minister Farouk al-Sharaa in the killing .
In an interview published
Saturday in the Egyptian newspaper Al-Osboa , Assad was quoted as
saying that he intended to reject the request , citing presidential
immunity .
