Audi took the wraps off the U.S. version of its first
sports utility vehicle , the 2007 Q7 , this week at the
Los Angeles Auto Show .
The automaker also announced a starting price of $ 50,620 ( including freight )
for the 4.2-liter Quattro model , which goes on sale in
June .
No prices were announced for the 3.6-liter V-6 version , which will
show up a few weeks later , or for the gasoline-electric
hybrid model , which will be added to the lineup for
2008 -- the first hybrid SUV from a European automaker .
Equipped with a V-8 engine with gasoline direct injection , the 4.2-liter
Q7 will have 350 horsepower , a six-speed Tiptronic automatic transmission
and the latest generation of Audi 's patented Quattro all-wheel-drive system .
This system , during normal operation , sends 42 percent of the power
to the front wheels and the rest to the rear .
Ratios change automatically when wheel slippage occurs , such as on
ice , snow or sand .
Luxury features abound in this vehicle , which essentially is a high-end
clone of the Volkswagen Touareg and a close cousin of
the Porsche Cayenne .
Those two SUVs have been on the market since 2004 and
were developed jointly by Porsche and Volkswagen , Audi 's parent .
Porsche builds the Cayenne separately from the Touareg and uses a
Porsche engine and transmission , while VW will build the Audi
in the plant that also makes the Touareg .
The Q7
will use the same V-6 and V-8 engines as the
Touareg .
Standard on the Q7 4.2 Quattro are such amenities as adaptive
bi-xenon headlights , seven-passenger leather seating , power tailgate , automatic dual-zone climate
control , 18-inch alloy wheels , 5,500-pound towing capacity , cruise control and
keyless entry .
A cold-weather package with heated steering wheel and front - and second-row
seats lists for $ 850 , and a $ 2,400 technology package adds
a rearview camera with rear parking system , a side-assist system
that monitors the vehicle 's blind spots , advanced key keyless entry
and voice control .
Other options on the 4.2 Quattro will include a three-panel panoramic
sunroof , 19- or 20-inch alloy wheels , four-zone automatic climate control
( including rear control panel ) , 6,600-pound towing package , satellite radio , DVD
navigation , air suspension , radar cruise control and the side-assist system
( as a stand-alone option ) .
Standard safety features include dual front and front-side air bags , side
curtain air bags for all three rows of seats , four-wheel
antilock disc brakes , electronic stability control with rollover sensing and
pre-tensioning three-point seatbelts for all seven passengers .
Rear side air
bags will be optional , the company said .
With the introduction of the Q7 , Audi finally gets its own
sports utility .
The all-wheel-drive system will be standard on all models .
The Cayenne and Touareg already are regarded as two of the
most capable off-road performers on the market .
I 've tested both
on some very rugged trails that normally would require highly
modified off-road vehicles such as Jeep Wranglers and CJs to
negotiate , and the Porsche/VW models handled the terrain with ease .
But with prices ranging into the $ 50,000s or more , this vehicle
will see more highways than byways and more country clubs
than countryside .
People just do n't take expensive SUVs into the
woods very much .
There 's a certain logic to that .
Why
risk banging up the fenders and rocker panels of a
luxury vehicle along some rocky trail ?
Porsche also offers V-6 and normally aspirated V-8 versions of the
Cayenne , with starting prices in the mid-$ 40,000s for the V-6 .
As for the Q7 , the vehicle gets the new trapezoidal Audi
grille design that has become the new face of the
brand .
And although its overall shape is similar to those
of the Touareg and Cayenne , it does have its own
look .
The Q7 will have ground clearance of up to 7.9 inches
to help it avoid obstacles on the trail .
As for interior amenities , the Germans are finally getting the message :
Americans like cup holders .
The Q7 will have 10 of
them throughout the passenger compartment .
Three rows of seating are offered for carrying up to seven
passengers , and
Audi says middle-seat leg room will be best in class .
The second - and third-row seats can be folded flat in a
variety of configurations to accommodate more people or more cargo .
Behind the third seat is 11.7 cubic feet of cargo space ;
with the third seat folded , that expands to 27.4 .
The tailgate lifts up in one piece , just as it does
on the Touareg and
Cayenne , but the Q7 will offer an electrically operated tailgate , a
feature first introduced by Chrysler in its line of Dodge
and Chrysler minivans .
No extra money need be spent to prep the Q7 for
trailer-towing ; all models will come with a trailer hitch and
wiring , Audi says .
In North America , the 4.2-liter V-8 will be rated at 350
horsepower and 324 foot-pounds of torque .
It will propel the
Q7 from zero to 60 mph in 7.4 seconds and
give the vehicle a top speed of 154 mph .
The V-6 engine will arrive in September , rated at 280 horsepower .
No fuel economy ratings have been announced for the Q7 , but
the V-6 version of the Touareg is EPA-rated at 16
miles per gallon in the city and 21 on the
highway .
The V-8 is rated at 14 city/18 highway .
( Send your car questions to G. Chambers Williams III , San Antonio
Express-News , P.O.
Box 2171 , San Antonio , TX 78297-2171 , or e-mail :
chambers@express-news .net . )
