Once every few years , a disaster in a tiny Appalachian town
reminds the nation that coal mining remains a dangerous occupation .
The cause of the latest incident , which claimed 12 lives
at the Sago Mine in West Virginia , is unknown and
under investigation .
But certain problems are endemic in the industry : old safety equipment ,
lax enforcement and a get-along culture in which safety complaints
are discouraged , according to an examination of government and court
records and interviews this past week and over the years
with hundreds of miners , dozens of mine inspectors and mine
safety experts .
Even well-run mines are frightening places .
The average Appalachian mine is
less than 5 feet high , with some less than 3
feet .
Some miners bring straws with their lunches because there
is not enough space to tilt a Coke can over
their heads .
The roof often pings and rumbles like ice
on a frozen pond .
While a few corporate giants own multiple mines , there are many
small companies with only a few mines .
These operations are
usually nonunion .
They use reconditioned equipment and hire unskilled men
with few other prospects who often worry that large fines
will shut down their mines .
" Many miners look at inspectors as their enemies , " said Tony Oppegard ,
a former top federal mine official in the Clinton administration
and the former prosecutor of mine safety violations in Kentucky .
Throughout the industry , the oxygen canisters , the telephones , the ventilation equipment
and almost every other piece of safety equipment are nearly
identical to those used more than 20 years ago .
Some
mines still produce coal with explosives , a technique that has
changed little in 100 years .
Mines are routinely cited for violating federal safety rules .
Federal inspections
occur at least four times a year .
Federal inspectors almost never close a mine even when they find
repeated instances of life-threatening safety problems .
The Sago Mine had 202 safety violations last year , a number
that included 16 blatant violations that were considered immediate hazards
to miners ' safety .
Like Sago , six other underground mines in
West Virginia have 100 to 150 employees , according to federal
records .
Not one of the six had a similar blatant
violation last year , according to federal mine records .
Sago has
had 14 major roof falls since June .
Its injury rate
last year was three times the national average .
Monday , Gov. Joe Manchin III of West Virginia named J.
Davitt
McAteer , who oversaw the mine safety agency in the Clinton
administration , to oversee the work of state and federal investigators
and issue a report on last week 's disaster by July
1 .
" We will pursue every lead , " McAteer said .
" We will take every
step necessary to find the problems and to fix those
problems . "
