As the New England Patriots watched the American Football Conference playoff
game on Sunday between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Cincinnati
Bengals , they faced an unsettling quandary .
The outcome would determine their opponent next weekend , either the Denver
Broncos or the Indianapolis Colts , two teams that had caused
plenty of problems for them during the regular season .
The Broncos raced to a 25-point lead in October , when they
beat the Patriots , 28-20 , in Denver .
The visiting Colts had
overwhelmed them , 40-21 , in a game in November that was
viewed as a passing of the AFC torch .
The Steelers ' 31-17 victory over the Bengals on Sunday set up
a Denver-New England rematch .
And that counts as a bit
of good news for the Patriots .
The Broncos had to hold on by their fingertips to that
huge lead back on Oct. 16 as quarterback Tom Brady
diced up the Denver secondary to pull the Patriots to
eight points down with three minutes to play .
Denver had
used three plays of more than 50 yards to set
up their touchdowns , including throws by quarterback Jake Plummer of
72 and 55 yards into gaping holes in the Patriots '
injury-thinned secondary .
On that day , the Patriots were near their nadir .
Defensive lineman
Richard Seymour , receiver Troy Brown and running back Kevin Faulk
were inactive , and linebacker Tedy Bruschi , it was announced by
the team , had just been cleared to play again after
his recovery from a stroke .
Plummer passed for 262 yards , and the Patriots ' run defense was
abysmal , allowing 178 yards from the AFC 's top rushing offense ,
including a 68-yard burst by Tatum Bell .
How different are the Patriots now ?
Faulk rushed for 51 yards on six carries -- 8.5 yards
a rush -- in the Patriots ' 28-3 victory over the
Jaguars on Saturday night .
Seymour , who shared a sack with
Willie McGinest and recovered a fumble on Saturday , has led
the resurgence of the Patriots ' pass rush over the past
six weeks .
Brown scored a touchdown , and played defensive back
in the Patriots ' dime defense .
And the Patriots managed to keep the Jaguars out of the
end zone while Bruschi let his calf injury heal from
the safety of the sideline .
" We are even with everybody else , so we are even with
the best teams in the league , Indy and Denver , " Brady
said Saturday night .
The score was lopsided , but the Patriots were hardly flawless against
the Jaguars .
The offense sputtered in the first quarter , despite
marvelous field position that resulted from a surprise pooch punt .
The Patriots ' 21-point burst in a span of a little more
than seven minutes in the second half resulted from a
lucky bounce on a fumble by tight end Ben Watson ,
from Watson 's marvelous individual effort to break tackles on a
63-yard scoring play and from a call by the defensive
coordinator , Eric Mangini , that led to an interception by Asante
Samuel .
The call was so good that coach Bill Belichick
embraced Mangini after the interception .
It will take plenty more from the offense to keep pace
with the Broncos , who averaged nearly 25 points a game .
The Patriots are undefeated in their past 10 playoff games , and
it was the championship timbre that helped pull them from
their early season morass .
The only reminder of those days is that the Patriots did
not secure home-field advantage in the playoffs .
" I think they just kept playing , kept practicing , kept getting better , "
Jaguars coach Jack Del Rio said .
" It appeared that several
of their leaders stepped forward and just basically let it
be known that it was n't going to be the way
it was going -- that it was going to be
better and they were going to pull together and get
it done .
They responded when their backs were getting up
against the wall earlier in the year , and they 've come
back and put together a nice string here late , and
obviously they 're playing good football now . "
