Every high school has one : the kid everyone picks on .
Maybe
it 's an extreme Star Trek fan or the bassoonist from
band or the girl who studies her boogers in geometry .
In my class , it was Stephanie Kuhn .
I do n't really remember
why or how the harassment started .
But by the time
we were seniors , in 1985 , she had become our school 's
version of Ally Sheedy in The Breakfast Club - an
awkward , outcast girl who peered out at the world from
behind her long , dark bangs and made snide comments about
her teachers and torturers under her breath .
Like many of my classmates , I forgot about Stephanie after graduation .
Apparently , she did n't forget about us .
When the 20th reunion of our Rockville High class was held
recently in Maryland , she did n't show .
But everyone was talking
about her .
Just like old times .
This is the page she submitted for the class memory book .
While other alumni bragged about their travels , kids and careers ,
Stephanie spoke directly to her tormentors .
And counted on karma .
Greatest accomplishment or planned goal : Developing small farm business , living happily
ever after
Synopsis of last 20 years : By now , most of you ( with
a few exceptions ) are either fat &amp; ugly or drunk
&amp; stupid .
Or both .
Perhaps you have successful careers to
cover up your miserable lives .
On the other hand , my
fiance Richard &amp; I share a wonderful life in the
country .
I have retained my youthful good looks .
Neither of
us drink , smoke or do drugs .
We are happy , healthy
and free of the guilt I know some of you
carry (you know who you are ) for the way you
treated me in school , from nursery school on .
You are
the ones who will burn in hell with your fat ,
ugly , drunken-stupid selves &amp; 10 kids .
We , however , have a
beautiful farm on 14 acres on Maryland 's Eastern Shore ( God 's
country ) .
We have one horse ( beautiful AQHA registered QH mare ) ,
two South African Boer goats , three very friendly pit bulls
( two blue , one white ) , four geese , three rabbits , and over
200 fancy/rare ducks &amp; chickens .
I show our dogs at
fun shows , and our poultry too .
I sell birds &amp;
hatching eggs online , all over the country .
I even shipped
eggs to Thailand once .
Richard was a police officer for
many years and is enjoying a much-deserved pension .
Richard is
a full-time office employee at the largest construction company on
the shore .
He also is a part-time staff writer for
the local paper .
I enjoy working here on the farm .
Richard has a 15-year-old daughter who loves me very much ,
and she enjoys riding my horse .
Sometimes we ride on
the beach at Assateague .
Both Richard &amp; I enjoy horseback
riding , art , photography , swimming , camping , fossil collecting , working on cars/trucks ,
laughing , reading , writing ( I write Macabre poetry ) , music , cooking , home
improvements and many other things .
He treats me like gold .
We have the perfect life .
So you see , what goes
around comes around .
You reap what you sow .
God will
see that you get what 's coming to you .
Thanks for
reading my bio .
Favorite high school song : Comfortably Numb by Pink Floyd
