The Dow Jones industrial average closed above 11,000
on Monday for the first time since June 2001 , pointing
to the renewed confidence of investors who have long been
waiting for the market to return to one of its
more elusive touchstones .
The gains Monday also highlight a modest new year 's rally that
has come amid optimism about corporate earnings and hopes that
the Federal Reserve will soon end an 18-month campaign to
push interest rates higher .
" Dow 11,000 is just a number , " said David Bianco , chief U.S.
equity strategist for UBS.
" But as wacky as it is
of an index , it does a pretty good job as
an indicator . "
The Dow , which flirted with 11,000 in late November , was pushed
over the line Monday largely by shares of General Motors ,
which rose nearly 8 percent after receiving a rare bit
of positive news : A Goldman Sachs analyst raised his rating
on the stock .
The Dow ended the day at 11,011.90 , up 52.59 points , or
0.48 percent .
The Dow 's advance has been building since last Tuesday , when the
Federal Reserve 's minutes of its December meeting signaled to many
that the Fed would raise rates just one or two
more times in the next few months .
" The catalyst was the Fed minutes , " said Jim Paulsen , chief investment
strategist for Wells Capital in Minneapolis .
" It 's not the force
that did it .
It is the catalyst . "
The Dow first broke through the 11,000 barrier in May 1999 .
The Dow , a collection of 30 blue-chip stocks selected by the
editors of The Wall Street Journal , is the longest running
of the major market indexes .
But it is not the
market 's broadest or best measure .
The small size of the
index and the way it weighs individual stocks limits its
utility , analysts and academics that study the stock market say .
Yet , Dow 11,000 remains a powerful symbol for the ordinary investor .
" It is more psychological than anything else , " said Ralph J. Acampora ,
a long-time market forecaster who accurately predicted in 1997 that
the Dow would reach 10,000 by 1999 .
Of the 30 companies which make up the Dow Jones index
today , manufacturers like Caterpillar , 3M , Boeing and United Technologies have
been the strongest performers since May 1999 .
Each posted returns
in that time of more than 50 percent .
Altria Group ,
the holding company for its Phillip Morris tobacco subsidiary and
Kraft foods , led the pack with a nearly 110 percent
return .
At the other end , two of the former Baby Bells were
among the index 's worst performers .
Verizon Communications and AT&amp;T , formerly
SBC Communications , each fell more than 47 percent since May
1999 .
Merck and General Motors , which is down almost 72
percent , have posted similarly large declines .
