The harshest political crackdown in years is
under way here in what some analysts are calling the
final stage in Prime Minister Hun Sen's drive to consolidate
unchallenged power .
Over the past year , he has choked off the last effective
political opposition while continuing to marginalize the monarchy , manipulate the
courts and intimidate labor unions and other civic groups .
In
December , the leader of the only significant opposition party , Sam
Rainsy , who had already fled the country , was sentenced in
absentia to 18 months in prison for criminal defamation .
Now , with a series of arrests and lawsuits on defamation and
related charges , Hun Sen is for the first time directly
attacking the human rights groups that , by default , serve as
a de facto democratic opposition .
" Cambodia right now is at a crossroads : It must decide whether
it 's going to be a real democracy or whether it 's
going to move inexorably toward a one-party state , " said the
U.S. ambassador , Joseph Mussomeli .
The special U.N. envoy for human rights in Cambodia , Yash Ghai ,
said only strong action from the foreign countries that support
Cambodia 's economy could stop the slide .
" It has all the hallmarks of the beginning of a totalitarian
regime , " he said .
The human rights groups are the most substantial and lasting legacy
of a major international effort by the United Nations in
the early 1990s to implant democracy in Cambodia , a nation
wrecked by war , repression and mass killings .
From 1975 to 1979 , the communist Khmer Rouge caused the deaths
of 1.7 million people , nearly one-fourth of the nation 's population .
In the decade that followed , Cambodia was ruled by a
Vietnamese-backed communist government in which Hun Sen rose to leadership .
By staging a coup in 1997 , intimidating opponents , manipulating elections and
cutting constitutional corners , Hun Sen has moved steadily to reclaim
the full powers he held before the U.N. intervention .
This time he is using a tactic that has worked well
for Singapore 's leaders and is being tried by Prime Minister
Thaksin Shinawatra of Thailand -- eliminating opposition through lawsuits .
The government spokesman , Khieu Kanharith , offered one rationale , telling the Voice
of America radio station that the arrests on defamation charges
were part of the country 's democratic system .
Hun Sen said he was filing his lawsuits to protect his
own reputation .
" I am a human being , not an animal ,
and deserve to have my honor and dignity , " he said .
