an abortion ? " '
Schumer warned Alito .
Republicans repeatedly cautioned Alito against being too specific in answering Democrats '
questions , especially about Roe v. Wade .
Sen. Orrin Hatch , R-Utah ,
the former chairman of the committee , cited a Washington Post
editorial Monday arguing that Alito " will not - and should
not - tell Americans how he will vote on hotly
contested issues . "
" We must apply a judicial , not a political , standard to this
record , " Hatch said .
" Asking a judicial nominee whose side will
you be on in future cases is a political standard .
Evaluating Judge Alito 's record by asking whose side has he
been on in past cases is a political standard . "
But Sen. Joe Biden , D-Del . , another former chairman of the committee ,
wryly noted that the Republicans were making such demands of
the little known White House legal counsel Harriet Miers after
Bush nominated her to replace O'Connor .
" They sure wanted to
know in detail , " Biden quipped .
" They were about ready to
administer a blood test . "
Miers withdrew her nomination amid protests from anti-abortion conservatives , the core
of Bush 's political base , and the president immediately nominated Alito .
( Story can end here .
Optional adds follow . )
Alito is the third person to be nominated by Bush to
succeed O'Connor , who announced her plans to retire from the
high court last summer .
His first nominee was John Roberts ,
but the death of Chief Justice William Rehnquist shortly after
O'Connor 's announcement prompted the president to change directions and tap
Roberts as Rehnquist 's successor .
Roberts underwent more than 16 hours of questioning by committee members
over three days last September and won the committee 's endorsement
by a 13-5 vote .
On Sept. 29 , he was confirmed
by the full Senate on a 78-22 vote , all 22
votes against him coming from Democrats .
Sen.
John Cornyn , R-Texas , in welcoming Alito to the hearings , cautioned
the nominee not to expect to be treated fairly by
the Democrats .
" You do not exactly come here today on
a level playing field , " he said .
A " solid , immovable and
unpersuadable block " of at least 22 Democratic opponents awaits his
nomination on the Senate floor , Cornyn said .
( Story can end here .
Optional add follows . )
In addition , Alito 's nomination could face a filibuster once it arrives
before the full Senate .
Democrats have not given Senate Majority
Leader Bill Frist , R-Tenn. , any guarantees that they will agree
to a set length of time for floor debate on
Alito 's nomination .
That may have been the reason why Frist made a surprise
appearance at Alito 's hearing Monday afternoon , after which he appeared
before a bank of television cameras to demand that the
nomination be handled in " a civil manner . "
Similarly , the president , following a breakfast with Alito at the White
House Monday morning , expressed hope that " the Senate bring
dignity to the process and give this man a fair
hearing and an up or down vote on the Senate
floor . "
Specter wants his committee - made up of 10 Republicans and
eight Democrats - to vote their recommendation on Alito on
