When Massachusetts voters in 2002 steered the education of immigrant children
away from instruction in their own language and toward English
immersion , they also established the state 's first test for measuring
their English skills .
While it is too early to tell
whether children are learning better , results from two rounds of
the test are in , and they demonstrate how difficult the
transition to regular classrooms will be , whatever the method of
instruction .
In four of the state 's largest cities , students are
falling far short of the state 's goal of having 40
percent ready for regular classrooms after three years .
That state target is itself a telling commentary , since the 2002
law expects most students to spend one year in immersion
classes and then be mainstreamed .
Statewide , the actual performance is
better than the goal , with 48 percent of students reaching
that level after three years .
But in cities with many
low-income families that lack both English and other resources , the
results are discouraging .
In Boston , the Massachusetts English Proficiency
Assessment
showed just 34 percent of third-year students ready to transition into
the mainstream after three years of sheltered classes .
In Worcester ,
it was 36 percent ; in Lawrence , 26 percent ; in Holyoke ,
30 percent .
David Driscoll , the commissioner of education , said he has n't drawn any
conclusions from the test results , which he called a base
line .
He said the state needs more trained and certified
teachers who have specialized in English as a second language .
Regular classroom teachers are getting training to deal better with
students with limited English proficiency , but much remains to be
done .
In addition to the MEPA test and the MCAS test , on
which these students score very poorly , there is one other
yardstick that might help the state improve : the National Assessment
of Educational Progress , which measures a sampling of fourth - and
eighth-grade students from each state .
Massachusetts led the nation in 2005 on the NAEP , but in
a ranking just of Hispanic students from the different states ,
Massachusetts Hispanics ranked in the bottom half for reading in
both grades .
State officials should look at states whose Hispanics
do better on NAEP to find out if they are
using special programs that could be adopted here , or if
those states simply have larger populations of self-identified Hispanics who
come from families that speak mainly English at home .
Children from families with limited English ability are a growing part
of the state 's enrollment .
Data from all the different tests
should help the state improve their education .
It takes no
special tests , however , to know the state needs more teachers
skilled in teaching English as a second language .
