When USC coach Pete Carroll agreed to a five-year contract extension
last week , he said , " I want to see how far
we can take this . "
Some might argue he found out before serving a day of
his new agreement , when USC lost to Texas in the
Rose Bowl and fell short in its historic chance for
a third straight national title .
Without quarterback Matt Leinart , tailback Reggie Bush , offensive tackle Winston Justice
and possibly tailback LenDale White , the Trojans suddenly look a
lot more normal next season .
" Now the question is can you be dominant three out of
four years ? "
Carroll said , wondering if the Trojans can win
a national championship next season .
" We 've done this before .
I
ai n't worried about it . "
Maybe not , but right now it 's hard to say who could
replace Leinart and Bush , or if it 's even possible .
If
you listen to the hype , the Trojans lost two of
the greatest quarterbacks and tailbacks in college history .
As impressive as USC recruits these days , it 's hard to imagine
another Bush turning up , and even Bush required time to
develop as a freshman , which means next year the Trojans
might not be able to just win on sheer athletic
ability .
Who is going to break off 36- and 45-yard touchdown runs
against Notre Dame , like Bush did against the Irish this
season ?
Those plays did n't get the attention of Leinart 's fourth-and-9
pass to wide receiver Dwayne Jarrett , but they were just
as important and prevented the Irish from building momentum .
No one on the current roster is even close to Bush 's
explosiveness and if White goes pro , tailback becomes a huge
question mark .
The Trojans go into next year with a
committee of Hershel Dennis , Desmond Reed , Chauncey Washington and Michael
Coleman at tailback .
Additionally , USC will bring in at least three recruits at tailback .
Emmanuel Moody ( Coppell , Texas ) committed Saturday , while Stafon Johnson ( Dorsey
High of Los Angeles ) and Michael Goodson ( Houston ) are also
expected to select USC.
The quarterback situation is less muddled but still a question mark .
Sophomore John David Booty played in seven games this season ,
which is far more experience than Leinart got before he
started .
But will Booty beat out highly regarded freshman Mark
Sanchez ?
Between the two , Sanchez owns the stronger arm , but Booty 's been
in the program three years .
Carroll wants to choose a
starter in spring practice , like he did with Leinart in
2003 , so everyone knows who the No. 1 quarterback is
before training camp .
That presents a dilemma : Booty would be a safe choice , but
Sanchez possesses more potential .
There wo n't be any problems finding someone to throw to , because
USC returns starting wide receivers Jarrett and Steve Smith , along
with freshman Patrick Turner .
The offensive line returns three starters
( Ryan Kalil , Fred Matua , Sam Baker ) although offensive tackle Winston
Justice is expected to turn pro .
It 's still a pretty good offense , but not the greatest in
history , like the 2005 version made a claim for .
And
it will require a punter .
But who ? Tom Malone graduated ,
and USC only has walk-on Taylor Odegard .
No recruits impressed the coaches in the summer , and USC might
sign a junior-college punter as a stop-gap measure .
The role of freshman kicker Troy Van Blarcom also figures to
increase .
Carroll said Van Blarcom would have kicked a game-tying
field goal against Texas in the closing seconds , even though
the freshman did not attempt a field goal all season .
But next year , the Trojans are going to need a long-range
kicker .
Going for it on fourth down inside the 30-yard
line wo n't be as easy without Leinart and Bush .
The lack of experience at tailback and quarterback puts the burden
back on the defense , which will be considerably stronger next
season .
Linebacker will be the Trojans ' top position , especially at
the middle ( Oscar Lua , Rey Maualuga ) and strong side ( Dallas
Sartz , Thomas Williams , Brian Cushing ) spots , where five starters return
for two positions .
It wo n't surprise anyone if Carroll finds a way to get
as many of those players on the field as possible .
Sartz could play safety , especially if junior Darnell Bing goes
pro .
That would enable Josh Pinkard to remain at cornerback ,
although he 's expected to return to his natural safety spot .
Terrell Thomas , Kevin Thomas and Cary Harris will be the
top candidates at cornerback .
The defensive line remains solid , losing only senior Frostee Rucker .
Defensive
ends Jeff Schweiger and Kyle Moore assume far bigger roles
at defensive end and make the Trojans bigger and more
athletic .
Defensive end Lawrence Jackson , despite being nearly invisible against Texas , will
be projected as an All-American candidate next season .
But more than names and faces , next year 's USC team also
battles expectations .
A 37-2 record the past three seasons means
no one on the current roster knows what it means
to lose three games in a single season .
USC opens at Arkansas ( where Coach Houston Nutt no doubt remembers
the Trojans throwing play-action touchdown passes with a 63-17 lead )
and the second game is against Alamo Bowl-winner Nebraska .
Even Carroll acknowledged it 's tougher to get back to the top
than staying there .
" I like the burden , I have n't had a problem with the
burden , " Carroll said .
" Is it harder to stay there or
get there ?
We 'll find out now , but we did n't have
a problem staying there . "
