Almost three weeks ago , poultry started dying in
biblical numbers in Diyadin , a village near here in eastern
Turkey , said Mehmet Yenigun , who lives in Diyadin .
Within two
days , all the birds in the village , thousands of them ,
were dead .
Alarmed farmers rushed to local officials to report the plague and
to seek help .
One official was away on vacation .
Another ,
the regional veterinarian , said someone would come to investigate .
Farmers
were told not to worry , Yenigun recalled .
Like most of his neighbors , Yenigun did what farmers have done
for centuries in these hills .
He , his wife and their
six children plucked and ate their 12 dead birds .
He
threw two pigeons over the fence .
" I do n't know , maybe
dogs carried them off , " he said , possibly spreading infection elsewhere .
This weekend Turkish officials finally reported an outbreak of bird flu
in Agri province , which includes Diyadin , though they have not
yet reported one in Diyadin itself .
The slow response has helped the disease take hold in the
vast eastern reaches of Turkey , allowing the disease to move
from village to village unchecked and -- within the last
week -- from birds to people , as well .
Fourteen human
cases are now confirmed in the country , although five reported
by the Health Ministry on Monday are considered "preliminary positives "
by the World Health Organization , said Maria Cheng , an agency
spokeswoman .
None of Yenigun 's six children fell ill .
But here in Dogubayazit ,
Zeki Kocyigit and his wife have buried three of their
four children , dead from bird flu .
The fourth , a 5-year-old
who is presumed to have caught the disease from playing
with the family 's eight birds , returned home Monday night after
more than a week in the hospital .
" The unfortunate thing about Turkey is that people died before officials
realized that there was bird flu in the regions , " said
Dr.
Ahmet Faik Oner , head of pediatrics at Van Hospital ,
who took care of the three siblings who died and
is now treating seven people with confirmed cases of bird
flu .
" If the outbreak was noticed earlier and necessary precautions
were taken immediately , things could have developed differently . "
Sitting on a bed in her tidy cement two-room house on
the outskirts of this bustling town bordering Iran , Mrs. Kocyigit
shook her head and sobbed .
Mr. Kocyigit later said they
had not heard of bird flu in late December when
their children fell ill .
" Of course , my children played with our chickens , " he said .
" They
are children . "
Many residents now regard the children as martyrs whose deaths finally
called attention to the outbreaks in their villages .
" Did we
really need to have children die to have officials pay
attention to us ? " Yenigun asked .
A team from the WHO initially concluded that the cases in
eastern Turkey had been caused by "direct contact with diseased
poultry , " Cheng said .
But she added , " We are certainly still
investigating the possibility of human-to-human transmission . "
Scientists fear that the
virus could mutate and begin to pass between humans , a
development that could bring about a global epidemic .
The tallies on bird flu in Turkish animals are somewhat inconsistent ,
international officials said , but are clearly growing rapidly .
By this
time last week , only two or three locations had reported
outbreaks .
As of Monday , animals in 12 cities were confirmed
to have the disease , stretching from Van in the far
east to Bursa , near Istanbul , 1,000 miles away .
In response ,
106,000 birds have been killed as a precaution , the Agriculture
Ministry said .
Beyond that , Muammer Guler , the governor of Istanbul , announced Monday that
birds in three of the city 's districts had fallen ill
with the virus , although it was not yet clear if
it was the dreaded H5N1 strain , which has sickened humans
in East Asia and now in Europe .
China confirmed its eighth human infection from bird flu on Monday ,
while Indonesian officials are awaiting confirmation that a 12th person
in that country had died of the disease , Reuters reported .
There are dozens more people under observation for possible bird flu
in Turkish hospitals , more than two dozen in Van alone .
How the disease spread so rapidly is unclear , United Nations officials
said , and a team is now in Turkey to investigate .
But even now , here in the most seriously affected part
of the country , many residents say , control efforts are haphazard .
Mukaddes Kubilay , mayor of Dogubayazit , said village officials had become aware
that bird flu had come to the village only on
Dec.
31 , and had immediately established a crisis center to
coordinate culling .
There are almost no birds left now , she
said , though chickens can still be seen occasionally .
In theory , farmers are compensated for culled birds -- about $ 3.50
for each chicken and $ 14 for a turkey in Agri
Province .
But farmers must apply for the compensation after the
birds have been taken by authorities , and many depend on
their birds for eggs and food on a daily basis .
In Caldiran , residents reported that some people were hoarding chickens in
defiance of the ban .
" If they have 15 chickens , they
hand in 10 to keep the authorities happy , " said Nesim
Kacmaz , who owns an animal feed store .
" They still think
nothing will happen to them . "
