If Lloyd Robie had n't been awfully hard of hearing , " Jimmy who ? "
might never have become part of President Jimmy Carter 's campaign
lore .
Mr.
Robie , who died Jan . 1 of Alzheimer 's disease at age
87 , was working in the post office section of his
country store in Hooksett , N.H. , in 1975 when Carter , then
largely unknown nationally , made an early campaign visit .
" It was early in the morning , " Mr. Robie 's wife , Dorothy , said
by telephone Monday from her home in Hooksett .
Carter , she
said , had flown into Manchester , several miles south , and was
headed north to speak to the Legislature in Concord .
" They
went up the back way and , of course , they went
by the store . "
Dorothy Robie was making coffee when Carter arrived .
" He came in the back door , walked into where we were ,
and asked , ' Is Mr. Robie here ? '
I called out , ' Mr.
Robie , someone 's here to see you . " ' Carter , she said , "walked
across and said , ' Mr.
Robie , I 'm Jimmy Carter and I 'm
running for president . '
Well , Mr. Robie was deaf .
He was
wearing two hearing aids even then .
He did n't hear him
and said , 'Jimmy who ? ' So that 's where that started , and
it stuck with Carter .
All the time he was running
it was , 'Jimmy who ? " '
After the moment of confusion , " we welcomed him to the store
and he had coffee and a doughnut , " she said , and
Carter then left for his speaking engagement with the Legislature .
Soon after , a busload of reporters rolled up to the
store and wanted to know what had happened .
The couple 's daughter , Janyce Demers of Hooksett , said , " We 're used to
my father not hearing everything , so it was n't out of
the ordinary for him to holler up , 'Jimmy who ? ' But
it certainly caught on . "
Years later , the Jimmy Carter Library &amp; Museum in Atlanta opened
an exhibition in 2001 for the 25th anniversary of the
presidential campaign called , " From 'Jimmy who ? ' to ' Mr.
President . " '
Mr.
Robie 's family ran the store for 110 years , beginning when
his great-grandfather bought it in 1887 .
Mr. Robie and his
wife grew up in Hooksett and met through Grange events .
" I belonged to one in South Hooksett , and he belonged
to the one in the village , " Dorothy Robie said .
After high school , he worked as a pressman in Concord and
as a railroad brakeman and conductor .
He served in the
Army , working with the railway battalion .
The couple took over
the store when Mr. Robie 's father retired .
" We loved the store and we liked all the people , " she
said .
" It was just a real country store .
People just
felt at home .
If anything was wrong or they needed
help , they would call . "
She and her husband made one significant change , though .
" We added beer and stuff , which the other Robies never sold , "
she said - and not because Hooksett was a dry
town .
" They just did n't drink beer and they did n't sell it , " Dorothy
Robie said , laughing .
" But it got to the point where
all the stores were having it .
One day we had
a visit from our minister .
He talked with us and
he understood that in order for us to keep the
business , we would have to sell beer .
He said , ' You
can sell it , you do n't have to drink it . " '
Illnesses prompted the Robies to close the store in 1997 .
The
business reopened nearly three years ago as part of the
Robie 's Country Store Historic Preservation Corp.
Mr.
Robie died at the Merrimack County Nursing Home in Boscawen ,
after residing there for more than two years .
The couple
would have celebrated their 65th anniversary on July 5 . Dorothy
Robie still lives in the family 's Victorian on Main Street .
" He was a wonderful man and certainly inspired a lot of
people , we 're coming to know , " Demers said .
In addition to his wife and daughter , Mr. Robie leaves two
sons , George of Lincoln , Neb. , and Wayne of Allenstown , N.H. ;
seven grandchildren ; and four great-grandchildren .
A memorial service will be held at 11:30 a.m.
Saturday at
Hooksett Congregational Church .
