his 8 p.m. class in downtown Johannesburg only to find
the door blocked by a dozen or more police .
" The
apartheid law was strict now , " he said , " and we were
no longer allowed to be seen in town at night . "
He and a fellow classmate found a school in a
black township , reachable by train , where the classes ended before
nightfall .
That November , he took and passed his graduation exam in a
Johannesburg technical school .
White , Indian and mixed-race students occupied the
examination room .
Chauke and other blacks sat at desks pushed
out of the room , in the school 's hallway .
In 1960 , after he and several hundred other African National Congress
members approved the Freedom Charter in Soweto 's Kliptown neighborhood , Chauke
found himself a marked man , followed by government agents , his
house under surveillance .
He and his family left for Zimbabwe ,
where he found work in a Bulawayo clothing factory , and
he did not return until Nelson Mandela was freed from
prison in 1991 .
He did not abandon schooling -- in Zimbabwe , he took correspondence
courses in accounting and English -- but Chauke was not
seized with the idea of completing his matriculation until 1999 ,
when he resumed studies with the aim of passing grade
eight .
In 2001 , he went back to night school with
a vengeance , five days a week , doing his homework in
the corrugated-roof garage of his Diepkloof apartment in the evenings
so as to not wake his wife , Margaret .
In November , Chauke finally wrote his matrics , in a big hall
with other , much younger students .
In late December , South Africa 's
education minister flew him and Margaret to Cape Town for
a ceremony honoring students who pass the annual ordeal .
It would be nice to report that Chauke passed , too .
He
almost did .
" I 've got economics , I 've got English , I 've got
my own language , Tsongo , and I 've got history , " he said .
But his results in mathematics and accounting , he said sadly ,
were "very poor , very poor . "
So Chauke intends to try again next November .
He hopes to
enroll this month in an intensive course for the two
subjects he needs to complete matriculation .
That assumes that he
can find the 3,400 rand , or $ 540 , that he needs
to pay his fees by this month 's end , no easy
feat for an old retiree on a slim pension .
One might reasonably ask why an 84-year-old believes he needs to
pass his matrics .
Chauke 's answer lies in his garage --
two slim paperbacks , " Writing the Short Story " and " Novel Writing , "
laid atop a stack of papers next to his homework
table .
" I want to write books about the life of Africans , " he
said .
" About the way we were treated during those colonial
years .
Because I am one who lived during a very
wasted time , and people can learn from me .
" When you matriculate , or when you have a B.A. , they recognize
that this book has been written by a person who
has matured , " he said .
" It always gives dignity when you
