A flurry of television news broadcasts and newspaper articles followed , featuring
Shafer as a medical success story .
A detailed case report
also appeared in May in The Journal of Neurosurgery .
" Prior to that , we had not seen many cases " of persistent
hiccups , Payne said .
Afterward , however , chronic hiccuppers from around the country began to call .
" We now have a database of over 70 people who have
contacted our department , " and many are interested in trying the
stimulator , he said .
Few people have received the treatment , mainly because it is so
expensive , about $ 20,000 for the device and the surgery to
implant it .
Neither Medicare nor most health insurers will pay
for what they classify as an unproved use .
Smith said that he worked hard to persuade his insurer , Blue
Cross Blue Shield , to pay and that the company had
agreed to cover 80 percent of the costs .
" After I explained everything to them , " he said , including how much
they had already paid for drugs and doctors ' visits , " they
called me back and said OK . "
He remains concerned , he said , about the money , approximately $ 4,000 , that
he will need to pay out of pocket , in addition
to the repeated six-hour trips to New Orleans for follow-up
visits .
Tiel and Payne expressed frustration that they were not able to
offer free treatment to Smith and other patients .
They said
that they were writing grants and trying to obtain financing
for a clinical trial , but that research dollars for the
disorder were hard to come by .
" If it 's a cardiac arrhythmia , everyone understands , " Tiel said .
" If it 's
a hiccup , people laugh . "
Dr.
Russell K. McAllister , an assistant professor of anesthesiology and pain
medicine at the Texas A&amp;M College of Medicine-Scott &amp; White
Memorial Hospital , said , " There are few or no controlled studies
out there on hiccups treatment . "
McAllister published a case study in June in the journal Anesthesia
and Analgesia on a patient who began to hiccup after
receiving an epidural anesthetic .
He said that vagus nerve stimulation was potentially promising for some
patients .
" It certainly would n't be a first-line treatment , " he said .
" But if
you 've exhausted all other possibilities , it might be something to
consider . "
After a vagus nerve stimulator has been implanted , it is difficult
to remove completely .
Some wires typically remain attached to the
vagus nerve .
The device can also cause patients ' voices to become hoarse .
Payne and Tiel have implanted the stimulators in four hiccup patients ,
but the treatment 's effectiveness is hard to determine , even in
such a small group .
Shafer died last year .
Two other implant recipients stopped hiccupping right after receiving stimulation , but
they have apparently been lost to longer-term follow-up , Payne said .
Their charts are stranded in a building flooded by Hurricane
Katrina that remains off limits because of rampant mold .
As result , Payne remains in contact only with Smith .
When Smith 's stimulator was first turned on , "it felt like someone
shocked me , " he said .
Payne adjusted the settings , and then "he told me to count
