denying , if the role is good enough .
I 've had a
certain image since Remington ( Steele ) , " the 1980s martini-cool detective series ,
" a seminal piece in my life . "
At age 52 , however , Brosnan prefers breaking out of that box .
" It 's great fun , and that 's what you look for in
a career .
Thus the juxtaposition of ' Thomas Crown , ' the juxtaposition
of 'Evely n' ( in which he played a down-on-his-luck Irish father )
and also now this movie .
It 's all a part of
a continuum . "
Not that he is a method actor who plumbed the depths
of burnout to become Julian .
" No , I do n't want to
go that deep .
Why identify with a psychopath ? " asks Brosnan
rhetorically . " But you can find a psychologist in the L.A.P.D. ,
like I did , and she analyzed it and we sat
down and she broke it down and she was very
insightful about the world of psychopaths .
Then the rest is
from your own imagination , your own sense of intuition . "
Still , " The Matador " is a comedy .
Shepard aimed to draw audiences
into the conventions of a hit man movie , then play
with their expectations .
" I kind of wanted to give that sense that this sort
of feels familiar , but we 're subverting it , because it 's a
comedy , " says Shepard . " One of the goals was to write
a movie that 's not like every other hit-man movie , that
takes you in a place that you did n't expect it
to go .
And what you think is going to happen ,
does n't happen . "
Unexpectedly , Brosnan not only said he wanted to star in " The
Matador , " but he also wanted to produce it .
Overnight its
budget ballooned to $ 10 million .
" This was an amazing opportunity , "
says Shepard .
" It 's about being seen .
A $ 200,000 digital without
stars in it , yeah , it 's going to play film festivals ,
but this is a movie that people will see .
If
not in a theater , then they 'll catch it on HBO .
It will exist because there 's movie stars in it . "
Location shoots
Not that a $ 9.8 million increase in the budget allowed Shepard
to shoot in all the locations -- Denver , Budapest , Moscow ,
Vienna , Manila and Mexico City -- he wrote .
" Well , with
digital video we might have actually been able to go
to those places .
We filmed the whole movie in Mexico , "
says Shepard .
" We had like a stock shot of Budapest
and the rest is Mexico .
We shot Denver and the
snow in Mexico City .
We were very ingenious . "
" The Matador " was completed in time for last year 's Sundance Film
Festival , where it screened without advance word .
" Sundance was a
memorable , unforgettable event .
First of all , because I 'd never been
there before , " explains Brosnan .
" The opening night was jubilant .
The
rafters shook .
People had no idea what to expect .
And
they laughed in all the right places .
"
A bidding war among distributors ensued , and when the dust cleared ,
Miramax 's Harvey Weinstein was victorious .
But he wanted it for
his new , post-Disney company , which explains the release delay of
some 10 months .
Even after the deal , Shepard kept shepherding
