A vertical column of 10 glyphic words , uncovered last year in
ruins in Guatemala , is unreadable even by the most expert
scholars , but they know what it means -- that Maya
writing is older than once thought .
Archaeologists reported last week that the script sample , discovered at San
Bartolo , in northeastern Guatemala , is clear evidence that the Maya
were writing more than 2,300 years ago .
This is a
few centuries earlier than previous well-dated Maya writing and 600
years before the civilization 's classic period , when a decipherable writing
system became widespread .
Scholars of Maya culture and other pre-Columbian societies said the discovery
deepened the chronology of literacy 's origins in the Americas .
But
they were not sure whether it brought them any closer
to learning exactly when , where and how early American cultures
first put words into graphic form .
" This early Maya writing , " the discovery team concluded in the current
issue of the journal Science , "implies that a developed Maya
writing system was in use centuries earlier than previously thought ,
approximating a time when we see the earliest scripts elsewhere
in Mesoamerica . "
William A. Saturno , the team leader who is a Maya archaeologist
at the University of New Hampshire and Harvard , said the
study of the origins of writing in Mesoamerica , the ancient
region of Mexico and parts of Central America , was now
"likely to get more complicated in the near future as
more early texts come to light . "
Joyce Marcus , a professor at the University of Michigan and an
authority on Mesoamerican cultures , said the Maya discovery "is terrific
and does constitute some of the earliest Maya writing . "
" Every piece of early writing enriches our knowledge of the ancient
Maya , " Marcus said .
As matters stand , the Zapotec , who lived around Oaxaca , Mexico , appear
to have led the way to literacy , at least by
400 B.C. , perhaps as early as 600 B.C. Clear evidence
for Maya writing has been more recent .
A few scholars contend that the Olmec , living along the Gulf
of Mexico near Veracruz , developed a script even earlier .
Some of the confusion stems from differing definitions of writing , whether
a few symbols strung together suffice or fuller texts are
required .
But it is generally agreed that the primal writing by contemporary
groups in Mesoamerica was one of just four scripts --
Sumerian , Egyptian and Chinese are the others -- to be
invented independent of outside influences .
What may be the earliest Maya words turned up in the
same ruins where the same archaeologists reported last month finding
a richly colored mural depicting the culture 's mythology of creation
and kingship .
The mural is one of the earliest examples
of Maya art , dated about 100 B.C.
Boris Beltran , an archaeologist at the University of San Carlos in
Guatemala , was exploring deeper in the ruins of a pyramid ,
down several layers of debris and time below the mural
chamber .
There he came on the Maya glyphs painted in
black on white plaster .
A scribe apparently drew the characters along a subtle pinkish-orange stripe
as a guideline .
Radiocarbon analysis of charcoal associated with the inscription dated the written
words to as early as 300 B.C.
The column , Saturno
said , was presumably part of a text associated with a
nearby work of art that included a painted image of
the maize god .
The style of the painting was distinct from later Maya art ,
and the glyphs were more archaic and abstract than later
Maya writing .
This has been frustrating for David Stuart , a professor of Mesoamerican
art and writing at the University of Texas , a member
of the discovery team .
Stuart said the glyphs had distinctive Maya characteristics and were " the
earliest firmly dated Maya writing . "
But he and others were
able to decipher just one symbol , the one meaning "ruler "
or "lord " or possibly anyone of noble status .
" It 's the same script , " Stuart said .
" But it was written several
centuries before the full Maya script that we can read .
It makes it tough .
I do n't think we will be
able to read this anytime soon . "
The exact meaning of the other nine glyphs will probably remain
obscure , he said , until additional and longer texts are found
from the same time in Maya history .
Then there may
be enough specimens , he said , to compare with later decipherable
glyphs and "make some tentative connections with things we are
familiar with . "
The discovery at San Bartolo is expected to inspire archaeologists to
search for other examples of Mesoamerican writing from this period
or earlier .
Previous ideas about the relationships of Olmec , Zapotec
and Maya writing are giving way to new thinking .
" Now it is looking like a lot of Mesoamerican cultures came
up with writing at about the same period , " Stuart said .
" They all were in contact with each other , building cities ,
trading , telling their history and ideology through script and art . "
Marcus cited recent excavations that produced monuments with Zapotec writing as
early as 600 B.C. , and even though the Mesoamerican cultures
were in frequent contact with one another , she pointed out
the individuality of their writing systems .
" What is of great interest , " she said , "is that Zapotec writing
is distinctive and Maya writing is distinctive , and each has
its own genesis . "
