People could debate whether Chuck Browning was born a gay cowboy
or chose to become one .
After all , he did lead
a different lifestyle for many years before he came to
grips with his inner Western tendencies and settled on a
Phoenix ranch tending horses .
And also realized he was attracted to members of his own
sex .
It would seem , judging by the reaction - and giggles -
over the film ( beginitalic)Brokeback Mountain , ( enditalic ) that it is the
cowboy portion of Browning 's life that is surprising , not his
sexuality .
Had the film been the love story between two hairdressers , it
might not have raised an eyebrow .
People seem willing to
accept the idea that two men can have a relationship ,
but not this challenge to their perception of a macho
American icon .
Browning , a sturdily built 42-year-old , does n't think about that each morning
as he rises with the sun , dons his jeans and
work shirt , and feeds his three horses .
But those stereotypical
perceptions , of both heterosexuals and homosexuals , caused confusion for him
growing up .
He nearly followed the movie 's painful script , where
both cowboy characters marry and start families .
" That goes on a lot now , " Browning said , " Not just in
the cowboy sector , that goes on everywhere . "
Browning was raised in rural Casper , Wyo. , before moving to Arizona .
As a boy , he rode horses and aided as much
as he could in cattle roundups .
When he saw ( beginitalic)Brokeback
Mountain , ( enditalic )it brought back memories of the mountains and open
landscapes .
It also brought back other memories .
" Growing up in Casper , everybody puts up with the jokes about
fags and gays and all that stuff , " he said , leaning
on a fence , surveying his horses .
When he first realized he might be gay , during college in
Montana , he thought , " People say all these horrible things .
There 's
no way in God they 're going to accept me . "
He also second-guessed his sexuality because he could n't identify with what
he saw as typical gay life .
One of the few
openly gay men in Montana was a lifeguard who Browning
said he could n't relate to because he was more effeminate
than he was .
" I started to ( think ) , ' Well , it 's probably where I am , but
I 'm not like him so , maybe I 'm not . '
" You go through a lot of self-analysis , " Browning said .
" I 'm not
the typical stereotypical gay person .
What 's wrong with me ?
And
so then you start to think , well , maybe you 're not .
" It takes a while to get through all that crap to
figure out ( that ) I 'm just a gay person who likes
the Western lifestyle and likes horses . "
When he graduated from college , he came to Phoenix .
He was
still coming to grips with his sexual orientation .
He also
had a girlfriend and was entertaining thoughts of marriage .
" I was capable and functional and knew that could have happened , "
he said .
" But I think when I moved down here
and realized a little more about myself and became more
accepting of myself , I realized that probably would n't have lasted . "
Browning wonders how many gay cowboys there are in Wyoming and
Montana , or even Arizona , who remain closeted and outwardly heterosexual .
" There are straight men out there who have another side to
them {hellip} .
They find themselves living a life that 's not their
life , " he said .
" I could n't do that .
I know other
people can . "
Browning lived in a townhouse in the middle of Phoenix for
a few years .
But he also bought a horse he
boarded .
Then another , and another .
He started looking for ranch
property and found it .
He now has a slice of clear blue sky and open
land just outside the urban portion of Phoenix .
" There 's a peace and a solitude , " he said .
He 's raised two
of his horses from birth , training them as they grew
up .
" I 'm sure I did n't do things perfectly , but if
you have a calm hand and are patient with them ,
they 'll do anything for you . "
His three horses are used for barrel riding , one of the
events in next weekend 's gay rodeo at Rawhide .
Browning will
compete in several events , including roping and bull riding .
" I have a pink rope , " he joked .
Browning does not have
a pink rope .
Browning praised the accuracy of ( beginitalic)Brokeback Mountain(enditalic ) , not just in its
portrayal of the struggle gay men can feel in accepting
their sexuality , but also its portrayal of cowboy life .
The
equipment and attire were right on , he said .
Those kind
of details will be appreciated by gay cowboys , Browning said ,
who live , as he does , just outside urban areas in
the West .
" There 's a lot of friends who I know who do ( the
rodeo ) circuit , and they 're on the outskirts of larger cities
where they can still do their cowboy thing , but they 're
also close enough to the city , " he said .
The rodeo is a place for those men to reconnect with
their rural roots , to outwardly display the cowboy and cattle
lure in their blood that they might not be so
free to show the rest of the year .
Others , though , are from big cities back East .
They were n't born
into the cowboy life .
They 're just curious .
