training film was discovered , full of tantalizing hints about the
nature of the experiment on the island .
Channel 4 , the British network that broadcasts Lost , has a spooky
bunch of video-clip puzzles at www.channel4.com/entertainment/tv/microsites/L/lost/main .html .
ALL ABOUT LOST
Lost has such an enormous online presence that there are sites
that guide fans to all the other sites .
One of
the most comprehensive is lostlinks .net ,
run by Mark Bishop .
LostLinks catalogs everything from episode transcripts to message boards , from translations
of Jin and Sun 's Korean conversations and Jack 's Chinese-character tattoos
to the " Get Hurley Some Lovin' Petition , " asking the series '
creators to rustle up a honey for the show 's big
man .
Bishop , a New Jersey resident who works in information technology , started
LostLinks just three or four episodes into the show 's first
season .
" I had never visited a message board before , but I decided
to check out the official ABC forums after stumbling across
the official Lost Web site .
I was fascinated by the
depth of the conversations , " he wrote in an e-mail .
When he started Googling Lost sites , he found so many that
he created LostLinks as a clearinghouse .
Bishop also runs lostinoahu.com ,
with information on shooting locations for the show and cast
members ' hangouts in Hawaii .
At its peak , Bishop says , LostLinks was getting up to half
a million hits a month .
At the beginning of the
second season , he announced he was shutting it down , but
he got so many pleas from fans and other Web
masters that he relented , although he has scaled back the
time he spends on it .
The two sites still get
75,000 to 100,000 hits per month .
" The Lost fan base grew very fast , and the number of
Lost-related Web sites is almost astronomical , " Bishop says .
" I think
that response has a lot to do with the large ,
diverse cast , which makes fans from different backgrounds feel like
they are part of the show .
And fans really do
feel like they are part of the show , tracking down
clues and formulating theories .
It 's almost a pseudo-reality for some .
But who has n't dreamed of being stranded on a tropical
island ? "
Lost sites are n't just about Sawyer 's abs or what Walt 's ghost
says when you play the audio backward .
Just ask Amy Bauer , an assistant professor of music theory at
the University of California Irvine and the Web master for
the Society for the Study of Lost at loststudies.com .
" As
an academic who likes pop culture , I became enamored of
the early X-Files enough to write a paper on it ,
and then became involved in Buffy ( the Vampire Slayer ) studies , "
she writes in an e-mail .
She became active on www.losttv-forum.com ,
which was online months before the show began and which
Bauer calls " the premier site on the Web" for Lost
discussion .
" I was amazed at the high quality of discourse surrounding this
show , " she says .
" There were people from all walks of
life - scientists , journalists , engineers , English majors ( not just fanboys
and girls ) asking intelligent questions about the show and probing
