David E. Rosenbaum , a retired reporter and editor for
The New York Times , who for more than 35 years
wrote about the intersection of politics , economics and government policy
with uncommon depth , clarity and a keen eye for the
story behind the story , died Sunday .
He was 63 .
His death was caused by a brain injury suffered when he
was struck in the head and robbed Friday night while
walking near his home in northwest Washington , police officials and
his family members said .
Rosenbaum served at various times as chief congressional correspondent , chief domestic
policy correspondent , chief economics correspondent , assistant news editor and business
editor in the Washington bureau of The Times .
For years , he was the specialist of an occasional Times feature
called the Fine Print , which dissected hidden , confusing or hypocritical
details of legislation that was pending or just passed .
Rosenbaum joined The Times in 1968 , after working at The St .
Petersburg Times in Florida , a chain of suburban newspapers in
London and Congressional Quarterly , and he worked in the Washington
bureau for all but three years in the early 1980s
when he was the paper 's special projects editor in New
York .
He retired last month , but kept his old desk ,
and planned to keep contributing articles to the paper about
politics and politicians .
" He was a reporter with a deep understanding of policy , and
of the interaction between policy and politics , " said Robert D.
Reischauer , the former head of the Congressional Budget Office and
a frequent news source .
" All of us tend to speak
in jargon .
He would say : ' Come on !
Explain it , explain . '
He would get enough from several of us to then
turn it into something the average reader would find understandable
and interesting .
He was one who wanted to peel back
the layers of the onion from the smooth and superficial
that the spinmeisters would like us to think is the
real world , to the core that makes your eyes start
to cry . "
Rosenbaum shared the George Polk Award for national reporting for his
coverage of the 1990 budget deal in which the first
President George Bush abandoned his pledge not to raise taxes .
He covered a sweeping range of other long-running stories , from
the Senate Watergate hearings of 1973 to the Iran-Contra hearings
of 1987 to more recent debates over trade , taxes , tobacco ,
energy , Medicare and Social Security .
Rosenbaum was born on March 1 , 1942 , in Miami and grew
up in Tampa , Fla. , where his father founded a citrus
cannery .
He received his bachelor 's degree from Dartmouth College in
1963 and a master 's in journalism from Columbia University in
1965 .
For more than 25 years , he was a member
of the steering committee of the Reporters Committee for the
Freedom of the Press , a nonprofit organization devoted to protecting
the First Amendment and reporters ' legal rights .
He is survived by his wife , Virginia , a researcher at the
Investor Responsibility Research Center and the author of several books
on corporate governance ; a daughter , Dorothy , of Bethesda , Md. ; a
son , Daniel , of Washington ; a brother , Marcus , of Washington , a
senior editor at National Public Radio ; and two grandchildren .
