William F. Haxby , who created the first maps of the ocean
floor to be based on satellite measurements of the water 's
surface and became a master at translating complicated marine data
into comprehensible visual displays , died on Wednesday at his home
in Westwood , N.J .
He was 56 .
The cause was apparently a heart attack , said James V. Haxby ,
a brother .
Haxby , a research scientist at the Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory at Columbia
University since 1978 , used computers to sift streams of data
from satellites and other sensors and produce images revealing hidden
ocean features or phenomena like the drifting of Arctic sea
ice .
" Bill peeled back the surface of the ocean for us , " said
Robin Bell , a colleague at the observatory .
" His maps launched
countless expeditions and formed the framework for studies of the
ocean floor for two decades . "
His signal achievement , several ocean scientists said , was the first global
"gravity field " map of the world 's oceans , created in 1983
using measurements of the height of the sea surface collected
five years earlier by a satellite called Seasat that carried
a then-new type of downward-pointing radar that could create images .
Dimples and humps in the sea , not discernible up close
but detectable with satellites , are generated by variations in Earth 's
gravitational field that are created by seabed features like seamounts ,
chasms and ridges .
Before the gravity maps , three-dimensional charts of the seafloor were drawn
largely by using thousands of individual soundings taken over the
centuries from ships -- a method involving much guesswork and
leaving vast gaps .
Haxby led a small team that "invented the method to convert
millions of arcane satellite observations into quantitative grids and then
exquisite images , " said David T. Sandwell , a researcher at the
Scripps Institution of Oceanography in San Diego .
" Major volcanic chains such as the Louisville Ridge and Foundation Seamounts
had been barely detected by sparse ship soundings , yet they
were elegantly and accurately displayed on Bill 's gravity maps , " Sandwell
said , referring to two seamount chains in the Pacific Ocean .
William Fulton Haxby was born in Minneapolis and studied geophysics at
the University of Minnesota and at Cornell and Oxford .
His entire career was spent at Lamont-Doherty , where colleagues often marveled
at his ability to turn reams of data into colorful
maps and animation that conveyed far more meaning than words
or numbers .
One map showed the effect of a 16-foot rise in sea
levels on Florida .
Such a shift is projected if either
Greenland 's ice sheet or that of West Antarctica eventually melts .
Everything south of Lake Okeechobee would become submerged .
In addition to his brother James , Haxby is survived by his
companion of 15 years , Miriam Colwell ; his mother , Mary Haxby ;
a daughter , Jane Haxby ; another brother , Robert ; and a sister ,
Mary Haxby .
Some of Haxby 's most recent work , done with Prof. Stephanie Pfirman
of Barnard College , was a set of animations depicting how
old , thick sea ice periodically builds in the Arctic Ocean
and then is expelled past Greenland into the Atlantic .
They
are posted at marine-geo.org.gallery .
" He was amazing at making physical processes come to life , " Pfirman
said .
" When I showed the animation to my family over
the holidays , they said that for the first time they
realized how the ice moved in the Arctic .
They had
heard me talk about it for years , but through Bill 's
animation they could finally see it . "
