Stanley R. Tupper , an independent voice who represented Maine in Congress
from 1961 to 1967 , died Friday in a hospital in
Boothbay Harbor , Maine , his hometown .
He was 84.
A Republican , Mr. Tupper was known as a strong advocate of
the fishing industry and a supporter of the Coast Guard .
He also developed a reputation as a renegade in the
Republican ranks .
He was one of two Republican sponsors for
the Medicare Act in 1965 .
He also supported the civil
rights and voting rights efforts of the mid-1960s .
In 1964 , Nelson Rockefeller named him campaign manager in New England
in his bid for the presidency .
Rockefeller lost the nomination
to Barry Goldwater , and Mr. Tupper broke with Republicans and
declined to back the conservative senator from Arizona .
When Lyndon Johnson won the election in a landslide and broke
the GOP 's decades-long hold on Maine politics , Mr. Tupper was
the only prominent Republican to win his election in the
state .
He left Congress when President Johnson named him US commissioner general
with the rank of ambassador to the Canadian World Exhibition
in 1967 .
Mr.
Tupper led a life of distinguished service , US Senator Olympia
Snowe , a Republican from Maine , and former Maine Governor John
McKernan said in a statement .
A native of Boothbay Harbor , Mr. Tupper graduated from Hebron Academy
in Maine and attended Middlebury College in Vermont .
He served in the Navy from 1944 to 1946 and earned
a law degree from LaSalle Extension University in Chicago .
Mr.
Tupper served in the Maine Legislature in 1953 and 1954
and later held posts as assistant attorney general and state
commissioner of sea and shore fisheries .
After leaving Capitol Hill ,
he returned to Maine and shared a law practice with
his wife , Jill Kaplan Tupper .
Although he never again ran for office - he never actually
lost an election - Mr. Tupper remained an independent voice
in Maine politics .
He was a leading opponent of the
Maine Yankee nuclear plant in Wiscasset .
In 1992 , he supported
Bill Clinton for president , declining to back President Bush , despite
his ties to Kennebunkport .
Among his proudest accomplishments was organizing the Boothbay Regional Lobstermen 's Co-Op ,
Mrs.
Tupper said .
He also co-wrote a book that analyzed US-Canadian relations and wrote
a collection of memoirs .
But the most fun he ever had on the job , Mr.
Tupper told his wife , was when he was a border
patrolman in Texas and Maine .
" He was 21 , they gave him a Stetson , a horse , and
a badge , and no other job ever quite measured up
to that , " his widow said .
In addition to his wife , Mr. Tupper leaves a son and
daughter .
At his request , there will be no funeral service .
Material from wire services was used in this obituary .
