particularly close to DeLay , but the White House had come
to admire DeLay 's ability to muscle the administration 's agenda reliably
through the House .
And Bush had publicly exhibited loyalty to and support for DeLay
on a number of occasions over the last year as
his fellow Texan 's legal and political troubles mounted ; last month ,
the president told Fox News that he believed DeLay to
be innocent of the charges filed against him in Texas
and that he was hoping DeLay would resume his role
as majority leader .
Congressional aides said the election to choose a permanent replacement for
DeLay was tentatively scheduled for Feb. 2 , but both Blunt
and Boehner were trying to wrap up the contest quickly
by obtaining pledges from at least 116 members -- a
majority of the current Republican membership of 231 .
" I 've got of lot of phone numbers , a lot of e-mail
addresses , " Boehner said in an interview on the Fox News
Channel .
" But so far , so good . "
Boehner served as conference chairman , the No. 4 position in the
leadership , after Republicans seized control of the House in 1994 .
But he lost the job in 1998 during a leadership
shakeup that sent Republicans looking for new faces at the
top .
Since then , he has concentrated on legislation , using his
committee chairmanship to develop major education and pension bills .
Blunt was brought into the leadership in 1999 when DeLay made
him chief deputy whip .
He took the No. 3 whip
position when DeLay was promoted to majority leader in 2002 .
The last few months were challenging for Blunt as he
led House Republicans in DeLay 's absence , struggling to reach consensus
on budget issues .
Blunt will try to persuade his colleagues
that narrow approval of the measures last month earned him
the job .
Republican officials said both men would also have to reassure colleagues
that they would not take a leadership slot only to
be caught up later in the scandal surrounding Jack Abramoff ,
the onetime close associate of DeLay who pleaded guilty last
week to a series of federal charges tied to his
lobbying operations .
(STORY CAN END HERE.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS. )
For now , House Republicans say the only position to be decided
is majority leader .
But if Blunt wins , it would spur
an election for whip .
Aides to Rep. Eric Cantor of
Virginia , currently the deputy whip , said Sunday that he had
already received more than 90 pledges of support .
But others ,
including Reps .
Mike Rogers of Michigan , a former FBI agent ,
and Zach Wamp of Tennessee were considered possible contenders .
House Republican aides said Hastert and Dreier were open to a
broad array of changes in lobbying rules and hoped to
meet with Sen. John McCain , R-Ariz. , the author of his
own proposal , as well as with Democrats who have introduced
initiatives .
But Boehner , in his Fox interview , said "adding more new rules
is n't the answer . "
Other lawmakers expressed a similar view .
Democrats said they were watching to see if Republicans were serious
about the lobbying effort .
Rep. Rahm Emanuel of Illinois , chairman
