surveillance cameras in high-crime areas and Baltimore detectives have sharpened
their focus on repeat offenders .
" We have established lists in all of our police districts of
those repeat violent offenders who have been causing us the
most trouble and we 've gone after them , " said Matt Jablow ,
a police spokesman in Baltimore , where the homicide count dropped
about 3 percent last year .
In other cities where homicides
went down , however , officials said they could not pinpoint a
reason .
" You ca n't tie it to staffing levels , you ca n't tie it
into anything like that , " said Officer Catherine Kent , police spokeswoman
in Portland , Ore. , where homicides fell to 22 in 2005
from 28 in 2004 .
" It 's just an unpredictable crime . "
The difficulty of establishing why homicides are increasing in some cities
and dropping in others , specialists say , underscores the challenges facing
cities such as Boston , Milwaukee , and Memphis in trying to
reverse double-digit percentage increases in homicides .
Professor Alfred Blumstein , a criminologist at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh ,
said that compared with a decade ago , when violent crime
was plummeting across the country , the national trend is now
mixed .
Blumstein said the surge in violent crime has been fueled in
some places by " a greater willingness to use extreme violence , "
especially among young people .
David Kennedy , director of the Center for Crime Prevention and Control
at John Jay College of Criminal Justice in New York ,
said it often takes one killing to set off a
series in cities like Boston plagued by gangs .
As a
result , homicide rates can spiral out of control quickly .
" The streets in this hard-core population we 're talking about are a
tinderbox and it can take very little to set them
ablaze , " he said .
Police have blamed the uptick in Boston on more teenage males
on the streets , a wider availability of guns , a culture
of retaliation , and a lagging economy , among other reasons , but
Kennedy said the reasons for an increase can be much
more visceral .
" It 's respect , it 's boy-girl , it 's back-and-forth vendettas , " he said .
In Milwaukee , where homicides increased by 38 percent to 122 last
year , officials have impaneled a commission to investigate what 's fueling
the increase there .
" We have no identifiable trend we can point to , " said Lieutenant
William Jessup .
" We started a homicide review commission comprised of
various agencies to help us determine what the root causes
are . "
El Paso had an increase of three homicides in 2005 to
14 , but with 2.4 homicides per 100,000 people it boasts
the lowest rate among cities close in size to Boston .
Lieutenant Alfred Lowe credited a strengthened homicide unit and more attention
to specific types of murders .
In the early 1990s , for example , most homicides in the border
city were gang-related drive-by shootings .
The department responded by creating teams to focus on solving drive-by
killings , Lowe said .
Andrea Estes , Donovan Slack , and Russell Contreras of the Globe staff
contributed .
Suzanne Smalley can be reached at ssmalleyglobe .com .
Maria Cramer
can be reached at mcramerglobe .com .
