Before the governor could even tell voters about
his massive public works plan last week , Southern California political
leaders were making the case for spending billions on new
roads and transit systems .
The Southern California Association of Governments held a press conference seven
hours before Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger 's State of the State speech
Thursday to announce it was , for the first time ever ,
giving a failing grade to the six-county region 's transportation system .
" This is truly a call to action , " Executive Director Mark Pisano
told a bank of television cameras .
" This report card is
not a report card I or anybody else would want
to take home . "
For at least the last two decades , the association said , Southern
California has recorded the most traffic congestion of any region
in the country .
Rush-hour commuters in Los Angeles and Orange counties experienced an average
of 93 hours of delay in 2003 , the last year
for which figures are available .
And traffic jams cost the
region an estimated $ 12 billion that year .
" It 's the pits , " said Toni Young , the association 's president and a
Port Hueneme City Council member .
" You just do n't want to
go out on the road if you do n't have to .
It 's getting ridiculous . "
She was among several Southern California leaders giving a more favorable
reception to the Republican governor 's $ 222 billion public works proposal
than lawmakers who are worried about paying for the massive
program .
As the state 's most heavily populated region , Southern California stands to
get the most money under the governor 's plan .
As lawmakers and the governor debate which bond plans to put
before voters , local officials will lobby for a bigger say
in how the money is spent .
They said they would also urge Sacramento political leaders to use
this opportunity to improve the planning process and streamline environmental
reviews for public works .
" We are approaching the bonds not just as an opportunity to
make up lost time , but also as an opportunity to
address multiple issues at once , " said Alex Padilla , a Los
Angeles City Council member and League of California Cities president .
Among the issues he wants addressed are affordable housing , air quality
and sprawl .
" It 's driven by the need to be responsible to voters , " he
said .
" Are we going to choose projects that are well
thought-out or based on political posturing ? "
The Southern California Association of Governments , for instance , is proposing more
intensive development along transit routes and other transportation corridors to
encourage mass transit use , limit sprawl and lower housing costs .
The governor did n't propose any housing bonds , but Democratic legislators
have .
They 're also asking the governor to provide more transportation money to
communities developing such plans and to provide more financing for
developing regional plans .
EDITORS : STORY CAN END HERE
Pisano , the Southern California association 's director , said the state spends $ 30
million to $ 50 million a year on planning but vastly
more -- $ 500 million to $ 1 billion a year --
on environmental impact reports .
He urged lawmakers to change the environmental review process to reduce
the costs and delays associated with it .
Bill Allayaud , Sierra Club of California state director , said environmentalists oppose
such changes for highways .
He said they would support streamlining
environmental reviews for urban housing and other projects built in
already developed areas .
Allayaud said environmentalists have been working with state and local officials
to develop the bond proposals because improving public works will
improve the economy and state revenues .
" Without a strong economy and a strong state budget , environmental programs
do n't get funded , " he said .
Allayaud also said relieving traffic congestion around the Los Angeles-Long Beach
port complex could improve the air quality in one of
the most polluted parts of the state .
The Southern California Association of Governments has proposed building a truck
toll road to move goods quickly from the ports while
also lowering pollution and traffic congestion .
The governor 's plan calls for partnerships with the private sector in
building toll roads and other facilities .
But it does n't specifically
address the truck tollway proposal .
It calls for nearly $ 2.5 billion in carpool lanes , mass transit
and other improvements in Southern California .
Included in that is
$ 290 million for inner-city rail , a figure Los Angeles County
Metropolitan Transportation Authority board member Richard Katz called " a good
start . "
He said the authority would also need money to operate and
maintain new trains and tracks , and that 's not part of
the governor 's plan .
Katz , a former chairman of the Assembly Transportation Committee , also called
for changing the state 's transportation funding formulas to make sure
Los Angeles does n't get shortchanged .
But he urged local officials to be "realistic " and avoid seeking
too much in new policy initiatives from the bond package
the governor and lawmakers hope to put on the June
ballot .
" They should n't look at this as an opportunity to solve every
problem , " he said .
" If they do , we will never see
a bond measure . "
