Kelly Pavlik has not been able to crack the starting lineup
on boxing 's two largest networks -- HBO and Showtime --
and promoter Bob Arum said some of that has to
do with Pavlik being white .
Pavlik , of Youngstown , Ohio , is 27-0 with 24 knockouts .
He is
a top 10 middleweight whose highest ranking is in the
World Boxing Organization at No. 3.
Pavlik has never fought on HBO , or on one of Showtime 's
main cards .
Pavlik has fought on ShoBox , a minor-league version
of Showtime Boxing designed for up-and-coming fighters .
Pavlik also has
fought on ESPN.
Pavlik , 23 , will take on Jose Luis Zertuche ( 17-2-2 , 13 KOs )
of Mexico on Jan . 21 on the undercard of Erik
Morales-Manny Pacquiao II at Thomas &amp; Mack Center in Las
Vegas .
The card will be available on HBO pay-per-view , but
Arum was quick to point out that HBO is only
carrying this telecast , it is not footing the money for
it .
Arum is , so he picks the fighters .
Arum , who promotes Pavlik , said the perception many have for white
fighters is partially responsible for Pavlik being overlooked .
That , Arum
said , and Pavlik 's overall ability that includes a powerful punch .
Arum said that during a meeting with HBO executives about a
year ago , he brought up Pavlik in an effort to
try to get him a fight on the network .
" They all laughed at me because there is a perception with
boxing network guys , with boxing people , that if you are
a white guy , you ca n't fight , " Arum said last week
during a conference call .
" But that is not the case with Kelly , and Kelly Pavlik
will fight anybody in the middleweight division . "
Ross Greenburg , president of HBO Sports , hammered Arum when contacted by
the Daily News .
He said Pavlik 's name has come up
in the past , and that he would have no problem
approving him as an opponent in a big fight .
" It is a disgraceful and undignified remark by a disturbed man , "
Greenburg said of Arum 's comments regarding white fighters .
" That is
pretty much all we have to say .
It is sad .
This has nothing to do with race . "
Arum went on to say that he does n't believe the network
executives mean any malice toward white fighters .
" It is not that the people at the networks are bad
people , " Arum said .
" They judge ( fighters ) by their color or
racial background , and the general tendency is that white guys
ca n't fight .
Therefore , it is much tougher for a white
guy to break through than if Kelly was a different
race . "
Race aside , Pavlik is just the sort of fighter a promoter
of a champion might want to avoid .
Not only does
he have 24 knockouts in 27 fights , he is 6-foot-3 ,
which makes him an even tougher nut to crack .
Arum said he would like Pavlik to next fight Jermain Taylor ,
who holds three of the four middleweight belts , but doubts
he can get the deal done .
Arum also said he
offered Pavlik as an opponent to top contender Winky Wright ,
but that Wright 's promoter , Gary Shaw , "almost fainted " when Pavlik 's
name was mentioned .
" The guy we want to fight , who I 'm confident he ( Pavlik )
can beat , is Jermain Taylor , " Arum said .
" But here is
the problem , and it 's a problem that permeates boxing : The
Taylor people will not fight Kelly Pavlik at this point
because they are afraid of him and they are afraid
of him because he presents a real challenge .
" He has tremendous knockout power .
In boxing , if you have a
champion , you try to keep him away from a puncher . "
Pavlik , who said he is not looking past Zertuche to a
shot at Taylor , Wright or anyone else , echoed Arum 's sentiments .
He said it perturbs him when he hears people describe
him as being a " good white fighter . "
" It kind of upsets me a little bit , " Pavlik said .
" I
think I am just an overall good fighter .
A lot
of the networks , they do n't want to see a lot
of white fighters because of the reputation that white fighters
do n't win a lot of titles .
" But if you look out there , there are a lot of
good white fighters .
White fighters are making a comeback . "
MAYWEATHER-JUDAH STILL POSSIBLE : Despite an absolutely horrible performance by Zab Judah
in his loss to unknown Carlos Baldomir on Saturday at
Madison Square Garden , Arum on Sunday said the fight between
Floyd Mayweather Jr. and Judah scheduled for April 8 in
Las Vegas might still be on .
When it was signed , it was contingent upon Judah defeating Baldomir .
But Judah shockingly lost his WBC , WBA and IBF welterweight
belts by dropping a unanimous decision to Baldomir , who took
only the WBC belt because he did not want to
pay three separate sanctioning fees .
" Don King called me ( Sunday ) , " Arum said of Judah 's promoter , " and
he wants to keep it on .
I do n't know what
Floyd is thinking .
I would think , probably , it would be
off .
But maybe not , I do n't know .
" Maybe Floyd fights this Baldomir . "
Arum agreed the fight lost plenty of gusto by Judah losing
to Argentina 's Baldomir , who did not possess half Judah 's talent .
" I agree with you , " he said .
" We would have to reduce
the purses dramatically .
We are not going to make a
decision today .
Sometime during the week .
Needless to say , everybody
is in a state of shock . "
Arum said he was so convinced Judah would win easily Saturday ,
that he did n't even watch the fight .
He said that
had Judah won , Mayweather was scheduled to make $ 6 million
plus upside from pay-per-view revenue and Judah would have made
$ 3 million plus upside for their fight .
After his loss , Judah had the nerve to blame King .
He
said King ran him ragged by having him go around
New York doing various interviews .
First time we 've heard that
one .
