The lawyer for Joseph L. Druce , charged with killing a former
priest who was being held for pedophile acts , said Sunday
that he hopes to convince jurors that Druce was insane
when he allegedly choked and beat the priest , a convicted
pedophile , to death in a state prison two years ago .
Druce 's trial is scheduled to start Monday with jury selection in
Worcester Superior Court .
Druce is accused in the August 2003
killing of John Geoghan , the former priest .
Geoghan was serving a 9- to-10-year sentence for having groped a
10-year-old boy .
The two men were placed in the same protective custody unit
at the maximum-security Souza-Baranowski Correctional Center in Shirley , where Druce ,
who was serving a life sentence for another murder , allegedly
strangled Geoghan and then is reported to have stomped on
his body .
" We believe that he has a major mental illness that prevented
him from being able to conform his conduct to the
requirements of the law , " Druce 's lawyer , John H. LaChance of
Framingham , said in a telephone interview Sunday .
The Worcester district attorney , John J. Conte , could not be reached
for comment Sunday .
Prosecutors have charged Druce with first-degree murder
and have said he carefully plotted to kill Geoghan .
LaChance
has said his client 's public outbursts during a pretrial hearing
showed his explosive mental state .
The Cape and Islands district attorney , Michael O'Keefe , said that it
is generally difficult to convince a jury to acquit accused
murderers on the basis of insanity .
" Those people who commit an offense while meeting the legal test
of insanity , theoretically , should be acquitted of the offense , " he
said .
" But they should also be put in a position
where they are no longer a threat of society ...
Unfortunately , people do not trust that judges will keep them
locked up . "
LaChance acknowledged the challenge of obtaining an acquittal by reason of
insanity but said he is confident the jury will be
swayed by Druce 's past as an abuse victim .
Druce sent a letter to The Boston Globe last week outlining
a plan that the Department of Correction punish imprisoned sex
offenders who engage in "lewd and lascivious conversations regarding their
sexual activities , past , present , and future . "
" This policy should be mandated in order to prevent sex offenders
from sharing their 'sick ' experiences ... and to stop their
planning future rapes , molestations and the like on innocent men ,
women and children , " Druce wrote in his the three-page proposal
sent to the Globe .
Diane Wiffin , a Department of Correction spokeswoman , declined to say Sunday
in a telephone interview whether the agency would consider adopting
the idea .
" We 're not going to comment on anything he might have to
say , " she said .
LaChance said that he had not seen Druce 's letter , but that
he believed it was related to his client 's allegations that
he had overheard Geoghan talking about his experiences as a
sex offender .
" What it does is it goes back to some evidence that
will be introduced that Geoghan was talking with others about
his sexual conduct and what he was going to do
when he got out , " LaChance said .
LaChance said he plans to introduce witnesses , including prisoners , guards , and
a psychiatrist , who will testify about the circumstances of Geoghan 's
death and Druce 's state of mind .
" I think that once they 've heard the story of his life
basically , the history of abuse , ... that the background for
the whole thing will substantiate the mental illness that he
has , " he said .
LaChance declined to elaborate on the abuse Druce allegedly suffered .
But
Druce has disclosed many details about the alleged abuse on
his website , which features pictures of himself as a child
and as an adult and pointers on how to recognize
potential child abusers .
In a lengthy entry entitled " This is Josephs ' Story , " Druce said
teenagers sexually abused him when he was 8 or 9
years old at a residential school in which he was
placed .
Then , he said , he was abused by an older
man , who plied him with alcohol and marijuana before raping
him .
Druce was convicted of killing a man in 1989 and was
imprisoned at maximum-security Souza-Baranowski .
In April 2003 , Geoghan was transferred
from medium-security Concord State prison to Souza-Baranowski Correctional Center , which
is part of the Massachusetts Correctional Institution at Shirley .
On Aug. 23 , 2003 , Druce allegedly followed Geoghan into his cell ,
jammed the door shut , then killed him .
The death sparked
calls for a sweeping review of state prisons , including an
examination of assignments .
The department now reviews prisoner assignments carefully and has developed guidelines
for placing prisoners in protective custody , Wiffin said .
" This is
an agency in reform , " she said .
But Leslie Walker , executive director of the prisoners ' rights advocacy group
Massachusetts Correctional Legal Services , said the state has more to
do .
" Many people ... feel that [Geoghan 's ] death was preventable , " she said .
" Unfortunately , it 's only when someone dies that there is enough
attention drawn that reform can occur . "
Maria Cramer can be reached at mcramerglobe .com .
