FOR TUESDAY AMs
The following stories are on the front page of the Business
Section of the New York Times for Tuesday , Jan . 10 .
They are scheduled to move by 9 p.m. unless otherwise
noted .
For information on stories or for reruns , please call : 888-346-9867 or
212-556-1927 .
For information on NYT photos and graphics , call 888-603-1036
or 212-556-4204 .
( Lede story )
MARKET ( New York ) -- The Dow Jones industrial average crossed 11,000
on Monday for the first time since before the 9/11
terrorist attacks , buoyed by a rally that has sent share
prices higher in the first five days of trading in
2006 .
By Eric Dash .
( Top display )
JEEP-STUNT ( Detroit ) -- Chrysler , which has staged some of the most
elaborate introductions over the years , is always the talk of
the International North American Auto show for its hoopla , and
this year it is trying to outdo itself .
By Micheline
Maynard .
( Top left )
SAKS-CUTBACKS ( Undated ) -- Struggling to keep pace with its luxury rivals ,
the parent company of Saks Fifth Avenue moved Monday to
thin out its management team and put the last of
its midpriced department store chains up for sale .
By Michael
Barbaro
( Bottom left )
CAR-RENTALS-TOLLS ( Undated ) -- For business travelers who rent cars at their
destinations , automated toll-paying systems like E-ZPass are not available .
Until
now .
By Christopher Elliott .
( Bottom right )
DRESDNER-DISCRIM ( Undated ) -- Six women who are senior bankers at Dresdner
Kleinwort Wasserstein in New York and London sue the investment
bank , contending that they were sexually harassed and denied promotions .
By Jenny Anderson .
( Editors : Budgets and advisories are internal documents not for publication or
redistribution outside of client news organizations .
Unauthorized use of budgets
and advisories constitutes a violation of our contract terms .
All
clients receive all budgets , but only full-service clients receive all
stories .
Please check your level of service to determine which
stories you will receive . )
