FOXBOROUGH - The Jaguars felt disrespected and now they know why .
Jacksonville fought its underdog tag all week .
The Jaguars fought the
Patriots hard and only trailed , 7-3 , at halftime .
Then the
visitors fought themselves , collapsing in the second half of a
28-3 New England rout last night .
A game so manageable at one point turned into a complete
disaster for the Jaguars .
" We were right there in the first half , but then in
the second half , they put together a nice drive , made
some third downs , and got a score , " said Jacksonville coach
Jack Del Rio .
" We had a ball dropped [ by Jimmy
Smith ] on third down , which would have extended a drive
for us .
Instead of keeping it close , they scored , and
that 's where it got away from us . "
The Jaguars , who went 12-4 in the regular season , were correct
when they said weather would n't be a factor last night .
It was n't .
The experts were right when they said Byron
Leftwich would be rusty after not playing for six weeks .
Leftwich failed to throw a touchdown pass to his own
receivers , though he did throw one to Patriots cornerback Asante
Samuel for a 73-yard touchdown return early in the fourth
quarter .
It was evident Leftwich might have been better served
sitting this one out ( as he had the previous five
games because of a broken ankle ) and letting the more
mobile David Garrard start .
Blaming the loss on Leftwich , however , was n't something Del Rio was
prepared to do .
" Aside from the interception , I thought he played well , " Del Rio
said of Leftwich , who completed 18 of 31 passes for
179 yards .
" I thought he was accurate with the ball .
We did n't function well enough .
I thought if we tackled
and blocked we would have been in a better position .
I know that you need to play fundamentally sound in
big games and we did n't .
We had a minus-2 turnover
ratio and you need a healthy , positive ratio to win
these games . "
There were other disappointments that led to the loss .
The Jaguars , who rushed 502 times this season for a 3.9-yard
average , could not mount a running attack against the New
England 's front seven , even without Tedy Bruschi , who watched the
game on the sideline while Monty Beisel filled his spot .
Jacksonville 's leading rusher was Leftwich , who had 26 yards on
three carries .
Fred Taylor managed just 24 yards on eight
rushes .
Del Rio acknowledged his game plan was to throw the ball
a lot to try to exploit the New England 's secondary .
He felt the Patriots had a strong front seven , but
that Leftwich could get the ball to a receiving corps
that had a decided height advantage .
But dropped passes offset
any advantage the Jaguars had .
Del Rio hoped to get enough pressure on Tom Brady with
his much-heralded defensive line without blitzing .
But that strategy did n't
pan out , and , eventually , the Jaguars had to start using
linebackers and corners to blitz , leaving holes in the middle
of the field .
Middle linebacker Mike Peterson , who played with a cast on his
right wrist , could n't wrap up Benjamin Watson on a third
and 13 late in the third quarter , which would have
stopped the Patriots .
But Watson broke Peterson 's tackle and rambled
63 yards for a touchdown .
" I ai n't going to make any excuses , " Peterson said .
" I should
have made the play . "
Del Rio thought Peterson might have been affected by the cast
and said , " That 's where we could have used two healthy
hands . "
The Jaguars were also extremely unlucky .
Peterson had forced a Watson
fumble after an 8-yard reception at the Jaguars 12 , but
the loose ball was recovered by Patriots receiver Andre ' Davis ,
and from there New England extended its lead to 14-3
when Brady found David Given in the end zone from
3 yards out .
" We made a good play there and we could n't come up
with the ball , " Peterson said .
" That 's the way it went
for us all day .
We could n't make a big play
when we needed it . "
Leftwich , who was sacked four times ( three by Willie McGinest ) , was
replaced by Garrard after Samuel 's touchdown .
Leftwich was hobbling as
he tried in vain to run down Samuel .
" I started limping , " said Leftwich .
" The ankle did n't hold up in
the end , the field was so bad so Jack seen
me limping and thought it was best to get me
out of there so I would n't cause further injury to
it . "
Leftwich said the Patriots played a form of Cover-2 defense , " that
they had n't shown in the previous 10 games they 'd played . "
Leftwich said his receivers were often double-covered down the field and
he felt New England guessed right on most of Jacksonville 's
pass plays .
Leftwich said the Patriots did n't blitz him as
often as he thought they would .
" Just to be in the huddle was very exciting , " said Leftwich .
" We had some things going on in the first half
and we always find a way to answer , but we
could n't this time . "
Del Rio said he congratulated the team for a good season .
" We feel we have better football ahead of us , " he
said .
" I 'm proud of the year but disappointed for them
on the finish .
It 's not a good way to finish . "
