More than $ 1.7 million in state money for a school for
emotionally disturbed boys was allegedly used to buy season tickets
to the Red Sox , tenderloin steak and lobster , and skis
and snowboards , according to a scathing report issued Monday by
the Massachusetts auditor .
State auditor Joseph DeNucci said the audit of the private Riverside
School in Lowell , a facility for boys aged 7 to
16 , uncovered one of worst misuses of funding he has
seen in 19 years in office .
" It 's taking advantage of a program that 's well intentioned , " DeNucci said .
" I know how important these programs are .
I ca n't even
explain how anyone could do anything like this . "
Bruce A. Singal , a lawyer representing New England Human Services Inc. ,
the corporation that owned Riverside School until 2004 , called the
report "baseless . "
The company said the weekend Red Sox tickets
and sports equipment were for residential students in need of
weekend activities , food was for staff meetings and celebratory dinners ,
and the expenses were "fully justified . "
" A program simply cannot 'misuse ' significant portions of its funds and
still have one of the lowest costs in the state , "
he said in a written statement .
At most , he said ,
the auditor 's report found problems with the bookkeeping system , which
the school acknowledged .
Singal would not answer questions .
Frank Adamo , the school 's former executive director , could not be reached
for comment , despite messages left at the school and a
telephone listed at his Lynnfield address .
Many of the expenses
appeared to benefit Adamo and his family , the auditor said .
Riverside School now has 42 live-in students .
It was sold to
NFI Massachusetts in 2004 .
DeNucci urged the Department of Social Services , which had most of
the state contracts with the school , to try to recover
the money .
DSS , the Department of Early Education and Care ,
which licenses the school , and the attorney general 's office are
reviewing the audit , the agencies said .
DeNucci and New England Human Services differed sharply on the audit 's
findings , which covered July 2001 to March 2004 .
DeNucci described Riverside School as one-man operation under little oversight from
its board of directors .
The company countered that the school
managed to function with meager reimbursement from the state .
" It is greatly disappointing and regrettable that the audit staff has
chosen to overlook NEHS 's significant and lasting contributions to a
very difficult but very deserving group of students , and focus
instead on hyper-technical adherence to their own discretionary rules , " said
Singal .
The 117-page audit says Adamo paid his wife more than $ 91,000
in state funding during the three-year period for serving as
bookkeeper , though she had no formal training for the job .
Adamo also allegedly gave himself weekly bonuses averaging $ 3,200 , but
the company said the money was used for the school .
" NEHS purposefully looked for ways to save expenses in areas that
did not directly contribute to student care , such as keeping
most bookkeeping and accounting functions in-house , " Singal said .
DeNucci also cited the school for overpaying nearly $ 431,000 in rent
to the company , contending it was above market value .
But
the company said the price was fair for a specialized
facility .
The current owners of the school , NFI Massachusetts , still
lease the building from a company owned by Adamo and
said they thought the price was fair .
But they also distanced themselves from the audit , saying the allegations
occurred before they bought the school for $ 300,000 in July
2004 .
" We 're a decent , credible organization , " said executive director Steven Hahn .
