FOXBOROUGH - You could have seen it coming by checking the
game-time temperature ( 24 degress ) and the date .
Tom Brady , you see , gets hotter when the temperature gets colder
and better when the stakes are higher , such as in
last night 's AFC wild-card game against Jacksonville .
Brady stepped onto
the Gillette Stadium field 20-1 as a starter when the
temperature is less than 40 degrees and 9-0 in playoff
games .
Brady tied his franchise postseason record with three touchdown passes in
a 28-3 victory that sent the Patriots into next weekend 's
divisional round against either Indianapolis or Denver , depending the outcome
of today 's Pittsburgh-Cincinnati matchup .
Brady also set an NFL record
by winning his 10th consecutive postseason start at quarterback .
But the buzz around the Patriots ' Pro Bowler the past few
days was n't so much about what he 's done , but what
he 's said .
Brady felt the two-time defending Super Bowl champions
were n't getting the respect to match their lofty status .
Brady , who led the NFL this season with 4,110 passing yards ,
picked apart the Jaguars all night until they simply disappeared
from the playoffs the way almost everyone outside northeast Florida
expected .
" As long as we win , we 're happy , " said Brady after completing
15 of 27 passes for 201 yards .
" That 's what it 's
all about . "
Brady is all about winning .
Always has been .
And it does n't
seem to matter if it 's the exhibition season , regular season ,
or playoffs .
" Tom is Tom , " said Kevin Faulk .
" He 's the
leader of this team . "
Wide receiver Troy Brown agreed .
" Every game is the same for
him , " said Brown , who had just one catch for 11
yards , but gave the Patriots a 7-0 lead in the
second quarter with his catch .
Still , the Patriots struggled through the first half .
" We were all
pretty sloppy in the first half , " said Brady .
" We had
to put it together in the second half and I
think we definitely did that . "
" It starts at the top , " Brady added .
" No stone is left
unturned .
And we perform well under pressure .
It 's all part
of it . "
Brady knows the pressure will increase , starting next weekend against either
the Colts or Broncos , two teams that beat them during
the regular season .
" " We ca n't afford some of the mistakes we 've made in the
past , " said Brady .
" If we do n't play our most consistent
brand of football , we 're not going to win . "
The Patriots will not be favored regardless of who they play .
" We 're going to be underdogs , " he said with a smile .
" We 're going on the road .
It 's going to be a
tough challenge .
It 's tough on the road , but we put
ourselves in that position . "
The chance of playing another home game at Gillette Stadium , where
much of their playoff success has come , is slim .
But
the Patriots are still the defending champions , and they still
have Brady and his unbeaten playoff résumé .
Where they play or who they play just does n't matter .
Not
as long as they reach their final goal .
" To win the Super Bowl , " said Brady .
