Virtually sealed off from the outside
world , residents of this violence-riddled strip of land along the
Mediterranean Sea liken it to a giant , deteriorating prison , and
at its worst it feels like the film " Escape From
New York , " where inmates ran the show .
The economy beats feebly , filling the streets with armed men and
markets and chaotic traffic during the day and emptying them
but for scattered police patrols and idle young men at
night .
The Palestinian Authority , charged with governing the territory together
with the West Bank , maintains tenuous control .
" The intifada has ended but the violent energy is still there , "
said Eyad Sarraj , a psychiatrist and human rights activist living
here .
In Gaza City on Saturday night , one man was killed during
a gunbattle between armed militants and the police .
Further south
that same day , gunmen cordoned off a neighborhood in Khan
Yunis , Gaza 's second-largest city , while members of a well-known drug-smuggling
family battled with the Palestinian police .
Eleven policemen were reported
wounded .
And in Rafah , along the Egyptian border , armed men from the
Abu Taha family stopped cars on Sunday , checking identification papers
in hopes of catching members of the rival Al Masri
family , with which they have been carrying on a deadly
feud .
While the world is watching Prime Minister Ariel Sharon 's fight for
life and wondering who will govern Israel in his absence ,
people in Gaza are far more preoccupied with growing lawlessness
and tension between armed factions since Israel 's withdrawal .
" One day , these guys woke up and had nothing to fire
rockets at , but they had no food in the kitchen ,
so they turned on the Palestinian Authority , " said Khalid Abu
Hilal , known as Abu Adham , a spokesman for 10 branches
of Al Aqsa Martyrs Brigades , an armed wing of the
Fatah political faction .
" We are heading toward civil war . "
The Gaza Strip , home to 1.4 million Palestinians , is growing more
chaotic by the day .
Part of the problem is Fatah 's
inability to control the armed men who once did its
bidding .
Ever since Israel abandoned the settlements and withdrew its troops in
September , opponents of the occupation have been idle .
They lost
the financial support they enjoyed and have grown increasingly frustrated
by the lack of any reward for what they regard
as years of sacrifice .
