LAS VEGAS - Forget about the press conferences , joint-venture announcements , concerts ,
and speeches .
The International Consumer Electronics Show was really about
one thing : the gadgets .
From cars that plug into wall outlets to wireless phones that
download music and personal robots that can dance to your
tune and more , this was the place to be if
you wanted to see what 's cool and new in the
world of gizmos .
With hundreds of exhibitors and an estimated 130,000 attendees spread out
among two convention centers and dozens of seminars last week ,
it was impossible to see every new thing at the
show .
Nonetheless , here 's a sampling of some of the products
of the very near future .
Devices for moving movies , music , and television programs off television sets
and computer screens were all over the show .
But one
stood out among the field : Sling Media 's Slingbox , a small ,
lightweight box that can take video from your DVD player ,
cable box , or digital video recorder and ship it to
you for viewing over the Internet anywhere in the world .
This all happens at no charge beyond the cost of
the $ 250 box itself .
Slingbox is n't new but a software upgrade announced last week lets
it move video to mobile devices as well .
That means ,
in the words of Jeremy Toeman , the company 's vice president
of market development , that a Patriots fan on vacation does n't
have to miss a game as long as he 's got
an Internet-connected device or wireless phone on a high-speed network .
And it could n't be easier to use .
Sling 's software creates a
visual replica of cable , satellite , and other remote controls on
your computer or wireless device , so you 'll already be familiar
with how it works .
Expect Slingbox to make a big
impact in 2006 .
Of course , most people still want to watch TV on a
TV , and high-definition sets should continue to drop in price
thanks to several new Asian brands hoping to enter the
US market this year .
Xoro Electronics and TriVision are among
the companies that already make flat-panel HDTV sets overseas and
came to the electronics show hoping to reach US shelves .
And they wo n't mind selling the TVs cheaply if they
need to .
" If it 's the same price as Sony , we cannot sell , so
we have to be cheap , " said Jun Han , president of
Xoro Electronics , based in Shanghai .
Another company in the same mold , ED Digital , wo n't sell its
sets cheap , but its technology could be worth the extra
cost .
ED will start selling 30-inch LCD sets with built-in
WiFi antennae at $ 1,999 in the United States this spring .
The WiFi hookup will allow the sets to carry the
Digitrex brand name to find pictures , music , and video on
any computer in your house running Windows Media Center software
on your wireless network .
Pricey , yes , but it worked well
in demos and the convenience factor could justify the expense
for some .
Of course , not every gadget with a wow factor had something
to do with home entertainment .
A company called Magna Donnelly
wants to put a new rear-view mirror with an attached
camera and pop-out video screen in your car .
The 3.5-inch
monitor lets you check for objects while you back up ,
and can also display directions or maps if linked to
a navigation system .
The company says future applications may include voice recognition , letting you
call the shots to control the mirror and many other
functions in the car .
Magna 's mirror should be available by
the spring on at least one General Motors model ( the
company would n't say which ) .
And of course , there were the robots .
There was a wide
variety this year , from those that could vacuum your floor
to those designed to wow engineering students and those that
just looked cool .
In the latter category was the Robonova-I
from Hitec Robotics of Poway , Calif .
It can walk , do flips , cartwheels , or even dance on its
own based on moves you program it to remember .
Hitec
says it will cost less than $ 1,000 .
Hard to say
if that 's a lot for a casual robot user to
pay , because it 's hard to say who the casual robot
user is .
Not far away from where the Robonova was showing off its
moves was Zap 's Xebra electric car , a tiny , three-wheeled contraption
that charges its battery when plugged into a wall outlet ,
and goes up to 40 miles per hour .
Of course ,
you 'll only be driving for about an hour , because 40
miles is it 's maximum range on one charge .
Seems unlikely to catch on , but with gas prices as high
as they are , who knows ?
Keith Reed can be reached at reedglobe .com .
