wants to study international issues and law in Europe .
But as a United World College student , she said she 's glad
for the opportunity to meet other teenagers with different backgrounds
-- some from the war-torn Middle East .
" They might be able to discuss the issues without emotions , but
they are discussing them , which I think is important , " Mortensen
said .
Who would have guessed that teenagers tackling world issues would live
so close to a town better known for its historical
significance , stunning vistas and architecture ?
Throughout Las Vegas , Southwestern architecture is pretty common .
But there are
a few variations , including the Carnegie Library , which was modeled
after Monticello , Thomas Jefferson 's home .
If you venture outside Las Vegas -- even past the United
World College -- you 'll find Pecos National Historical Park and
Fort Union National Monument , both part of the National Park
System .
Pecos was the site of a Pueblo village , which later was
overtaken by the Spanish , who built a mission there .
Fort
Union is an abandoned military outpost that was built on
the Santa Fe Trail .
Las Vegas and the surrounding communities offer visitors a snapshot into
the lives of the early settlers in the area --
from the early Pueblo villagers in 1100 to the Santa
Fe Trail blazers to the community leaders in the 1900s ,
who worked together to restore the area to its prominence
it once held .
In 2001 , Las Vegas was named one of a dozen distinctive
destinations for travelers by the National Trust for Historic Preservation .
Obviously , Las Vegas , N.M. , probably will never pass Las Vegas , Nev. ,
in tourism .
But visitors to Las Vegas , N.M. , can experience Southwestern culture and
history in a much more relaxed setting .
And the best part is that what happens in Las Vegas ,
N.M. , does n't have to stay there .
J.
Eric Eckard writes for the Rocky Mount Telegram ( Rocky Mount ,
N.C. ) .
Websites
Victory Ranch is one of the largest alpaca farms in the
country , with about 200 alpacas on site , which is 30
miles north of Las Vegas .
Alpacas , known for their luxurious
fiber used to produce clothing and rugs , can be purchased
there .
You can feed the alpacas , visit the shop for
alpaca-related items or try spinning and weaving the yarn .
www.victoryranch.com
Tapetes de Lana is a weaving center designed to showcase and
preserve Northern New Mexico 's rich textiles heritage .
Visit sites in
Las Vegas and nearby Mora to see the weavers in
action and take home some of the hand-made alpaca and
wool items .
www.tapetesdelana.com
Montezuma Castle on the United World College campus is about 5
miles north of Las Vegas .
One of 10 United World
College campuses in the world , this two-year baccalaureate school houses
200 students from 88 countries .
Student-led tours of the historical
castle are available .
www .uwc-usa.org
Overnight and day trail rides on horseback allow visitors majestic views
of the mountainous region of the Santa Fe National Park
near Tererro , about 60 miles from Las Vegas .
Tererro Riding
Stables also offers guided rides and hunting trips .
www.pecoswilderness.com
