There 's a respected NFL scout , a longtime
friend , who has been giving me a blunt and brutal
opinion for more than a year on the quarterbacking talents
of one Vince Young .
By the way , both the blunt and brutal were part of
an agreement that his name would never be used .
But this guy 's standard line on Young as a future NFL
quarterback was always " not with my name on him . "
Meaning he certainly would n't be recommending that his team draft Young
in the first round .
" Throws like a girl , " was his non-PC answer as late as
early December .
But this same scout was also at the Rose Bowl last
week , evaluating talent .
When I caught up with him by phone over the weekend ,
he sounded dazed and confused .
" What do I think now ? " he answered , repeating my question .
" I do n't know what to think now .
Except that Vince Young
is the most unique player I believe I 've ever seen .
" There 's been nothing like him .
I scouted ( BEGIN BRACKET)Michael( END BRACKET ) Vick
a lot .
He 's better than Vick .
But .. . "
But what ?
" If I worked for Houston , I would n't know what to tell
them .
I think I 'd still take ( BEGIN BRACKET)Reggie( END BRACKET ) Bush
with that pick .
But somebody is really going to be
very wrong , or very right , on Young . "
Some of the best defensive minds in college football , including USC
coach Pete Carroll , had their brains fried by Vince Offense .
Now it 's the NFL 's turn to be dazed and confused .
There 's suddenly no doubt Young will go among the first three
picks in April ( 1 . the Texans , 2. the Saints , 3.
the Titans ) .
But at the start of this college season , I do n't think
anyone had Young even being in the first round .
Not
as a quarterback .
Vince , however , has forced the NFL to play its hand .
First ,
by the season he had , capped by the Rose Bowl .
Second , by declaring Sunday for the draft .
Me , I was hoping he would be back in Austin for
one more year .
But that was based on personal entertainment .
I just wanna have fun watching these games .
Vince Young
provides more fun than anyone I can remember .
Then again , from a pure financial standpoint , how could Young have
done anything else ?
His football value is at a peak .
Go ahead , cash in on that peak .
But now comes the tearing-down process .
Between now and April , there
will be nothing but negative overkill in the evaluation department .
Bush is already going through it .
He was All-World Can't Miss until the Rose Bowl game .
Now ,
you hear the whispers about durability and toughness .
Or , based
on NFL needs , was he even the best running back
at USC ?
Matt Leinart ?
Same thing .
A year ago , he was a quarterbacking god .
But
even after a great Rose Bowl performance , Leinart is currently
being knocked for a lack of arm strength and mobility .
Bet this , however :
What is about to commence with Vince Young might be the
biggest evaluation debate any NFL D raft has ever experienced .
But Michael Vick was the first pick of the draft , and
Michael Vick is now the highest-paid player in the NFL .
If that 's the guideline ...
Some of us also say Vick is the most overrated player
in the NFL .
But Young has more working for him , including the natural-born leader
aspect , along with being a better passer .
Anyway , can a college quarterback limited to working out of the
shotgun , and throwing with a funky sidearm delivery , actually be
a success in the National Football League ?
Ireland , the Cowboys vice president of college and pro scouting , answered ,
" It means run- after-catch accuracy . "
OK , now I understand .
Is the quarterback delivering the ball to the right spot , allowing
a receiver to run for additional yardage after the catch ?
" Vince Young does that , and does it well , " said Ireland .
" In
our business , we look at his delivery , and it 's so
screwed up , the way he kinda flicks the ball out
there with a side-armed motion .
" A scout sees that , and he goes , ' Oh , no . ' "
But if you keep watching , explained Ireland , the ball is delivered
with accuracy and touch .
" Young 's Rac-Ac is very good , " he said .
" And then you mix in the ability to buy time with
his feet , escape trouble , and then do something after that ,
and you 've got what we are looking for . "
Is Ireland sold on Young being an NFL success ?
" First , he 's obviously a terrific talent , and second , I do n't think
the NFL has ever seen anything exactly like him , " he
answered .
" If we had the first pick in the draft ,
a lot of work would be involved .
" But he 's the kind of player , with that size , that speed
and the ability to avoid the direct hit , well , I
would n't want to be passing on him . "
Give it a few years , and we will have the NFL
answer on Vince Young .
But now ?
If I 'm Houston , I 'm taking him , hometown kid and
all .
And you ?
Speak up now , because second-guessing on this question wo n't be allowed
later .
Do you or do n't you ?
