As his confirmation hearings opened Monday , Supreme Court nominee
Samuel Alito told senators that judges " ca n't have any agenda "
and that " no person in this country , no matter how
high or powerful , is above the law . "
Cast by Democratic critics as a man of privilege and conservative
political ideals who might defer too much to the president
who nominated him or be insensitive to the less advantaged ,
the 55-year-old federal appeals judge from New Jersey who previously
worked as a Reagan administration lawyer used his 11-minute opening
statement to sketch a different impression .
Alito described how both of his parents worked , and how his
Italian father came to the United States as an infant ,
grew up poor , needed a $ 50 scholarship to pay for
college and persevered over discrimination early in his career to
provide a solid life for his family .
" I am who I am in the first place because of
my parents and the things that they taught me , " Alito
said .
As for his own experience as an undergraduate at an elite
university , Alito offered , " A generation earlier , I think that somebody
from my background probably would not have felt fully comfortable
at a college like Princeton . "
He said when he saw smart , wealthy students behaving irresponsibly at
school , he could n't help compare that with " the good sense
and the decency of the people back in my own
community . "
Alito 's remarks came at the close of Monday 's four-hour hearing , after
each of 18 members of the Senate Judiciary Committee told
him their impressions of him at the outset and what
they planned to question him about later in the week .
On that list : abortion ; presidential powers ; gun control ; religion in public
schools ; his initial failure to remove himself from a case
involving a company through which he held investments ; and a
job application from 1985 in which he stated his opposition
to abortion and suggested he disagreed with some civil rights
precedents of the 1950s and 1960s .
Alito 's question-and-answer sessions with senators are to begin today , ( Tuesday ) while
outside critics and supporters are scheduled to testify later in
the week .
From the outset , Alito 's hearing had partisan overtones , with Republicans who
are the majority in the Senate showing strong support for
President Bush 's nominee and several Democrats suggesting he would have
to disassociate himself from several of his past positions to
win their support .
Senators from both parties said they planned to ask Alito about
some of his past support for strong presidential powers , given
the Bush administration 's controversial program of spying on Americans without
court orders to track terrorism threats .
But their approaches had
different tenors .
" I think you 're going to be just fine , " said Sen. Lindsey
Graham , R-S.C. " I do n't know what kind of votes you 're
going to get , but you 'll make it through .
It 's possible
you could talk me out of voting for you , but
I doubt it . "
But Sen. Charles Schumer , D-N.Y. , asked : " When a president goes too
far , will you be a check on his power , or
will you issue him a blank check to exercise whatever
power he alone thinks appropriate ?
Right now , that is an
open question given your stated views . "
Sen.
Ted Kennedy , D-Mass. , suggested Alito would look out for the
president over individual rights and accused him of being unsympathetic
toward minorities and untrustworthy when it comes to judicial conflicts
of interest .
Judiciary Committee Chairman Arlen Specter , R-Pa. , said after the hearing that
there were " too many senators in concrete on both sides
of the aisle " as to their feelings about Alito , adding
that several Democrats ' statements " sounded more like indictments " than opening
statements .
" It 's very important judgments are not formulated until you hear the
witness , " Specter said .
" Give Judge Alito the chance to respond .
Let 's give this fellow a chance before we run him
out of town on a rail . "
Throughout most of Monday 's hearing , Alito , who was joined by his
wife , children and other relatives , showed little expression .
He did crack a smile when Sen. Joe Biden , D-Del . , made
a joke about the president 's previous nominee , White House Counsel
Harriet Miers , who withdrew her nomination under pressure from conservatives
who questioned her qualifications .
Biden said he rejected the idea that nominees should n't have to
answer detailed questions about their approaches .
Republicans had so many
questions for Miers , Biden said , " they were about ready to
administer a blood test . "
If confirmed , Alito would be the second of Bush 's nominees to
join the high court since September , when John Roberts replaced
the late Chief Justice William Rehnquist .
The opening day of Roberts ' hearing had more of a sense
of drama and energy -- perhaps because Roberts was more
charismatic , because it was the chief justice spot or because
it was Bush 's first high court nomination .
But Alito 's anticipated confirmation could have a stronger impact on what
has been an ideologically divided court .
Rehnquist was not a swing vote but a solid conservative .
Alito ,
however , would replace retiring Justice Sandra Day O'Connor , the first
woman on the high court and a swing vote on
issues including abortion .
" Your appointment is the pivotal appointment , " said Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-Calif. ,
who has previously said it would be difficult for her
to support a nominee who opposed abortion rights .
" Since you
have provided personal and legal opinions in the past , I
very much hope that you will be straightforward with us ,
share your thinking and share your legal reasoning . "
Alito 's perhaps best known case is an anti-abortion opinion in which
he argued the constitutionality of a spousal notification requirement as
well as parental consent and waiting period requirements .
Two Republican senators , Sam Brownback of Kansas and Tom Coburn of
Oklahoma , both abortion opponents , hoped aloud that Alito would help
overturn abortion precedent if confirmed .
" The right to an abortion is not in the Constitution , " Brownback
said .
