Cox News Service ATLANTA -- After surgeons delivered good news from
the operating room Monday morning about 3-month-old Noor al-Zahra , a
wave of relief washed over the baby 's grandmother Soad .
wept .
" The results are good , " Soad said through an interpreter .
" Thank God .
Thank God . "
She also thanked Dr. Roger Hudgins , chief neurosurgeon at Children 's Healthcare
of Atlanta , where the operation was performed .
" Noor is very , very strong , " the grandmother said .
" From her first
days , she 's been very strong . "
" She is very strong because her family is strong , " Hudgins said .
Hudgins and Dr. Fernado Burstein operated on Baby Noor , as she
has come to be known , nine days after the infant
arrived in Atlanta from Iraq suffering from a severe case
of spina bifida .
They removed a mass of skin from the baby 's back and
repaired a damaged part of her spinal cord .
Their efforts
came a month after Georgia National Guard soldiers in Iraq
encountered Noor while raiding a house near Baghdad .
Doctors in Iraq told Noor 's family they could not treat her
and that she probably would die within 45 days .
With
help from friends in metro Atlanta , though , the soldiers made
connections that led to Monday 's surgery on Noor .
Hudgins said the operation went better than expected .
He said the
baby will be paralyzed from the waist down and have
limited control of her bowels and bladder , but he hopes
she otherwise will be developmentally and mentally normal .
He said he plans to monitor her today for signs of
a fluid buildup in her brain , common in similar spina
bifida cases .
If he finds fluid , he may insert a
shunt Wednesday to drain the fluid .
Or , he said , he may try to create an internal opening
to drain fluid .
One benefit of the internal option is
that it would not require as much care from a
neurosurgeon in Iraq .
" She just radiates good feeling , " Hudgins said of Noor .
" We 're getting
to the point where we love this child . "
Noor 's father and grandmother , who accompanied her to Atlanta , spoke with
relatives in Iraq after the surgery , said Christina Porter of
Childspring International , a Christian charity that brings ill children to
the United States for medical help .
" We 've been through a lot of calling cards , " she said .
Porter said the father and grandmother are communicating with an Atlanta
host family with " charades and sign language . "
The father and
grandmother speak Arabic ; members of the host family speak English ,
Farsi and Turkish , she said .
Hudgins saluted the baby 's grandmother for having " the courage to hold
[ Noor ] up to men with guns . "
He praised members of
the 48th Brigade Combat Team for taking an interest in
Noor .
" They deserve a tremendous amount of credit , " he said .
In Baghdad , soldiers from the unit that helped send Noor to
Atlanta watched a news conference about the baby 's surgery on
a small computer screen in Sgt .
1st Class Michael Sonen 's
trailer .
" I think we are all relieved that she now has the
opportunity for a decent life , " said Sonen , a soldier with
the Gainesville , Ga.-based Charlie Company of the 1st Battalion , 121st
Infantry Regiment .
" This is what America does best -- help people , " said Sonen ,
a furniture maker .
Staff Sgt .
David Squires , who works for a hearing aid company
in Gainesville , said he hopes the soldiers ' intervention gave Noor
a "better chance at life . "
" If nothing else , it showed the family that we took time
out to help , " he said .
" This small gesture might go
a long way in establishing goodwill among the people . "
Doctors expect Noor to stay in Atlanta for at least two
months for observation and additional treatment .
" It 's hard to tell sometimes if we made a difference here
in Iraq , " Squires said .
" This baby made us feel like
we did . "
Mark Bixler reported from Atlanta , Moni Basu from Baghdad for the
Atlanta Journal-Constitution . E-mail : mbixlerajc.com ;
mbasuajc.com
