KNOXVILLE , Tenn . - Thompson-Boling Arena was bulging yesterday - tickets were
being scalped , and doors opened at 12:30 for Tennessee 's 2
p.m. game against Connecticut .
The crowd , a sea of orange ,
booed lustily when UConn coach Geno Auriemma was introduced , and
they cheered just as vigorously when any one of the
Huskies missed a free throw .
But they cheered loudest when Lady Vols guard Shanna Zolman sank
two foul shots to seal Tennessee 's 89-80 win .
Orange and white streamers rained down , and the band played " Rocky
Top " for the umpteenth time as the 24,653 fans filed
out .
No. 1 Tennessee and No. 7 UConn have met
21 times , and the Huskies hold a 13-8 advantage .
Tennessee
had not beaten its fiercest rival at home since Feb.
1 , 2001 .
The crowd was the largest in the history
of Thompson-Boling , which opened in 1974 , topping the 23,611 that
watched Tennessee and UConn square off in 2002 .
So , of course it sounded like a gross understatement when Tennessee
coach Pat Summitt said afterward , " I surely enjoyed it .
It
was a hard-fought game . "
Fought was the operative word , as the teams were called for
51 fouls ( four players fouled out ) and the lead changed
hands six times , with three ties .
UConn ( 12-2 ) led , 41-39 , at the half , but Tennessee responded to
take a 5-point lead on a layup by Alexis Hornbuckle ,
who finished with 10 points and 14 rebounds .
The Huskies
closed to 70-69 on a jumper by senior Ann Strother
with 5:18 left , but the Lady Vols went on a
6-0 run , and led for the rest of the game .
Strother finished with 25 points , the most by a Tennessee opponent
this season , as the Huskies shot 49.1 percent from the
field , also a season high for a Lady Vols foe .
So Auriemma said he felt a little embarrassed that he had
recently poked fun at Saint Joseph 's men 's coach Phil Martelli ,
whose team had produced two high-scoring games , and lost both .
" Now we score 80 points and lost , " he said .
" That 's hard
do do .
But when you 're putting people on the free
throw line a lot , those things tend to happen . "
Auriemma also praised Tennessee 's offense .
" We did a good job in the first half of keeping
it under control , but in the second half it was
just too much for us , " he said .
Junior Sidney Spencer led Tennessee ( 15-0 ) with 21 points , as she
hit all five 3-pointers she attempted , and was 4 for
4 from the line .
The 6-foot-3-inch forward-center shrugged off her sharpshooting .
" My teammates drew the attention , " she said .
" [UConn ] needed to double-team
to defend them , and that was leaving me open .
So
they could kick the ball to me to get the
open shot . "
Lady Vols forward Candace Parker , who sat out last season after
knee surgery , added 13 points , and Zolman also had 13
as she was just 1 for 10 from the floor
but 10 for 10 from the stripe .
Senior center Tye 'sha
Fluker came off the bench to add 13 points .
Summitt said she was pleasantly surprised .
" They said that Connecticut was going to be down this season , "
she said .
" They 're very much alive , and it was a
tough 40 minutes . "
UConn sophomore Charde Houston , who played just four minutes in the
Huskies ' last game , came off the bench to score 19
points and grab eight rebounds in 20 minutes .
Sophomore Brittany
Hunter finished with 12 points .
So , the usually hard-to-please Auriemma admitted he could n't be too disappointed .
" I do n't believe in moral victories , " he said .
" When we tee
it up , we expect to win .
Having said that , we
did n't win and we 're really disappointed in ourselves .
" But I do think we got what the outcome of this
game should have been .
Are we as big and as
talented and as strong as Tennessee right now ? No. Could
we have stolen the game ?
Maybe .
Are we smart enough
as a basketball team to do that ?
Not yet .
But
if you had asked me a month ago , I 'd feel
a lot different .
And hopefully a month from now I 'll
feel twice as good about our team . "
But the fans with the smiles on their faces as they
left the arena are obviously glad they do n't have to
wait that long .
