Richard J. Bressler , the former chief financial officer of Viacom , said
Sunday that he planned to join Thomas H. Lee Partners ,
the Boston-based private equity firm .
The firm is expected to formally announce the appointment on Monday .
Bressler , a veteran of the media industry who has held several
top positions at Viacom and Time Warner , is the latest
highly ranked executive from corporate America to join the ranks
of the burgeoning and lucrative private equity industry .
Bressler said
last January that he would leave Viacom .
For Thomas H. Lee Partners , the move comes at a time
of change .
Its founder , Thomas H. Lee , is expected to
step down from the firm as part of a long-standing
succession plan this year .
The firm is also near to
closing its latest fund , which could be worth as much
as $ 10 billion .
Bressler , 48 , will become a managing director and head the firm 's
strategic resources group , which helps advise the managements of companies
the firm owns .
Thomas H. Lee Partners owns several media companies , including Warner Music
and American Media , the publisher of Star magazine and The
National Inquirer .
Bressler has been a director and the chairman
of the audit committee of Warner Music .
" For me , the question was what to do with all of
this experience and what would be the best role for
me ? "
Bressler said in an interview .
" The fit for me
at this firm was just right .
I feel very fortunate . "
After Lee departs , Thomas H. Lee Partners will be run by
three co-presidents : Anthony J. DiNovi , Scott A. Schoen and Scott
M.
Sperling .
Sperling said the firm planned to build up
its strategic resources group even further by hiring other industry
veterans .
Historically , the firm 's partners have also had responsibility for overseeing investments .
This move appears to be a slight strategic shift to
add more operating expertise .
The firm 's current $ 6.1 billion fund , which started investing in 2001 ,
has been a big success , with deals including Warner Music
Group , TransWestern Publishing and National Waterworks .
The company hit one
pothole with its investment in Refco , the futures and commodities
brokerage firm that collapsed last year .
