for the Washington Senators .
( He did n't make it ) .
The relevance
of Brown vs.
The Topeka Board of Education is included ,
but so is the decision by Jimmy Carter to be
the first modern president to send his child to public
school .
One King named Martin Luther Jr. , is alongside another
named Presley .
The Bill of Rights is explained in Volume
3 , and the jailing of reporter Judith Miller for refusing
to divulge a source was recently added to Volume 10 .
Her one-year venture turned into seven .
Her home was overrun with
reference materials .
Like any good reporter , she always went straight
to the top for information .
She found the most knowledgable
people in a particular discipline and picked their brains .
Then
she distilled .
She asked questions in her books with no easy answers .
How
could slavery exist in the Land of the Free ?
She
refused to omit controversy , printing anti-war chants from the Vietnam
War era , as well as a discussion on how budget
cuts affect the homeless .
" You should never have a book for children that would n't be
good enough to be sold in a bookstore " became her
mantra .
But not everyone was ready for such radical thinking .
Again and again she was rejected by the big textbook publishing
companies .
They said her books were too fun to read and she
needed to make them "more like textbooks . "
The trade houses
called her books " too informative . "
The Innovative Publishing Division of
Addison-Wesley said she was too innovative .
But Hakim was not about to give up .
An ally was
waiting in the wings .
In 1988 , a veteran New York publisher named Byron Hollinshead got
a call from a friend who said an unknown author
had done some children 's history books .
Would he take a
look ?
Hollinshead reluctantly agreed .
The next day an enormous box landed with a thud on
his desk .
Inside were the computer printouts of Hakim 's first
five manuscripts .
An hour later the phone rang .
" Well ? " an insistent voice asked , " What do you think ? "
Hollinshead reminded this woman named Hakim the manuscripts had just arrived .
" I realized immediately I was dealing with a woman of
some persistence , " he says .
Once he started reading , he could not stop .
He was stunned
by the quality .
Hollinshead is a bit of a rebel
himself , entering publishing a generation before during a time of
great literary experimentation .
He promised to help , calling in favors
from old friends .
But he too ran into a wall of rejection .
" It was
a real eye-opener , " he says .
Finally in 1993 , Oxford University Press ' new children 's division agreed to
publish , but only as reference materials for school libraries .
They
were priced about $ 13 a piece .
Since then , the books
have sold about 4 million copies and spawned a PBS
series called " Freedom : A History of US. "
Margaret Bobb , a social studies teacher at Horace Mann Middle School
in Denver , was immediately smitten .
Her students , who typically read
below grade level , needed something accessible to hold their interest .
