Ankle deep in mud on Wednesday , Elizabeth Vargas had just welcomed
viewers to the new afternoon Webcast for ABC News --
live from outside the coal mine in Sago , W.Va . --
when a voice from the control room in Manhattan began
crackling in her earpiece .
" Go!
Go! Go ! " it said .
It was Jon Banner , executive producer of " World News Tonight " ( and
of its online edition , " World News Now " ) , who was telling
Vargas and others that a long-delayed news conference by mine
officials was suddenly beginning .
In a delicate bit of electronic choreography -- on just the
second day of both the 3 p.m. Webcast and Vargas '
tenure as co-anchor of the main newscast -- Banner and
his colleagues told her to sign off immediately on the
Web so that she could begin a live special report
of the news conference , to be carried on the ABC
broadcast network as well as its Web site .
Moments later , Banner exhaled like a skating coach whose charge had
just executed her first double axel in live competition .
But
any respite was short-lived , as someone in the control room
shouted , " Ariel Sharon was just rushed to the hospital . "
For Banner , 38 , the shifting sequence of events -- soon , he
would reroute Vargas ' co-anchor , Bob Woodruff , from Tehran to Jerusalem
via Turkey -- was bittersweet .
On the one hand , Banner
said , he could not help but imagine Vargas ' predecessor , Peter
Jennings , working the phones on both stories while dashing to
the airport in his trench coat .
As if he needed
any reminder of the elephant in the control room , a
colleague sitting behind Banner wore a blue rubber bracelet ( commissioned
by Banner after Jennings ' death ) that read , " What would Peter
do ? "
On the other hand , Banner took pride that his team was
managing to simultaneously cover two big breaking news stories half
a world apart , its anchors having shed any designation as
interim for the first time since Jennings ' announcement last April
that he had lung cancer .
He died from the disease
on Aug. 7.
" We have talked a lot about grief and mourning , " Banner said .
" But this is a new beginning .
We can do things
we did n't want to do , that we did n't think it
was right to do , for the past nine , 10 months .
It 's an exciting opportunity for us to get back in
the game . "
Since Labor Day , ABC , led mostly by Woodruff and Vargas on
alternating nights , has fallen farther behind NBC 's broadcast among total
viewers ( a gap of more than a million ) and in
the demographic , where NBC has opened a lead of about
170,000 viewers , according to Nielsen .
Complicating ABC 's efforts is that all of the evening newscasts are
losing viewers , many to the Internet -- hence the network 's
fledgling Webcast , which viewers can download beginning in the midafternoon
in the East .
( In November , NBC began making its broadcast
available on the Web after 10 p.m. )
" These people , our two anchors , have to connect to their audience , "
Banner said .
" That 's a long-term project . "
