The Terminator , " Arnold Schwarzenegger 's 1986 sci-fi thriller about
a cyborg assassin who traveled back in time to kill
a young woman , was an enormous hit -- so much
so , that the bodybuilder-turned-actor and movie executives wanted a sequel .
That ambition , however , faced a problem .
Schwarzenegger 's homicidal character had been
obliterated in the first film .
Their solution was to repackage
the same character as a good guy cyborg sent to
Earth to protect the young woman 's son -- a plot
that was basically repeated in Terminator III , released as Schwarzenegger
launched his run for governor .
Same character , different situational positioning -- more or less what Schwarzenegger
is now trying to do with a third version of
his governorship , his denials notwithstanding .
" Anyone who says I am changing positions is totally wrong , " Schwarzenegger
said last week .
But while has always had infrastructure improvements
in mind as a lasting legacy , they were supposed to
come after he had balanced the state budget and reformed
the political system ; having failed on those two initial goals ,
he 's now proceeding to the third phase of "restore , reform ,
rebuild . "
Given Schwarzenegger 's much-diminished popularity , his abject failure to win voter approval
for his four "year of reform " ballot measures last year
and his looming re-election campaign , it 's not surprising that he
doing some repositioning from confrontational reformer to public works advocate .
But as he launches " Governator III , " he may find that
abrupt shifts of public persona grate on voters .
Schwarzenegger is beginning to resemble one of his predecessors , Jerry Brown ,
whose frequent shifts of image , position and even political ambition
finally were his undoing .
He was running for something --
re-election , president or U.S. senator -- every two years , changing
stances on political issues with even greater frequency ( most famously
on Proposition 13 and taxes ) and insisting that repositioning was
an asset .
He was fond of quoting Ralph Waldo Emerson 's
credo that " a foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little
minds " and once told high school students that he practiced
a " canoe theory " of politics in which he paddled on
the left and then on the right to maintain headway .
Democrat Brown got his political comeuppance when he ran for the
Senate in 1982 and was trounced by Republican Pete Wilson ,
saying afterwards , " I think people got tired of my voice .
They got tired of me on televisionand frankly I got
a little tired of it . "
Brown , it should be noted ,
continued to dabble in politics after taking a break , running
for president a couple of times before becoming mayor of
Oakland , and is now the leading Democratic candidate for attorney
general .
Schwarzenegger 's political career has been much shorter , but having gone through
four elections in just over two years , with countless campaign-style
media events and at least three versions of public image ,
he may be in danger of suffering a Brown-style rejection
for the same reasons .
Clearly , one reason he sustained a
sharp reversal at the polls last year was that he
was trying to persuade voters to fundamentally change the balance
of power in the Capitol after telling them for months
that he and lawmakers were making "fantastic " progress on solving
the state 's problems .
Schwarzenegger confused the public and opened a
credibility gap that undermined his public standing .
Now , in repositioning himself again , Schwarzenegger could widen that gap .
His
political opponents seem to believe that credibility is an issue
that has already wounded the governor and could be fatal
this year .
Last week , after he unveiled his $ 222 billion ,
10-year " strategic growth plan " of public works improvements , Democrats outside
the Legislature , reciting the same set of talking points , attacked
him for lacking conviction and shifting gears merely to win
re-election .
On Monday , for example , the leading Democratic contender for governor , Treasurer
Phil Angelides , characterized Schwarzenegger 's infrastructure plan as " too much hype ,
too many gimmicks . "
If Schwarzenegger 's career is to continue , he must not allow that
image , already evident in polling , to grow stronger .
Jerry Brown
could tell him about voter fatigue .
Dan Walters is a columnist for The Sacramento Bee .
