In a blaze across the night sky , it should be a
spectacular homecoming at the end of a very , very long
journey .
After covering 2.88 billion miles over seven years , the Stardust spacecraft
is nearing home with its minute but precious cargo : samples
of what are believed to be the oldest materials in
the solar system .
Tucked away in what looks like a giant fly swatter of
a collector is dust swooped up from a close encounter
with the comet Wild2 and an accumulation of particles picked
up in three circuits of the Sun .
" This has been a fantastic opportunity to collect the most primitive
material in the solar system , " said Donald Brownlee of the
University of Washington , the principal investigator for the mission .
" We
fully expect some of the comet particles to be older
than the Sun . "
Comets , icy bodies that normally inhabit a region near Pluto 's orbit ,
are made of material many scientists believe is virtually unchanged
since the Sun and the planets formed about 4.6 billion
years ago .
Studying comets not only provides clues to how the solar system
was created but could also help explain how certain materials
and conditions combined to form life , researchers said .
" Comets are a library of our history , " said Thomas Duxbury , project
manager at the National Aeronautics and Space Administration 's Jet Propulsion
Laboratory in Pasadena , Calif. , which is supervising the mission .
After its launching in 1999 , the Stardust circled the Sun and
flew by Earth for a gravity boost to rendezvous with
Wild2 near Jupiter .
On Jan . 2 , 2004 , the Stardust came
within 149 miles of the comet , deploying shields to protect
itself from cometary dust while extending a 160-square-inch collector filled
with a material called aerogel .
This low-density silicon material , composed of 99.8 percent air , gently slowed
and trapped particles without significantly altering or damaging them .
Stardust
also spent 195 days collecting interstellar particles that flow through
the solar system .
The challenge now is to bring them home safely .
If all
goes as planned , a capsule bearing the space dust will
dive into the atmosphere in on Saturday and gently parachute
the samples to the Utah desert .
