On one Saturday morning patrol , McLaughlin grilled two police chiefs about
an array of attacks and insurgent cells , prompting them to
follow up specific leads and steering them back on track
when they tried to shift the conversation away from crime
and toward meaningless platitudes about Iraqi politics .
He also confronted the Iraqi Army company about the gypsies .
" We - you , me , police - we 're all here to secure
everybody within the city , and that includes the gypsies , " McLaughlin
thundered at a young Iraqi Army lieutenant .
" By going down
there and slapping them around , burning down their tent , it
makes you look no better than a criminal . "
Boredom and bureaucracy
Sergeant Matt Somma and Private Gregory Miller patrol together in a
heavily armored Humvee that 's prone to roll over .
It 's a
much safer cocoon than the doorless Humvees that Somma patrolled
in at the beginning of the Iraq war in the
northern city of Mosul .
Both men came to Kirkuk in October with a vivid sense
of Iraq .
Somma , 22 , fought his way through some of the worst battles
of 2003 and stayed unt
the end of February 2004 .
He sees no other life for
himself but the army .
The Iraq war in its present phase , however , bores him : There 's
too much politics and not enough shooting for his taste .
As a team leader within his platoon , Somma spends much of
his time enforcing new safety regulations for soldiers , making sure
they 're wearing goggles , they unload their guns when they return
to base , and they do n't let down their guard just
because the conflict does n't summon so much adrenaline .
" It kind of sucks sometimes , " Somma said of the bureaucratic aspects
of his job .
Tall , skinny , with a hooked nose , Somma towers over the other
men in his platoon .
He walks with a swagger and
keeps up a constant verbal patter like a stage musician
- the only other career he says appeals to him .
On patrol , he plays a game called " What are you
thinking ? "
with the other sergeants on the radio , mixing absurd
observations about the Iraqis in their area of operations , lyrics ,
and references to American television shows .
Somma also focuses much of his energy on the video game
" Age of Empires III , " which he plays on his laptop
while huddled in his wooden bunk .
Somma dedicates most waking
hours when he 's not on patrol to the game , in
which he directs a civilization trying to conquer 17th-century America .
Miller , his platoon 's old man at 27 , quit his job as
a diving instructor last year to fulfill a promise he
made to his best childhood friend , Matt Brown , whom he
refers to as his brother .
Brown , an Army officer deployed
in central Iraq a year ago , lost an eye when
insurgents ambushed his convoy .
" I promised my brother that if he got hurt , I would
join the Army , " Miller said .
" Eight months later , here I
am .
I knew what I was getting into . "
The pace of life on deployment is draining , but it 's also
