to freeze most of its nuclear activities -- as voluntary
and temporary .
In Tehran , Gholam Hossein Elham , a government spokesman , said Monday at
a news conference that Iran would resume nuclear research and
development , as announced last week to the International Atomic Energy
Agency .
" Iran will today resume nuclear fuel research as scheduled , "
he said , without giving any details .
Agency officials in Vienna and their inspectors in Iran struggled without
success throughout the day to wring information from the government
about its plans , as Tehran had asked that the activities
be carried out under the watchful eye of the inspectors .
By day 's end the agency said the research at Natanz had
not yet restarted .
" Our inspectors who were at the scene
today reported that there was no new activity or breaking
of seals , " said Melissa Fleming , an agency spokeswoman .
The sticking point appears to be Iran 's indecision about whether to
merely test its equipment or go further and conduct experiments
with nuclear fuel , which Mohamed ElBaradei , the international agency 's director ,
called " a red line for the international community " in an
interview on Monday with the BBC .
He urged Iran to "exercise maximum restraint , " and predicted that the
impasse with Iran " could turn into a major crisis , " because
of Iran 's lack of full cooperation with his agency and
its plans to restart nuclear research .
The international nuclear agency has failed to persuade Iran to turn
over some important information about its nuclear history and to
give agency inspectors access to certain sites .
But Iran 's lack
of openness is a separate issue from whether it has
a legal right to conduct nuclear research .
ElBaradei acknowledged that a wide array of nuclear activities were permitted
under the nonproliferation treaty .
" As a matter of law , Iran
has the right to do all the nuclear activities , including
enriching uranium , " he told James P. Rubin in an interview
on Monday with the London-based Sky News .
Iran 's announcement that it planned to resume its nuclear research brought
a new flurry of international condemnation .
" Very , very disastrous signals " are coming from Iran , Germany 's new foreign
minister , Frank-Walter Steinmeier , told reporters before a Cabinet meeting outside
Berlin .
The White House on Monday warned Iran that it might be
referred to the U.N. Security Council for possible censure or
sanctions .
The international community has already warned Iran that " the
next step would be a referral to the Security Council , "
said the White House spokesman , Scott McClellan .
Late last year , the 35-country board of the international nuclear agency
voted to refer Iran 's case for consideration by the Security
Council if it did not meet its international obligations .
But
Russia , China and some other important countries are still resistant
to Security Council action .
Marking the start of Austria 's six-month presidency of the European Union
on Monday , Chancellor Wolfgang Schuessel said sanctions were always a
"possibility , " adding that the 25-country union had always considered them
" a last resort . "
Germany , France and Britain are concerned that Iran 's newest move could
shatter the agreement they reached in November 2004 under which
