Lottery retailers along the South Carolina-North Carolina
border are hoping the General Assembly ignores Gov. Mark Sanford 's
state spending item that calls for cutting their commissions to
6 percent from 7 percent .
They say they have enough to worry about , with the North
Carolina lottery expected to start this year .
" We 'll lose sales to North Carolina and lose commission , " said Tony
Parker , owner of Lucky Lotto in Rock Hill .
" It would n't
be feasible for us to stay open . "
Like many retailers along the North Carolina state line in South
Carolina 's northern York County , Parker estimates about 80 percent of
his lottery sales come from North Carolina .
On top of facing competition in what has been a lottery
monopoly at the border for South Carolina retailers , owners would
lose 1 percent of profit under Sanford 's proposal .
The governor , who announced his spending plan Wednesday , wants the money
that he estimates at $ 8.4 million a year to fund
educational programs , including college scholarships .
" You should give as much money as you can to education ,
but do n't take money away from the retailers , " said Ken
Shoultes , manager of Red Rocket Fireworks , not far from the
state border .
It is the third time Sanford has proposed decreasing commission to
lottery retailers .
He believes it 's a good way to put
more money toward education without affecting sales .
But if you drop incentives to retailers , sales will decrease , said
Ernie Passailaigue , the South Carolina lottery 's executive director .
Either stores
will make less of an effort to sell lottery tickets ,
or they will stop selling completely , he said .
" You would probably lose 10 , 15 , 20 percent of the retail
base , " he said .
" We think we will have fewer retailers
selling fewer tickets .
At the end of the day , this
is going to get you a lot less lottery money
to spend on education . "
Shoultes said the money the store does make in lottery sales
is hard-earned .
Fireworks and convenience store items have a much
higher profit margin .
Red Rocket is No. 6 of the top 10 lottery sellers
in state .
The store sold $ 3.3 million in tickets last
year and kept $ 231,000 .
At 6 percent commission , the store
would have made $ 198,000 a year .
" It 's labor-intensive , " Shoultes said .
" You have to have manpower at the
registers to help customers .
You 're handling all that cash with
very little profit . "
State Sen. Wes Hayes , R-Rock Hill , wants to wait to see
what effect the North Carolina lottery has on South Carolina
retailers before looking into reducing retailers ' commission .
" I may not oppose what the governor is proposing , but I
would take it slow , " he said .
Hayes did not know
how far the legislation would get this session .
North Carolina plans to give its retailers 7 percent .
Officials there
want to put instant-win tickets on sale by April 5 ,
followed by Powerball in July and other number games in
the fall .
After decades of debate , North Carolina lawmakers agreed to make the
state the last on the East Coast to start a
lottery .
The South Carolina lottery grossed more than $ 956 million last fiscal
year , which ended June 30 , an increase of $ 6 million
over the previous year .
