were fodder for gossip columnists ( in 1891 , at the age
of 24 , he married a 14-year-old and their domestic life
was bedeviled by accusations that she was unfaithful ) .
More happily ,
he was much in demand on the vaudeville stage , where
his lightning-fast drawing skills earned applause , landing him a spot
on the theatrical bill next to W.C. Fields and Harry
Houdini .
But the drawing was always the thing .
By one
estimate , more than a million finished drawings issued from his
pen before he died in 1934 at age 63 .
Although McCay did a great variety of work for many publications ,
a unifying theme is his persistent exploration of how dreams
make visible the secrets we hide in our daily life .
McCay started cartooning at the end of the 19th century ,
just as Freud started investigating dreams as evidence of subconscious
desire .
McCay 's dream strips-published under a variety of titles , including
" Daydreams " and " It Was Only a Dream"-might be seen as
a popular , visual counterpart to Freud 's theories .
Comics work by juxtaposing images in sequences .
McCay 's dreams strips achieved
their greatest effect by using juxtaposition to highlight hypocrisy and
deception .
Typically , his strips would show outlandish dreams that demonstrate
great discomfort and unease-for example , a conceited artist has his
head expand like a balloon while listening to praise-but end
with a shot of the dreamer , almost always a run-of-the-mill
white middle-class American .
In effect , McCay was trying to show
that beneath the decorum and delicacy of everyday life , most
people are beset by terrifying fears .
As John Canemaker , author of the biography " Winsor McCay : His Life
and Art " ( 2005 , rev.
ed . ) notes , in " Rarebit Fiend " the
state of matrimony is often depicted as " a minefield of
hypocrisy , jealousy , and misunderstanding . "
Further , money matters almost always weigh
down McCay 's dreamers , giving them restless nights of tossing and
turning .
Religion offers little solace : McCay shows preachers cowering as
they imagine being devoured by cannibals with a taste for
missionary meat , or being hurled into hell where demons pitchfork
them .
Despite the bleakness of his vision , McCay 's dream strips were transformed
into a popular movie and optioned for Broadway .
Yet his
very fame was to prove his artistic undoing .
In 1911 ,
McCay was hired by newspaper mogul William Randolph Hearst to
be a staff cartoonist on his papers .
Hearst paid him
a salary that put him in league with movie stars
and the most successful athletes of the day .
Alas , it
came at a high cost : Hearst decided that so highly
paid an artist belonged on the editorial page , and McCay
was placed under the thumb of New York American editor
Arthur Brisbane , who-according to a 1927 essay by McCay reprinted
in " Daydreams and Nightmares"-remarked , " McCay is serious , not funny . "
McCay
was assigned to illustrate Brisbane 's editorials full-time .
An extravagant and feckless spender , McCay needed Hearst 's hefty salary .
But
in order to earn it , he was forced to give
up the art that he cared about .
Although he was
able to revive " Little Nemo " briefly in the 1920s and
