The White House welcomed Vice President Dick Cheney back
to work on Monday , hours after his emergency hospitalization for
shortness of breath .
President Bush , advised of Cheney 's hospitalization by a presidential physician , told
reporters that he had spoken to the 64-year-old vice president .
" He 's doing fine , " Bush said .
" His health is good .
He 'll be
coming in to work a little later on today . "
Cheney , who has suffered four heart attacks and battled heart disease
since 1978 , had an adverse reaction to anti-inflammatory medication being
used to combat "occasional bouts " of inflammation in his left
foot , spokeswoman Jennifer Mayfield said in a statement .
The inflammation occasionally erupts in Cheney 's heel where it has been
diagnosed as tendonitis and " sometimes in the joint of his
big toe , which has not been definitively diagnosed , " Mayfield said .
Mayfield said some doctors have suggested that Cheney 's discomfort in the
joint of his big toe "might be gout , but he
does not suffer from the acute pain usually associated with
gout , nor does he have raised levels of uric acid
in his blood , which is also associated with gout . "
Mayfield said other doctors have suggested the cause may be osteoarthritis .
Cheney , complaining of shortness of breath , was taken by U.S. Secret
Service agents from the vice presidential residence at the U.S.
Naval Observatory to George Washington University Hospital around 3 a.m.
EST Monday where he remained for tests and observation until
7:30 a.m. EST , according to a statement issued by his
office .
Doctors administered an electrocardiogram and found Cheney 's heart activity "unchanged " from
his last test .
Doctors concluded that the anti-inflammatory medication was causing Cheney to retain
fluid in his lungs , forcing the heart to work harder
and causing shortness of breath .
They prescribed a diuretic to
reduce the fluid retention .
" The vice president is feeling well , and will resume his afternoon
schedule at the White House , " Mayfield said .
The foot pain had forced Cheney to use a cane last
week during a trip to Fort Leavenworth , Kan. , where he
touted Bush administration 's efforts in Iraq and Afghanistan to an
Army audience .
" I 'm using a cane today -- and it 's driving the press
nuts , " Cheney quipped .
" They keep asking my staff what happened
to the vice president , is it serious ?
And so I
said , ' No , Secretary Rumsfeld bit me in the ankle . '
Not
to worry .
But do n't tell him I said that . "
Cheney has battled heart disease for almost three decades since suffering
a first heart attack in 1978 at the age of
37 .
He suffered his fourth heart attack in the weeks
after the disputed presidential election in November 2000 .
Doctors implanted
a defibrillator in his chest in 2001 to help regulate
his heartbeat .
He underwent surgery last September to repair aneurysms that were detected
behind both knees .
( Stewart M. Powell can be reached at 202-263-6400 or at the
e-mail address ( stewart@hearstdc.com )
