If the Lakers and Clippers are connected this
season as borderline playoff teams without serious chances of winning
a championship , the Lakers at least have one thing the
Clippers do n't :
A show-stopping , logic-defying superstar with the ability to take over basketball
games and do things that often border on impossible named
Kobe Bryant .
In his second game back from a two-game suspension for a
flagrant foul , Bryant hit a game-winning 6-foot jump shot with
11.4
seconds left and exploded for 50 points , eight rebounds
and eight assists to give the Lakers a 112-109 victory
in front of 20,154 Saturday night at Staples Center .
Bryant bombarded the Clippers with 40 points in the second half
-- the second highest point total in a half in
Lakers history .
He once scored 42 in a half in
March 2003 .
" I felt like this is a big game for us , " Bryant
said .
" There 's a lot being said in the papers about
this game , and at halftime , I just tuned in .
I
said I 'm going to over-will these guys .
I 'm just going
to overpower them , go through them and send them a
message . "
As for his winning shot , he strangely pointed to an NFL
quarterback to explain it .
" I ca n't fully take credit for that last move , " he said .
" I stole it from Michael Vick , believe it or not . "
Bryant 's game-winner snapped a 12-1 Clippers run that put them up
109-108 with 25 seconds left when Elton Brand scored over
the Lakers ' Kwame Brown .
The Clippers had a possession , down 110-109 after Bryant 's key jump
shot , but a turnover from Shaun Livingston gave the Lakers '
Smush Parker an uncontested fast-break layup to put the Lakers
up 112-109 .
On the Clippers ' next possession , Cuttino Mobley made a 3-point shot
that came well after the final buzzer that could have
sent the game into overtime .
Mobley finished with a season-high
36 points , and Brand had 28 points and 10 rebounds .
About Mobley 's near 3-pointer and the final possession with 4.4 seconds
left , Livingston said , " That seemed like the clock ran fast .
I felt like 4.4 seconds was more than it was ,
but it just ran down on us . "
Although the Clippers battled from a 12-point fourth quarter deficit to
take the lead , they simply did n't have an answer for
Bryant .
He also had a crowd-chanting 11-point barrage that included
three 3-pointers in a 2-minute , 1-second span to start the
fourth quarter to help void a 13-point lead by the
Clippers in the third quarter .
" For a time there , it was like he was on the
court by himself , " Lakers forward Lamar Odom said .
Bryant 's barrage subsided but had a ripple effect .
He finished with
22 points in the fourth quarter , and helped Brian Cook ,
who had 16 points , get wide-open shots .
" I tried to do everything I knew to do it , " Clippers
coach Mike Dunleavy said of trying to stop Bryant .
" We
were sending guys out at him .
We were double-teaming him .
We had length on him .
Guys had hands there .
It 's
not like he was getting uncontested shots .
We did everything
we could against him . "
Early on , Bryant struggled shooting , going 2 of 12 ( 16.7 percent )
for 10 points in the first half .
The Clippers scored
37 second-quarter points to go up 55-50 at halftime .
If there truly is a battle for Los Angeles this season ,
the Clippers took a big step back by losing for
the ninth time in 12 games .
They were trying for
a fourth consecutive win over the Lakers and never beaten
the Lakers three in a row in Clipper history until
they won on Nov. 18 with a 97-91 victory .
If the Lakers have any concern , it might be that they
are relying too much on Bryant , who had 48 points
in the Lakers ' win over Philadelphia on Friday , his first
day back from his suspension .
" It 's not a long-term thing for us , " Lakers coach Phil Jackson
said of relying so much on Bryant .
" But it certainly
gives us a boost . "
