After a meteoritic rise that was capped by
winning college football 's national championship at the Rose Bowl last
Wednesday , Texas quarterback Vince Young said Sunday that he would
forgo his senior season and enter the NFL draft .
Arriving at Royal-Memorial Stadium in a white limousine and flanked by
a dozen supporters , Young made the announcement during an afternoon
news conference before nearly 100 reporters and photographers .
" I felt I was ready to go , " said Young , who had
said several times during the season that he would return
for his senior year .
" I accomplished a lot of the
things I wanted to accomplish in college .
I 'm ready to
move on to the next level . "
Young , 22 , said he finalized his decision Sunday after discussing it
with his pastor in Houston and Texas coach Mack Brown .
Young , a nimble 6 feet 5 inches and 233 pounds , is
projected to be among the top three players taken in
April 's NFL draft .
His hometown Houston Texans have the draft 's
first pick and are reportedly interested in Southern California running
back Reggie Bush , who is also expected to skip his
senior season .
The New Orleans Saints own the draft 's second selection and the
Tennessee Titans have the third pick .
Cleve Bryant , assistant athletics director for football operations at Texas , said
that Young had not signed with an agent .
He is reportedly considering the Hattiesburg , Miss.-based agent Bus Cook , who
represents Packers quarterback Brett Favre and Titans quarterback Steve McNair ,
a mentor of Young .
In a prepared statement , Brown , who was at the annual NCAA
football coaches convention in Dallas on Sunday and did not
attend the news conference , said he was "in full support "
of the Young 's choice .
The two met about it Sunday
morning , Bryant said .
Young is the first underclassman in Brown 's
eight years at Texas to forego his final year of
eligibility to enter the draft .
" We 'll miss him , but want him to do as well in
the NFL as he did in college , " Brown said .
Young 's making himself available for the draft caps a whirlwind season
in which he rallied Texas from a 12-point deficit in
the fourth quarter to beat two-time defending national champion USC ,
41-38 , in the Rose Bowl .
In that game , he amassed 467 all-purpose yards , including 200 rushing
yards , and scored the go-ahead touchdown on an eight-yard run
with 19 seconds left to secure the Longhorns ' first undisputed
national title since 1969 .
Until this season , some had doubted Young 's ability as quarterback .
Brown
acknowledged after the Rose Bowl that he had considered switching
Young to wide receiver in October 2004 because his confidence
was so low .
Yet in his tenure as the Longhorns '
starting quarterback , Young finished 30-2 , the best in the university 's
history .
Young became the only player in NCAA history to pass for
3,000 yards and rush for 1,000 in a season .
In the process , Young , the runner-up to Bush in voting for
the Heisman Trophy , also etched his name as Texas ' all-time
leader in total offense with 9,167 yards and career touchdowns
with 81 .
Reaction to Young 's departure in Austin was for the most part
supportive .
Clutching two national championship T-shirts at The Co-op , a 109-year-old bookstore
near the University of Texas campus , Jeff Trancham of Austin
said he believed Young made the right choice .
" I 'm not bothered by it at all , " Trancham , 37 , a broadband
technician , said .
" He 's got to do what he 's got to
for himself . "
Thuan Dao , a microbiology student at Texas , said he also supported
Young going to the NFL , but indicated he will be
greatly missed .
" He 's been the spirit of the school , " Dao ,
21 , said .
" Everybody knows him , even the freshmen all the
way to seniors .
He 's been a big star . "
