So this is what they waited 15 years for in Cincinnati .
The crowd works itself into a lather for the Bengals '
first playoff game since 1990 , the defense begins the game
with a stop ( a cause for celebration right there ) and
the first playoff pass of Carson Palmer 's career is a
beautiful rainbow that lands right in the arms of Chris
Henry far , far down field .
And then the curtain , steel or otherwise , came down .
As everyone admired the throw , Palmer lay back near the goal
line , clutching his left knee .
Right away everyone knew this
was not a good sign , with the possible exception of
the Denver Broncos , who would be Cincinnati 's next opponent .
Even Kimo von Oelhoffen , the Steelers lineman and former Bengal who
had grabbed onto Palmer 's leg as he threw , seemed aghast
when Palmer was n't getting up .
Moments later , Palmer was loaded onto a cart with two torn
knee ligaments and taken away , along with -- for all
intents and purposes -- the Bengals ' playoff hopes .
It was a rather forgettable postseason debut for Palmer , but the
same could be said for the three other quarterbacks making
their first playoff starts -- Eli Manning , Byron Leftwich and
Chris Simms .
The weekend of the four debutantes might be best summed up
as adding insult to injury .
In one play , Palmer showed more than the others did all
weekend .
They led their teams to 13 points , and zero
victories .
On Saturday , Simms threw two interceptions , one of which set up
a 6-yard touchdown drive for Washington and the other that
sealed a 17-10 Tampa Bay loss .
Leftwich , working against New England 's 31st-ranked pass defense , was sacked four
times and threw his only touchdown pass to Asante Samuel ,
who happens to play for the Patriots , 28-3 winners over
Jacksonville .
Then , on Sunday , the bar was lowered further by Manning .
He completed 10 of 18 passes for 113 yards , three interceptions
and also lost a fumble in the Giants ' 23-0 loss
to Carolina .
The last time a home team was shut
out in the playoffs was when the Rams -- then
based in Los Angeles -- beat Tampa Bay , 9-0 , on
Jan .
6 , 1980 -- or 363 days before Manning was
born .
The last time anyone was shut out in the playoff might
be a little more familiar .
It happened to his brother ,
Peyton , when the Jets whipped the Colts , 41-0 , in the
2002 playoffs .
Also blanked Sunday was the Giants ' big play receiver , Plaxico Burress ,
who has n't disappeared like this since , well , since the last
time he was in the playoffs .
Burress caught one pass
for Pittsburgh in the first 58 minutes of last season 's
AFC championship game .
This is what seemed to bother Tiki Barber the most , even
more than Carolina outrushing New York , 223-41 .
Said Barber , noting
Burress ' goose egg : " That 's just a testament that our game
plan was n't the right one . "
Of course , it was not a good weekend for the Barber
family , with Tiki 's twin Ronde losing in Tampa Bay .
It
also had to be especially frustrating that both brothers lost
at home , but it should not be surprising .
The past two seasons , the home teams in the wild-card round
have lost six of eight games , including all four in
the NFC.
After one weekend , the tournament is beginning to look like the
past couple of years , when the real football is being
played in the AFC , while the NFC is sorted out
by the JVs .
If Carolina and Washington moved on , it appeared to be mainly
thanks to their hosts , and remember that none of them
were in the playoffs a year ago .
Meanwhile , New England and Pittsburgh probably wo n't have enough to beat
Denver and Indianapolis -- the Broncos ' only loss in their
past four meetings with the Patriots was by four points
with Danny Kannell at quarterback .
But these were the two
best teams in the NFL a year ago and might
have been again if not for injuries .
All that will be sorted out next weekend .
The most important
thing to take from this one is that experience matter
as quarterback .
Tom Brady and Jake Delhomme are now a combined 14-1 in
the playoffs and Mark Brunell has twice taken teams to
a conference title game , though if his performance Saturday is
any indication , the next time it will be the other
way around .
Then there was the performance of Ben Roethlisberger .
A year ago ,
he was a jittery neophyte , surviving the Jets and getting
overwhelmed by the Patriots .
His quarterback rating for the two
games was 61.3 .
Against Cincinnati , Roethlisberger looked like he 'd been there before .
He completed
14 of 19 passes for 208 yards , three touchdowns and
no interceptions .
His quarterback rating Sunday was 148.7.
It was the type of performance the Bengals needed from their
quarterback , given that their defense played just as it had
the last two months , when it allowed more points than
anyone in the NFL .
From Palmer , it was possible ; from
Jon Kitna , it was n't .
As he contemplates surgery and a long recovery that might prevent
him from being ready for training camp or the season
opener , Palmer in one respect finds himself in the same
position as Simms , Leftwich and Manning .
That they 'll have better luck next time .
