Random House said Sunday that it was planning
to print more than 5 million copies of " The Da
Vinci Code " in three paperback versions beginning in March .
The
decision signals that the publisher is confident that a huge
audience remains for a book that has been near the
top of the hardcover best-seller lists for almost three years .
The paperback editions of the book will be in stores on
March 28 , roughly seven weeks before the movie premiere on
May 19 of " The Da Vinci Code , " starring Tom Hanks
and directed by Ron Howard .
That same day , Random House
will publish two versions of an illustrated screenplay , to include
the film 's full shooting script and still photographs and storyboards
from its production .
Even though the book is one of the best sellers in
hardcover history with 12 million copies in print in North
America , Random House , a division of Bertelsmann of Germany , is
operating on the assumption that many readers have been waiting
for a less-expensive paperback version and that the film will
generate new interest , a spokeswoman , Suzanne Herz , said .
As evidence ,
she noted that on Sunday the book jumped back to
No.
2 , from No. 5 , on the New York Times
fiction best-seller list , just after Newsweek magazine featured an article
about the film on its cover .
The book , the fourth novel by Dan Brown , follows Robert Langdon ,
a Harvard specialist in religious symbols , as he unravels the
mystery behind the murder of a curator at the Louvre .
Along with the curator 's daughter , Sophie , Langdon uncovers a trail
of clues that leads through the works of Leonardo da
Vinci and into the catacombs of early Christian history .
Including paperback versions already available in most foreign markets , 40 million
copies of " The Da Vinci Code " are in print around
the world , according to Random House .
Anchor Books , a Random House imprint , will release two paperback versions
on March 28 : a $ 7.99 mass-market , or pocket-size , paperback , and
a $ 14.95 trade paperback , a larger-size version -- in all ,
five million copies .
The publication date of the American paperback ,
much anticipated in the publishing industry , was first reported Friday
by the online edition of Publishers Weekly .
Broadway Books , another Random House imprint , will produce a trade-paperback version
of the illustrated edition of the book , with a first
printing of 200,000 and a list price of $ 22.95 , Herz
said .
