with all City Council members before they are sworn in .
Copies of all e-mails are kept on file in the
City Council office .
One potential pitfall was eliminated altogether .
While council members are allowed
to have laptop computers with them on the dais , they
do n't have Internet access , Wolfe said .
As a result , they
ca n't e-mail one another during meetings .
Jim Bennett , chief assistant Pinellas County attorney , said he sees text
and instant messages as a bigger threat to open government
than e-mail .
Most localities , including Pinellas , store all e-mails so they may be
subject to public records requests .
But there is currently no
means for archiving something like text messages .
" That 's not something we 're in a position to retain , " Bennett said .
Earlier this year in Jacksonville , an aide to Mayor John Peyton
raised eyebrows when he suggested setting up a system allowing
him to text-message the 19 members of the City Council
at once .
City Council President Kevin Hyde told the Florida Times-Union he did n't
think it was a good idea for council members to
be able to text-message one another .
" Government needs to be transparent so there are not issues , " Hyde
said .
St .
Petersburg lawyer Alison Steele , a Sunshine Law expert who represents
the Times in First Amendment cases , said current law is
very unclear when it comes to electronic messages .
" It 's a very gray area , " she said .
" There has been no
explanatory attorney general opinion or court decision that is really
on point . "
The confusion hurts both the public and politicians , who are more
likely to accidentally violate public records laws without greater clarity
from the courts , Steele said .
Adria Harper , director of Florida 's First Amendment Foundation , said she does n't
hear many complaints about public officials abusing text messages or
e-mail .
The biggest source of citizen frustration : cell phones .
" People get really upset when they see public officials using government
cell phones to make personal calls , " Harper said .
Cell phones may also be used to thwart open meeting requirements .
Earlier this year , records revealed that two members of the Pinellas
County School Board called each other dozens of times over
the past year on district cell phones , raising questions about
whether they were discussing school-related business .
Mary Russell and Janet Clark placed more than 70 calls to
each other between August 2004 and June 2005 .
While it 's
not illegal for board members to have phone conversations , the
Sunshine Law forbids members of a public board from privately
speaking to each other about matters "on which foreseeable future
action may be taken . "
Russell and Clark denied engaging in any illegal conversations .
Harper said technology can also be a valuable tool for government
oversight .
More and more public records are being posted on
the Internet .
Some government agencies are also running streaming video
of their meetings .
Wolfe , the St . Petersburg city attorney , said no matter how tightly
the law is written , there still will be loopholes .
" It does n't matter what form the communication takes , " Wolfe said .
" You
can violate the Sunshine Law in a multitude of ways
