My introduction to " smiting " came early on when
I was a wee twig being bent in Sunday school .
My teacher , Miss Warren , was a young lady with a
lisp who wore open-toed shoes and a fur stole .
Her
daddy owned the local electric company .
to Miss W " sss " and " thh " her way through yet another
parable designed to keep five-year-olds from backsliding into the abyss
of sin .
That 's how I learned about smiting .
Example : Barnaby smote Chloe up side the head at recess .
On
the bus ride home , Abner got to smiting Barnaby until
the driver pulled over to the side of a country
road and told Abner to stop smiting Barnaby .
Abner defended
his smiting by explaining that Chloe , who had been smote
by Barnaby , was his ( Abner 's ) girlfriend .
Every Sunday was a new smiting .
Little Ferdie came crying to his mother because his brother , Rasputin ,
had been smiting him something awful .
" Rasputin , " Momma hollered as
she grabbed him by the seat of his corduroy knickers ,
"how 's come you been smiting Little Ferdie ? "
" He pigged up all the grape jelly , " Rasputin whines in his
own defense .
" All I had to go with my peanut
butter was that raspberry gunk with the seeds that get
stuck in my teeth .
So , I smoted him with my
sammich . "
Admittedly , smiting confused me .
The way I saw it , there was
this " Big Guy " in the sky with a giant sword
that he used on naughty people .
Tell a lie? Thwack !
Pinch
your sister at the dinner table ? Whoosh !
Another smite .
When I was a bit older and caught up in the
conjugation of verbs , I tried to work out the various
cases of " to smite" : Today I smite .
Yesterday I smote .
In the past I have ?was it smote or smitten ?
And
in the future , if Phyllis Haffstettler gets on my last
nerve one more time , I 'm going to smite the pluperfect
stuffing out of her .
Before long though , I had discovered boys and given up worrying
about who was being smitten .
It stayed that way for
quite a while until one day I heard a guy
on the radio who 's really into this smiting stuff --
the Rev. Pat Robertson .
First I heard , he was warning husbands about women 's liberation and
advising them to get out there and smite some pushy
women who , if unsmitten , would be up to all kinds
of unspeakable evil like demanding equal rights which as everybody
knows leads to women wanting to "leave their husbands , kill
their children , practice witchcraft , destroy capitalism , and become lesbians . "
The part that really confused me was the reverend 's concern with
the "destruction of capitalism . "
Do n't remember ever hearing about that
in Sunday school .
Guess it means that free women are
a threat to somebody 's bottom line .
Back in 1998 , Mr. Robertson was busy threatening Orlando with some
heavy duty smiting if they went ahead with their plans
for a Gay Pride Festival .
" ?you're right in the way
of some serious hurricanes , " he warned , " and I do n't think
I 'd be waving those flags in God 's face if I
were you . "
Again , just last summer , the good rev got revved and demanded
the U.S. get on down to Venezuela and smite that
uppity President Chavez for daring to criticize American foreign policy .
If that 's really what el Comandante has in mind , he 'll
have to get in line and be prepared for a
wait .
Then Katrina blows in and smites the venerable city of New
Orleans right into the drink .
Too much sinning going on .
Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is the latest victim of righteous
smiting .
He 's been smote because the Big Man is annoyed
with him for carving up His land in an effort
to stop all of the smiting that goes on between
Israel and Palestine .
" You read the Bible , " insists the rev , " and He says ' This
is my land , ' and for any prime minister of Israel
who decides he is going to carve it up and
give it away , God says , ' No , this is mine . ' "
Sounds to me like kids arguing in a sand box .
The more I think about all of this smiting stuff , the
more convinced I am that the world might be working
out a whole lot better if folks would give up
smiting and take up hugging .
" This land is your land , this land is my land ...this land
was made for you and me . "
Darned hippies .
Elizabeth Schuett writes for Cox News Service .
Mail : 320 West Madison ,
Gibsonburg , OH 43431 or e-mail : eschuett@woh .rr.com
