Nearly halfway through his first season with the
Lakers , Kwame Brown is facing a challenge this week , facing
three of the NBA 's biggest and best power forwards in
four games .
So far , the results have been mixed , although Lakers coach Phil
Jackson continues to speak in positive terms about what Brown
can bring on the defensive end .
Matched up against the Clippers ' Elton Brand on Saturday night , Brown
had seven points and grabbed seven rebounds in 19 first-half
minutes .
There were some highlights even , with Brown line-driving a 17-footer jumper
and converting a three-point play off a pass from rookie
guard Von Wafer .
Brown returned to the starting lineup Friday against Philadelphia for the
first time since Nov. 8 , with Jackson saying he wanted
to use the 6-foot-11 , 277-pound Brown against Chris Webber , Brand
and Jermaine O'Neal in games this week .
" We obviously need his defense at some level , " Jackson said after
Friday 's victory .
" It 's good to have him back in the
offense , but we were n't smooth with him in there offensively ,
though .
Although he finished with four points and five rebounds in 21
minutes , Brown exasperated Jackson in the third quarter .
After Brown
blew a basket at one end and committed a foul
back on defense , Jackson yelled at him , " It 's over .
Forget
about it . "
When Kobe Bryant later dove after a loose ball and Brown
did n't even bend to pick it up , Jackson almost fell
out of his seat .
And the coach yanked Brown after
Webber got behind him and Brown fouled him on defense .
Jackson has asked Brown to focus his game on defense or
rebounding , although Brown at times seems to get down if
he has a mishap on the offensive end .
" That 's not unusual for a player to lose concentration if certain
phases of the game go wrong for him , " Jackson said .
" He put some pressure on himself to score .
All players
want to score as a part of their game . "
Jackson also was asked where Brown 's confidence was nearly halfway through
his first season with the Lakers .
Brown entered Saturday 's game
averaging 5.6 points , 5.5 rebounds and 1.9 turnovers , having lost
10 games to a hamstring injury .
" I do n't know where his confidence is , " Jackson said .
" You either
have it or you do n't have it .
It does n't reside
in your jock strap or your brain .
His confidence should
be in his defense .
That 's where he plays and rebounds
and hustles for us . "
Brown 's return additionally puts him back on the floor with center
Chris Mihm , who had 13 points and seven rebounds Friday
against Philadelphia .
Jackson has said on occasion this season that
Mihm and Brown for some reason do not play well
together .
" I think we 're still learning , " Mihm said .
" Not just Kwame and
myself , but a lot of our positions we can get
caught with too many guys too close to each other
in the paint .
It allows teams to guard two or
three guys without even moving . "
NUMBERS GAME : With his 48-point effort against the Sixers , Bryant became
the youngest player ever to score 15,000 points in his
career .
The only players to accomplish the feat at age
27 are Bryant , Wilt Chamberlain and Michael Jordan .
...
When Bryant and Smush Parker combined to hit all 12 3-pointers
they took Friday , it was the first time in NBA
history two teammates were perfect from 3-point range , with each
player taking at least five shots from beyond the arc .
