PROVIDENCE - Providence College created enough chances to trouble most Hockey
East goaltenders last night .
But Boston College 's Cory Schneider performed
several levels above what could be expected for the average
collegiate goalie as the Eagles took a 4-1 victory at
Schneider Arena in a showdown of teams that came into
the game tied atop the conference .
BC ( 12-4-2 , 10-2-1 ) surrendered the first goal , but rallied behind scores
by Nathan Gerbe and Joe Rooney in a 4:03 stretch
of the second period , then clinched the result with two
goals in a 110-second span over the final 2:51 .
Schneider , who returned Friday from the World Junior Championship in Vancouver ,
British Columbia , was beaten to the glove side by Jon
Rheault at 12:08 of the first period , but took command
after that .
" It was a good shot and I did n't pick it up
right away , " Schneider said of Rheault 's goal .
" But the three
weeks in Vancouver , the level of play and the shots
I faced helped my confidence .
When I got back , things
slowed down a little and I got some anticipation .
We
had high expectations as a team going in [the United
States finished in fourth place ] and it was disappointing how
we finished , but I thought I played well , I elevated
my game and gained confidence and poise . "
Indeed , Schneider 's positioning was excellent and his reactions sharp , frustrating the
Friars , who had 44 shots on goal .
" There is a reason why [the Eagles ] are the fifth-ranked team
in the country , " Providence coach Tim Army said .
" We played
well in the first period but we were on our
heels for about a nine-minute period in the second period ,
and credit BC for that - they raised the bar ,
they won battles .
" We had quality opportunities , we had great chances in the third
period , but [Schneider ] made great stops .
Sometimes you do n't get
rewarded for that but if we continue to play that
way we will get rewarded for it . "
Providence ( 12-7-1 , 9-3-1 ) had an eight-game ( 7 1 ) home unbeaten record
snapped .
" This was a huge game for both teams , " Schneider said .
" Providence
played great and they showed why they [were ] on top
of the standings .
They gave us everything we could handle
and they did n't back off . "
BC , 8-1-1 with a 39-19 goal differential since a 5-3 loss
to Harvard Nov. 15 , surrendered the first goal for the
fourth time in seven games .
The Eagles needed 21 seconds of a power play to tie
the score , Gerbe doing most of the work on the
sequence , then slipping the shot past goalie Tyler Sims at
9:28 of the second period .
Gerbe took control behind the
Providence net , then combined with Brett Motherwell at the blue
line and Dan Bertram , who had performed for Canada 's world
junior champions .
The Eagles took the lead as Rooney roofed a shot from
the right circle at 13:31 , 29 seconds after roughing penalties
were issued to Gerbe and Providence 's Bryan Horan .
That marked the first time No. 13 Providence trailed in a
game since surrendering the first goal against Brown in a
5-1 victory Dec. 3.
The Friars tied that game at
15 :25 of the first period , and had not been behind
in four-plus games ( 284 minutes 35 seconds ) .
" Cory is an elite goaltender and he got the benefits of
playing against the very best players in the world at
that age , " BC coach Jerry York said .
Schneider had traveled by bus from Vancouver to Seattle , then took
a red-eye flight that connected in Minneapolis to Boston , arriving
about seven hours before the Eagles ' Joe Pearce started in
goal in a 4-3 win over Northeastern Friday .
" Cory wanted to play [against Northeastern ] but I thought he needed
the rest after playing three games in three days , " York
said .
" It 's different for the other players , but the goalie
is in there for the entire game .
Joe is an
excellent backup and he had played well . "
Benn Ferriero extended last night 's advantage to 3-1 29 seconds after
BC killed a penalty , converting at 17 :09 of the final
period after Rooney collected a loose puck near the blue
line .
Stephen Gionta shot into an empty net with 1:01
remaining .
" We got balanced scoring , which is important for our success , and
our captain , Peter Harrold , has elevated his game to a
completely different level , " York said .
" We got solid goaltending , Cory looked like he had all the
angles covered , and we had excellent penalty killing at the
end .
Those were the keys . "
