Moran ( Editors : Moran should have an accent over the A. ) Ceja ,
also the daughter of Mexican migrant farmworkers , said Ceja 's defining
difference from other Napa Valley wineries is the emphasis on
pairing wine with non-European foods , targeting 12 million Latino consumers
in California and 29 million more nationally .
" There are so many in the Hispanic community just waiting to
be invited in , " she said .
" Before , it was seafood with white wine and red meats with
red wine , " said Moran ( Editors : Moran should have an accent
over the A. ) Ceja , who touts cabernet sauvignon with beans
and a red wine blend with salsa .
In a commercial kitchen off the central dining room in the
family 's Carneros tasting center , she pairs the traditional Mexican soup
pozole and a quesadilla of arugula , Oaxacan cheese and mushrooms
with pinot noir , chardonnay and cabernet sauvignon .
She demonstrates similarly
with Asian foods , mindful of 14 million potential Asian American
customers .
" All of a sudden I just spoke to the rest of
the world , " Moran ( Editors : Moran should have an accent over
the A. ) Ceja said .
" All of a sudden we brought
wine down to reality . "
About half of Ceja 's wine club consists of Latino members , including
such political notables as Art Torres , chairman of the California
Democratic Party , state Sen. Martha Escutia , D-Whittier , and Assemblywoman Nicole
Parra , D-Hanford .
" Most people just drink beer with Mexican food , " said Torres .
" She 's
starting to promote wines which go so well with our
own favorite dishes . "
Torres , a former lobbyist for the United Farm Workers , recalled the
hopes of late UFW chief Cesar Chavez that one day
" California farmworkers would own their own winery .
And here it 's
happened .
It 's a classic example of the American dream . "
TWO IMMIGRANTS MEET
The dream that created a $ 38 pinot noir made by sons
and daughters of immigrant farmworkers began with a pair of
young Mexican men in the 1940s and '50s .
They met
in the fields of California , put themselves on the road
to citizenship and , on the same month , brought their families
to Napa Valley .
" Our fathers knew each other from the fields -- pears in
Washington , grapes in Fresno , grapes in Napa , " said Moran ( Editors :
Moran should have an accent over the A. ) Ceja .
Her father , Felipe , came from Las Flores , Jalisco , as an undocumented
worker who followed farm trails through Arizona and western Texas ,
California , Oregon and Washington .
Her father-in-law , Pablo Ceja , came from
Aguililla , Michoacan ( Editors : Michoacan should have an accent over the
second A. ) , as a U.S. government guest farmworker .
In pursuit of legal residency and citizenship , both proved they could
support families with steady work , filed income taxes and supplied
letters from their employers to U.S. immigration authorities .
Moran ( Editors :
Moran should have an accent over the A. ) gained legal
residence in 1962 , Ceja in 1963 .
Both still live in Napa Valley with their wives .
Family histories
say the pair fell in love with the region in
the 1950s , describing the town of St . Helena as a
