ON NEW YEAR 'S DAY , as Russian President Vladimir Putin was assuming
the chairmanship of the Group of Eight industrialized nations , he
mocked the free-market creed of that exclusive club by cutting
off the flow of Russian natural gas to Ukraine .
That
transparent attempt to influence Ukrainian politics reflected the Kremlin 's statist
control of Russia 's lucrative energy sector .
Putin 's Ukrainian ploy backfired almost immediately .
European consumers of Russian natural
gas found that their deliveries , which arrive by a pipeline
traversing Ukraine , decreased by an amount comparable to Ukraine 's annulled
allotment .
The foreseeable result was public grumbling in Europe about
Russia 's unreliability as a primary provider of natural gas .
Putin
was obliged to back down and strike a five-year deal
with Ukraine , raising natural gas prices gradually .
It would be nice to think that Putin learned his lesson ,
but there is no reason to believe he is contemplating
changes either to the Kremlin 's domination of Russia 's energy assets
or to the practice of using those assets to impose
the Kremlin 's will on other countries .
If there was any lingering doubt about Putin 's command of Russia 's
state-controlled energy conglomerates , it was erased by the ostentatious role
he played during the showdown with Ukraine .
Officials of the
energy giant Gazprom were seen live on state-run TV making
reports directly to Putin .
It was he who gave them
their marching orders for negotiations with Ukraine over the price
and the transit fees for Gazprom 's natural gas .
Even after European leaders had voiced their anxieties about the Kremlin 's
political manipulation of energy policies , Putin was proud of his
role as the true CEO of Gazprom .
He plainly sought
to impress on the Russian public that he was dictating
Gazprom 's energy and pipeline decisions not in accordance with free-market
principles but for the political purpose of punishing Ukrainian politicians
who want to take their country out of the Russian
orbit and into Europe 's .
A particularly nasty sidelight to Putin 's manipulation of energy assets for
the purpose of enhancing the Kremlin 's influence abroad concerns Germany 's
recently replaced chancellor Gerhard Schroeder .
Schroeder was instrumental in negotiating
a deal with Putin for a natural gas pipeline that
will bypass Ukraine and Poland , running below the Baltic Sea
and terminating in Germany .
As an apparent reward from Putin ,
Schroeder has been made chairman of the consortium building the
$ 4.8 billion pipeline .
Far from conforming to the G-8 ideal of separating geopolitics from
commerce , Putin may be infecting other members of that capitalist
club with the corrupt , unchanging practices of the Kremlin .
