The Rev. Jon de Cortina Garaigorta , a Jesuit
priest who dedicated the last decade to searching for the
missing children of El Salvador 's brutal civil war , died in
mid-December , officials of his organization said Wednesday .
He was 71.
They said the cause was complications of a stroke .
The founder of the independent Association for Missing Children , de Cortina
is credited with using basic detective work , then later DNA
testing , to solve the disappearances of about 310 children .
Sandra Lobo , the coordinator of the group , said it had reunited
178 of those children with their parents .
At least 50
of them had been adopted by unsuspecting Americans , she said .
De Cortina 's mission began in 1992 , when the war had ended
and the U.N. Truth Commission opened investigations into widespread human
rights abuses during the war .
In the Chalatenango region , a
handful of rural peasants came forward with testimony about how
their children had been kidnapped by government troops .
That led
de Cortina to begin his search .
Word of his search spread across the country , bringing hundreds of
reports of abducted children , as well as confessions from soldiers .
They told him the kidnappings had been meant not only
to terrorize supporters of the Marxist rebel group but also
to raise money by selling the children to corrupt adoption
agencies .
The Salvadoran military publicly acknowledged that families had been separated during
the war , but always maintained that its officers had acted
on the impulse to save children who had been abandoned
or orphaned in fighting that left 75,000 people dead or
missing .
" These children were robbed , abducted in the countryside by the military
for a variety of motives , " de Cortina said in a
1996 interview with The New York Times after the first
few dozen missing children had been found and reunited with
their families .
" But we believe that the right to recover
their identity , and the right of their families to know
the fate of the children they lost , must be fulfilled
and respected . "
Born in 1934 in Bilbao , Spain , de Cortina joined the Society
of Jesus in 1954 , moved to El Salvador a year
later and was ordained in 1968 .
He studied philosophy and
civil engineering at St . Louis University , in Missouri , and theology
in Frankfurt , Germany .
He later became a professor of seismic
engineering at the Jesuit-run Universidad Centroamericana .
During the war , even after six of his Jesuit colleagues were
killed by a secret military unit and Archbishop Oscar Arnulfo
Romero was assassinated during a Mass , de Cortina remained an
outspoken critic of the systematic abuses by the Salvadoran military ,
which had been trained and financed by the United States .
A month before he died , his work in El Salvador was
recognized with St . Louis University 's highest honor , the Sword of
Ignatius Loyola .
" Instead of being frightened by the conflict around him , he became
a tireless and articulate advocate for disclosing the atrocities that
took place during the war , " said Lawrence Biondi , president of
St .
Louis University .
" He was the voice for the voiceless . "
