A professor at DeVry University in Westminster , Colo. , who says she
was fired for criticizing the school on her blog is
stirring up an academic freedom debate in the blogosphere .
Thousands of academics are bloggers , keeping online journals on everything from
their strides in research to travel escapades and political rants .
Many say what happened at DeVry , a private , for-profit university ,
would n't happen at traditional public universities that foster critical thinking
and robust debate protected by the First Amendment .
Still , some professors have been asked to tone down their blogs
and others -- especially those without tenure -- say they
censure themselves to protect their students or employment .
" The self-censorship , the chilling effect -- I know it exists because
people talk about it online , " said Sam Smith , a blogger
who taught journalism last year at St . Bonaventure University in
New York .
" There may be things that they could say that would cost
them tenure , " he said .
" In the academic world , this should n't
ever be an issue .
In reality , that 's not always the
case . "
Since Meg Spohn blogged about her firing from DeVry on www.megspohn.com ,
the story has become fodder for bloggers across the world .
The number of hits on her site went from a
couple dozen to thousands , she said .
" It 's kind of a freight train , " Spohn said .
" And I was
expecting a little red wagon . "
Spohn 's blog recounted her travels across the United States and her
thoughts on chaos theory .
She mentioned DeVry occasionally , complained about
online training she thought was unnecessary and wrote that administrators
were telling her not to inflate grades .
" The university environment is more permissive about free speech than most
corporations , " Spohn said .
" Do I think it 's cool for professors
to get on their blog and say , ' Do n't come to
this university .
Everything about it sucks ? ' No.
I did nothing
like that . "
The popularity of blogging has exploded in the past year .
San
Francisco-based Technorati is tracking 24.5 million blogs , and the number
doubled every five months in 2005 , marketing director Derek Gordon
said .
" It 's very seductive to think of the Internet as a private
space , " said Lynn Schofield Clark , a University of Colorado journalism
professor who teaches her students to blog .
" It feels that
way when you 're writing it .
It 's easy to forget that
it 's a public fora . "
It 's impossible to tell how many bloggers are academics , but it 's
safe to say there are thousands testing the blogosphere as
the latest frontier for academic freedom .
A blogging controversy at Indiana University in Bloomington two years ago
grabbed some attention in cyberspace among academics .
An economics professor
removed his blog from university servers after being accused of
posting anti-gay comments that offended administrators .
That case is one of a handful "where blogs have had
an impact on the professional careers of academics , " said Henry
Farrell , a political science professor at George Washington University and
part of the academic group blog Crooked Timber .
Smith said he "raised mortal hell " on his blog when he
worked at St . Bonaventure , a Catholic university .
He once toned
down "naughty " words on his blog after an administrator noted
some discomfort , and he expects that similar conversations between faculty
and administrators happen across the country .
" I was a pretty aggressive commentator on social issues , politics , culture ,
religion , " he said .
" I did not criticize the institution .
I
have n't done that since I left . "
DeVry administrators are n't talking about why they fired Spohn , saying they
respect her right to confidentiality .
Spohn , who has a master 's degree from Harvard and is a
doctoral student at the University of Denver , said she was
popular among faculty and was promoted last fall to chairwoman
of the communications department .
Then last month , the dean and a human resources staffer told
her they "had become aware of her blog , " she said ,
and that she wrote "disparaging things about DeVry and the
students . "
" They escorted me to my office and shoved me right out
of the building , " she said .
The American Association of University Professors has no specific guidelines on
blogging , but says it falls into the same category as
all protected speech , including op-ed pieces for newspapers and online
essays , said Jonathan Knight , director of the academic freedom and
tenure program .
" Faculty have the right to express themselves vigorously and freely , " he
said , including about the university 's policies and leadership .
Many blogging professors censure themselves so they do n't hurt students or
attack administrators unfairly , said Eugene Volokh , a UCLA law professor
who operates one of the larger academic group blogs , the
Volokh Conspiracy .
But when faculty see wrongs , they should n't hold
back , he said .
" I would n't be afraid to post critical things about UCLA for
fear of retaliation , but I feel something of a duty
of loyalty to the university , " he said .
" If UCLA tried
to restrict the speech of my colleagues or my students ,
I would take it to task . "
