Cox News Service WEST PALM BEACH , Fla . -- Being a single
gal is n't easy .
Reasons Why Not , " ABC 's frothy new comedy .
Emily ( winningly played by Heather Graham ) keeps making the wrong choices
in men .
Yes , it happens .
A lot .
But Emily should
know better .
She 's smart , she 's educated , she edits self-help books ,
for crying out loud !
How come so many TV characters have it going on in
their professional lives but are clueless , dateless and sometimes flat-out
hopeless in their personal ones ?
Guess because that 's often the case in real life .
Something needs to be done if poor Emily is ever going
to find her soulmate while steering clear of the irksome
playas , stalkers and kinky perverts who live vicariously through Internet
alter egos .
And Emily knows it .
Which is why with the help of
her close buds , Josh ( Khary Payton ) , an on-the-make gay guy ,
and Reilly ( Nadia Dajani) , a straight-talking , happily single babe , she 's
now keeping a list of reasons why she should n't date
a guy even if he looks like he was just
peeled off the cover of Men 's Health .
Take note , dudes : If you subscribe to Martha Stewart Living , practice
Brazilian jujitsu ( " the gayest sport there is " ) , or prefer cuddling
and sleeping all the time over steamy sex , then , well ,
chances are Emily will kick you to the curb right
quick .
Either that or she 'll make hideous voodoo dolls and curse your
name while tossing back shots .
ABC looks like it has a winner in " Emily 's Reasons Why
Not , " which is based on the novel by Carrie Gerlach .
Graham is downright adorable and sexy as all get-out .
Emily
is the kind of chick other women do n't find threatening
and men love dating because , well , look at her !
That Graham can be beautiful and funny is no surprise .
She
was a stitch as Felicity Shagwell in " Austin Powers : The
Spy Who Shagged Me " and delightfully kooky on her guest-starring
stints on NBC 's " Scrubs " and Fox 's " Arrested Development . "
But Emily also works because the writers take a stale concept
and make it fresh by employing odd camera angles , finding
inventive ways to use background music ( En Vogue 's " My Lovin' :
Never Gonna Get It " and The Jackson 5 's " I Want
You Back " are perfectly placed ) and listing Emily 's hilarious reasons
on screen .
Obvious comparisons will be made between Emily 's Emily Sanders and Carrie
Bradshaw from " Sex and the City .
Let 's see , there 's insightful
voice-over narration , the gay buddy , a great job in publishing
and tons of dates with Mr. Wrong and/or Mr. Right
Now .
The big differences ?
Graham is way easier on the eyes . ?. ? . and she has
better hair .
Kevin Thompson writes for the Palm Beach Post .
E-mail : kevin--thompson AT
pbpost.com
