5 . Transportation
Nothing major is expected since last year 's gas tax increase survived
a ballot measure to repeal it .
But state Rep. Ed Murray , D-Seattle , chairman of the House Transportation
Committee , said he 'll try again to get rid of the
Regional Transportation Investment District in Pierce , King and Snohomish counties
and replace it with an agency that has a broader
array of projects .
The RTID is restricted largely to building or expanding highways of
statewide significance .
Murray wants to give the new agency the
authority to pay for transit subsidies and local roads .
6 .
Cheney Stadium
Tacoma is one of five cities seeking state money for repairs
to minor league ballparks .
They 're asking the Legislature for $ 25 million over the four years
from its capital budget .
Tacoma 's share would be $ 10 million
for Cheney Stadium .
Last year , local officials failed to persuade state budget-writers to give
the five cities a portion of the state lottery proceeds .
This time , they 're asking for a flat cash grant .
7.
WASL
Democrat and Republican leaders alike have embraced the governor 's proposal to
spend $ 38.5 million tutoring students who fail the Washington Assessment
of Student Learning test , which students must pass to graduate
beginning in 2008 .
Despite all the rhetoric about "high-stakes " testing , most do n't want to
throw out the WASL test but are looking at additional
ways of evaluating students .
8.
Gay rights
A proposal to extend civil-rights protection to gays passed the House
last year but failed in the Senate by one vote .
Supporters of House Bill 1515 are trying to persuade a couple
of the "no " votes to switch .
Former state Senate Minority
Leader Bill Finkbeiner of Kirkland , who voted against it , has
since stepped down as GOP caucus leader .
Gay rights supporters say Finkbeiner might feel freer to vote his
conscience .
As a member of the state House of Representatives ,
Finkbeiner had voted in favor of gay rights measures .
Then
again , Finkbeiner was a Democrat at that time .
HB 1515 would prohibit discrimination against people based on their sexual
orientation with respect to employment , lodging and financial transactions .
9 .
Pension funds
The Legislature has been shorting its pension funds for years and
faces $ 4 billion of unfunded liability in two of its
14 pension plans .
No one is missing a benefit check .
But at some point
lawmakers will have to put more money into the plans
that cover some school employees and some state , county and
city workers hired before October 1977 .
Brown , the state Senate majority leader , said the state has to
be careful about raising employer contributions to those retirement plans
because cities and counties would be hard-pressed to come up
with their share .
10 .
Builders vs. Realtors
The Legislature is considering giving local governments and schools the authority
to raise the real estate excise tax to pay for
the burdens that new developments put on local parks , roads ,
classrooms and other infrastructure .
The Building Industry Association of Washington supports the higher taxes --
paid by home sellers -- especially if they replace the
