A fire broke out at an orphanage for the
disabled on Sunday in Dushanbe , the capital of Tajikistan , killing
13 children and seriously injuring a 10-year-old boy , officials said .
The orphanage caught fire shortly after 1 a.m. when 92 children
were in the building , in their beds , a fire dispatcher
said in a telephone interview .
By the time firefighters arrived , a portion of the roof had
already collapsed , killing some of the children .
Some of the
children could not walk because of mental or physical disabilities ,
he said , and had to be carried out of the
building .
One 10-year-old boy was hospitalized with burns over 14 percent of
his body .
The dead ranged in age from 7 to
16 , the dispatcher said .
The fire official , who spoke on condition of anonymity because a
formal investigation into the cause has not been completed , said
a short circuit probably caused the fire .
The orphanage relied
on electrical heaters , which probably had been turned up during
a cold snap on Saturday , he said .
Temperatures in Dushanbe
dropped to 23 degrees overnight .
The official said the building had been cited for poor fire
safety but that violations had not been corrected .
Fire safety is dismal throughout the former Soviet Union , part of
a larger problem of flagrant disregard for safety under certain
circumstances that has led to a high rate of death
from car crashes or industrial accidents .
Tajikistan , bordering Afghanistan and
China , is one of the poorest and least developed countries
in the region .
In much of the former Soviet Union , parents of disabled children
typically entrust their care to state-run orphanages .
The UNICEF office in Dushanbe said it would donate warm clothes
and other emergency supplies to the survivors , Siddiq Y . Vakhidov ,
an employee , said in a telephone interview late on Sunday .
The embassy of Iran , which has cultural ties to Tajikistan , whose
residents speak a language related to Persian , promised help in
rebuilding the orphanage , according to a report on the Interfax
news agency .
