Cox News Service ATLANTA -- Atlanta native Keith Langley says he
"felt left out of the club " for years because no
local radio station aired Howard Stern .
Stern from the airport Friday mornings , " says Langley , a 38-year-old employee
of a broadcast company .
So when he found out Stern was joining subscription-based Sirius satellite
radio , he went to BrandsMart and picked up a
JVC Sirius satellite radio receiver for $ 45 .
He 'll be tuned
in at 6 this morning when the self-proclaimed " King of
All Media " launches the latest phase of his career --
with no censors and a much smaller audience .
Stern , 51 , was the most popular morning-show host in the country
until he left FM radio last month .
During his peak ,
he drew an estimated 12 million listeners a week on
62 radio stations -- but for murky reasons , no Atlanta
radio station has ever aired him .
" I think it always came down to whether it was salable
to local advertisers , " says Don Anthony , a national morning-show consultant
from Jasper who has worked with Atlanta radio stations .
Norm Schrutt , agent for many of Atlanta 's more colorful on-air personalities ,
including 680/The Fan 's Christopher Rude and 99X 's Fred Toucher , says
Stern "may have been perceived as too edgy for this
marketplace . "
Over the years , Stern has drawn the ire of the Federal
Communications Commission , which fined his former parent company Infinity Broadcasting
$ 3 million over the years for his politicall incorrect gags .
Stern 's first fine came in 1987 after a skit in
which a man played a piano with his penis .
" To
me , that goes to the basis of what I do ,
which is outrageous , fun , sort of anything-goes humor , " Stern told
the New York Daily News last month .
But he has said he 's felt hamstrung in recent years by
commercial radio 's increasing timidity .
Near the end of his run
on FM , he could n't even play "best of " bits from
10 years ago because they were deemed too risqu ? .
Nor
could he air the "lesbian dating game " that made him
infamous in the 1980s .
" What happened was the total erosion
of what it is that I do , " Stern told the
Daily News .
" Between the edits , the commercials , the ... ridiculous
way I have to do the censorship on myself .
I
literally take hunks out of my act . "
On Sirius , he wo n't have to worry about the FCC , which
does not regulate satellite radio .
Sirius , in fact , has given
him a whopping deal that is worth more than $ 600
million over five years ( though a portion is in Sirius
stock and some of that money will be used to
pay his staff ) .
Sirius is reaping benefits from the deal .
Subscriptions have more than
quadrupled to 3.3 million since Stern announced he was moving
to the service .
Though not all of that is thanks
to Stern , a sizable portion is .
The deal also gives him two 24-hour stations , which will play
Stern spinoff shows such as a copycat of ABC 's " The
View " using drugged-out prostitutes and " Meet the Shrink , " in which
Stern characters such as Jeff the Drunk meet with therapists .
But , his fans insist , Stern has n't thrived in the fickle world
of radio for two decades solely on the strength of
flatulence jokes and lesbian strippers .
He also has a knack
for carving up celebrities willing to go along with his
sharp tongue .
" He asks the questions nobody else would ask , but you 're thinking
yourself , " says John Clark , who runs an Atlanta-based radio syndication
service that includes the Birmingham-based Rick &amp; Bubba show .
With
stars , Clark says , "nobody wants to know about their latest
movies , but about their sex life . "
He used to listen to Stern in New York and D.C.
in the 1990s and recalls Stern interviewing the late Maurice
Gibb of the Bee Gees , who gabbed about his wild
sexual past .
He also remembers Stern getting the late Papa
John Phillips to tell a story about how after he 'd
had a liver transplant , he went on a road trip ,
ran out of water and started imbibing wine coolers .
" These
celebrities allow Howard to make fun of them , " Clark says .
" I do n't know how he does it . "
Clark does n't think anti-authority Stern will lose his edge now that
his biggest enemy -- the FCC -- is no longer
his bogeyman : " He might be more creative , " Clark says .
" He
wo n't have to look over his shoulder all the time . "
Stern told the Chicago Tribune that Sirius "represents freedom .
It 's not
about getting vulgar . "
And to the L.A. Times : " What sold
my show was honesty .
It would n't have lasted 20 years
otherwise . "
Walter Sabo , a respected New York consultant who works with Sirius
and dozens of AM/FM stations , says Stern may come across
as off the cuff , but he actually does tremendous amounts
of preparation for his show .
" He has extraordinary respect for his audience , " Sabo says .
" He does n't
come in and wing it .
Preparation is the best foundation
for spontaneity . "
Sabo said he 's seen Stern get ready for his satellite radio
debut in recent rehearsals and prep meetings : " He 's on fire .
He 's firing off 20 e-mails a day of ideas .
He 's
bouncing ideas off everybody he has a relationship with . "
Rodney Ho writes for the Atlanta Journal-Constitution . E-mail : rho AT ajc.com
