Boston Scientific Corp. said Monday it would take a year longer
than previously expected for its proposed purchase of Guidant Corp.
to pay off for investors .
When the Natick , Mass .
medical devices company last month disclosed its
$ 25 billion bid to take over Guidant , it predicted the
acquisition would produce tangible new earnings for shareholders by 2008 .
Monday , in a conference call with Wall Street analysts , it
moved that date to 2009 .
Boston Scientific chief financial officer Larry Best said the company , after
reviewing Guidant 's operation , determined it would take more time and
money to rebuild Guidant 's market share in implantable cardiac defibrillators ,
after a series of crippling recalls damaged Guidant 's franchise last
year .
" This is going to take a little longer to get the
recovery optimized , and it is going to take a few
more bucks , " Best said .
" We are going to spend whatever
it takes to help " shore up Guidant , he said .
" Overall , this transaction is still everything that we hoped it would
be , " said Boston Scientific chief executive James Tobin .
Traders on the New York Stock Exchange pushed Boston Scientific 's stock
down 1.37 percent , to $ 25.88 .
Boston Scientific also disclosed fourth-quarter
sales of $ 1.54 billion that were slightly disappointing .
Sales were
$ 30 million short of the average forecast of $ 1.57 billion
among analysts polled by Reuters , and $ 50 million short of
the average among analysts surveyed by Thomson Financial .
Boston Scientific 's marquee product is its Taxus drug-eluting stent , a small
device that is implanted to prop open cleared arteries and
keep blood flowing in patients with coronary artery disease .
The
drug coating prevents scar tissue from forming and creating new
blockages around the device .
The quarterly sales figure reflects continued market share losses for Taxus ,
said Deutsche Bank analyst Tao Levy .
" Clearly , Taxus is not a sustainable long-term growth driver , and management
is looking at Guidant to provide the necessary growth and
diversification , " Levy said in a note .
Boston Scientific made its formal offer for Guidant on Sunday , topping
a $ 21.5 billion bid submitted by rival Johnson &amp; Johnson .
Boston Scientific wants to buy Guidant because it would broaden
its market to include implantable cardiac defibrillators .
Johnson &amp; Johnson had disclosed its intentions to purchase Guidant in
2004 , but the company lowered its bid after short-circuiting problems
with Guidant 's defibrillators became public last year .
Analysts at AG Edwards issued a report Monday that said investors
should not be concerned about the one-year delay in predicted
earnings benefits , calling the company 's forecast "more realistic " given the
investments that will be required to rebuild Guidant 's defibrillator market
share .
" We believe investors should give Boston Scientific a pass " on the
delay , AG Edwards analyst Jan D. Wald said in a
written analysis .
Christopher Rowland can be reached at crowlandglobe .com .
