in the bones . "
They blurt out long paragraphs of information without stopping for breath .
They smile nervously at all the wrong times .
( END OPTIONAL TRIM. )
" This is so uncomfortable , " said Dr. Biren Saraiya , an oncology fellow
at the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey ,
searching in vain for the right words to tell a
jaunty young man that a routine blood test is abnormal
and that the cancer the patient thought he had licked
might be back .
" He 's young , not much older than me , " Saraiya said .
" I am
afraid for him .
But how afraid should I make him ? "
His preceptor , Dr. Robert Arnold , an internist and communications expert at
the University of Pittsburgh , suggested : " Name your emotions .
And then
acknowledge he does n't have to have the same ones . "
Sometimes a phrase like "you pay me to do the worrying "
will strike the right note of empathy and concern , Arnold
said .
Sometimes , though , it will infuriate a patient who hates
to be patronized .
So find out who the patient is ,
he said .
Be direct .
" Say ' Help me understand your story , '
or ' Are you the kind of person who likes to
know all the details ? " ' Arnold said .
" Figure out what kind
of doctor your patient wants you to be . "
( BEGIN OPTIONAL TRIM. )
Over the week , the students learn helpful phrases for all the
landmark conversations of bad cancer , from the first intimation that
a cure is not possible to the discussions of how
and where patients want to live their last weeks .
Saying , " I wish things were different " can let patients and families
know that things are going badly , but emphasize that the
doctor is on their side , said Dr. James Tulsky , a
palliative care expert at Duke . " Hope for the best ; prepare
for the worst " can be a useful mantra , too .
The doctors learn never to give bad news while standing up ,
never to do it in a public corridor , always to
have a box of Kleenex at hand .
They learn not
to try to cheer up patients who have every right
to be grief-stricken .
They learn to address the reasons behind
the question , " How long do I have ? "
rather than just
reciting numbers that are invariably inaccurate .
They also learn every detail of the fictional lives of the
five actors they interview daily : the young man with relapsed
lymphoma , the young mother with metastatic melanoma , the woman whose
bones and liver are riddled with breast cancer .
By the last day of the course , as the actors , visibly
enfeebled , lie in bed and the doctors each tell them
goodbye , there is n't a dry eye in the house .
" This brings back a lot of memories , " said Dr. Raymond Liu ,
an oncology fellow at the University of California , San Francisco ,
reaching for the Kleenex himself .
He had just told the patient with terminal breast cancer , played
by Jeannie Walla , that he had treasured their time together
and that he would miss her .
Walla told him not to worry about his tears .
" For a
