These are not good times for coral reefs .
Ravaged by warming
oceans , pollution and disease , they need all the help they
can get .
Marine reserves , protected areas where fishing is banned , might be useful
in helping reefs thrive .
" People have used marine reserves to
manage reef fish for many years , " said Peter J. Mumby ,
a biologist at the University of Exeter in Britain .
" They
are a potential tool to manage reefs , as well . "
But is what 's good for the fish good for the coral ?
In the Caribbean , scientists have n't been sure .
Reserves that allow
predatory fish like grouper to flourish , the thinking goes , may
be inadvertently harming the reefs by reducing the grouper 's prey ,
parrotfish that help the coral to grow .
So Mumby and colleagues set out to see whether this was
so , by studying fish populations at a reserve in the
Bahamas .
Their finding , published in the journal Science , is that
parrotfish , far from being wiped out , are prospering .
" This reserve
that allowed predators to come back also allowed parrotfish to
come back , " Mumby said .
Parrotfish graze on reefs , eating seaweed that can crowd out the
coral , outcompeting it for nutrients and space .
Until about 20
years ago , long-spine sea urchins also ate the seaweed .
But
disease eliminated most of the urchins , leaving the parrotfish as
the only grazer .
The researchers found that , at the Bahamian reserve , grouper thrived .
And
these predators did sharply reduce the population of smaller parrotfish
species .
But Mumby and his colleagues found that parrotfish longer
than about 6 inches were too big for the grouper
to eat .
So larger species actually showed population gains .
The larger parrotfish were also prodigious grazers .
So while the loss
of smaller parrotfish caused a slight reduction in grazing , the
larger fish more than made up for it .
In all ,
there was a net doubling of grazing , leading to a
fourfold reduction in the amount of seaweed on the reef .
" This is the first time that anyone has shown that setting
up a marine park could have a beneficial effect on
reducing the seaweed , " Mumby said .
But more than that , he
added , it is another indication of the complex interconnections in
any ecosystem .
" It 's never that simple , " he said .
"Ecosystems are
always full of surprises . "
