Denver -- Letting federal tax cuts lapse and pursuing protectionist trade
policies could endanger the country 's economic future , U.S. Secretary of
Commerce Carlos Gutierrez warned Monday .
" Failing to make the president 's tax relief permanent is a huge
mistake , " Gutierrez said .
" It is the wrong time to take
money out of people 's pockets . "
Gutierrez made the remarks at a luncheon attended by about 450
people to recognize the University of Northern Colorado 's Monfort College
of Business .
His comments echoed those of President Bush on
Friday in Chicago .
The United States has added 4.5 million jobs since May 2003 ,
and its economy is growing faster than that of any
other developed country , Gutierrez said .
Inflation is low , productivity is
high and a record number of Americans own homes .
" We believe the future is as bright as it has ever
been , " the commerce secretary said .
But future economic growth requires maintaining a favorable business climate , and
the cornerstone of that is lower taxes , he said .
Other changes the administration would like to pursue include reducing regulatory
hurdles for businesses , building greater protections for intellectual property , and
tort reform .
" We spend more money on suing each other than we do
creating jobs , " he said , citing $ 240 billion in cost associated
with lawsuits , an amount double what the federal government spends
on research and development .
The country must resist calls for greater isolationism , Gutierrez said .
Foreign
trade accounts for one-third of the country 's gross domestic product
and 12 million jobs , he said .
The U.S. economy is creating jobs across a variety of industries ,
said economist Jared Bernstein , with the Economic Policy Institute think
tank in Washington , D.C.
But the pace of annual job growth , 1.5 percent last year ,
is only half the 3.1 percent rate historically seen during
a recovery , Bernstein said .
More troubling , however , is the lack of wage growth .
Except for
the top 10 percent of wage earners , workers have failed
to see paychecks keep pace with inflation .
" We have the potential for considerably higher living standards among working
families , but that potential is n't being realized , " he said .
Gutierrez emigrated from Cuba with his family as a child at
age 7.
He was chief executive of Kellogg Co. before
joining the Bush administration last February .
He oversees 38,000 workers
and a $ 6.5 billion budget at the department .
The commerce department in 2004 recognized the Monfort College of Business
with its Malcolm Baldrige National Quality Award , the first time
a business school received the honor .
