Q : I have 5- and 8-year-old daughters and wonder if I
should ask their dad to stop being naked in front
of them .
A: There is no specific age regarding when parents of either
sex should no longer be naked in front of their
children .
Some parents adopt a very casual approach to this
issue and have no reservations about undressing in front of
their children of either sex .
I find that children generally
take the lead on this issue and express a desire
for their own privacy , then exit the room when their
parents are disrobing .
This is an area where families need to make up their
own rules .
You should be guided by your own comfort
level , as well as that of your youngsters .
You need
to respect your children 's desire for privacy as they should
respect yours .
If you are uncomfortable with your daughters seeing
their father naked , discuss this issue with your husband and
develop a family rule that works for all of you .
When I 've been asked this question during therapy sessions , I have
found that the issue has less to do with nudity ,
and more to do with a concern by one parent
of possible inappropriate behavior by the other parent .
If that
is your concern , talk with your husband immediately .
Discuss this
with a professional if you are not comfortable with his
responses .
Q : I recently left an abusive situation with my husband .
There
was a lot of physical fighting between us .
We have
two children that he never sees .
I 'm confused by how
to answer my children 's questions about their father .
I do n't
want to lie to them , but I 'm not comfortable giving
them a truthful answer regarding some of the things that
happened during our marriage .
A: Always be honest with your children .
However , you do not
need to burden them with unnecessary details or discuss adult
or personal matters .
Tell your children that their father had some serious problems that
caused him to act in ways that were inappropriate .
Reaffirm
to them that any type of abusive or violent behavior
is never acceptable .
Answer your children 's questions honestly , and help
them understand that you left their dad because he was
having problems that resulted in him acting in ways that
were unsafe for you and for them .
There is no
need for you to describe specific events that happened .
Q : My 10-year-old daughter seems very unhappy lately .
I 'm not sure
what to do .
A: If this situation developed only recently , try to talk with
your daughter about what is going on in her life .
I find that most children do better with such conversations
when riding in the car , at mealtimes or when they
are away from the house and the distractions of TV ,
phone , etc . Be careful not to come on too strongly .
Tell her she does n't seem "quite like herself " and see
if she gives you any insight into what might be
going on .
Listen and ask questions , and try not to
give any advice .
If this is more of an ongoing pattern of behavior that
has been occurring for several months or longer , then have
your child evaluated by a mental health professional .
Gregory Ramey is a child psychologist and vice president for outpatient
services at Children 's Medical Center of Dayton .
To ask questions ,
go to the Ask an Expert link at www.childrensdayton .org.web
site--www.childrensdayton .org .
