Washington -- With his previous statements about abortion , civil rights and
government eavesdropping hovering in the background , U.S. Supreme Court nominee
Samuel Alito on Monday assured senators that he rejected all
agendas when he became a judge .
" A judge ca n't have any preferred outcome in any particular case
and a judge certainly does n't have a client , " Alito , 55 ,
told senators .
" A judge 's only obligation , and it is a
solemn obligation , is to the rule of law . "
Alito spoke for about 11 minutes at the end of the
first day of hearings before the Judiciary Committee to determine
if he should be confirmed to the court .
That came
after about four hours of listening to senators talk about
Alito and what they plan to ask him during lengthy
hearings .
Each senator will get a chance to ask Alito questions beginning
Tuesday .
Outside critics and supporters will testify later in the
week and GOP leaders hope for a committee vote on
Jan .
17 .
Republicans overwhelmingly favor Alito and spoke warmly about him .
But even
the Republican chairman of the Judicial Committee made clear he
planned to ask Alito about the limits of executive power .
" This hearing comes at a time of great national concern about
the balance of power between civil rights and the president 's
national security authority , " said Sen. Arlen Specter , R-Penn. , adding that
the president 's decision allow domestic wiretaps without court orders appears
to conflict with Congressional mandates .
Based on their opening statements , senators will query Alito on government
spying , presidential power , civil rights , abortion and other issues likely
to come before the Supreme Court .
" Judge Alito , millions of Americans are very concerned about your nomination , "
said Sen. Dick Durbin , D-Ill .
" They are worried that you
would be a judicial activist who would restrict our rights
and freedoms . "
Republicans repeatedly mentioned Alito 's experience and his endorsement from the American
Bar Association .
Several called him the "most qualified nominee in
70 years . "
Democrats repeatedly mentioned a memo Alito wrote in a 1985 , while
applying for a job in the Reagan Administration , that " the
Constitution does not protect a right to an abortion . "
It
also noted his membership in a Princeton alumni group that
fought efforts to integrate more women and minorities into the
school .
Democrats also questioned Alito 's words in 1985 that what spurred him
into a legal career was a belief that the Supreme
Court under former Chief Justice Earl Warren had gone too
far in extending rights to criminal defendants , on issues dealing
with separation of church and state , and on voting rights .
That referred to a landmark case that said voting districts
must be evenly divided by population .
Alito can explain those statements in one of three ways , said
Sen.
Charles Schumer , D-NY .
Either it was said merely to
advance himself in a job application ; he really believed it ;
or he believed it then and has since changed his
mind .
In his opening statement Alito said that as a judge he
has developed habits including "delaying reaching conclusions until everything has
been considered . "
" Good judges are always open to the possibility of changing their
minds based on the next brief that they read , or
the next argument that 's made by an attorney who 's appearing
before them , or a comment that is made by a
colleague during the conference on the case when the judges
privately discuss the case , " he said .
Democratic senators repeatedly said they expected Alito to answer their questions ,
especially because he has written extensively already on many of
the issues lawmakers want addressed .
Republicans defended his right to
refuse to answer questions that might come before the court ,
calling it the " Ginsberg standard , " because now-Justice Ruth Bader Ginsberg
had refused to do so .
She was confirmed on a
96-3 vote .
Both parties spoke about abortion as an important issue .
" Despite voting to sustain Roe (v. Wade ) in the Third Circuit ,
your opinions also raise questions about how you would rule
if not bound by precedent , " said Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-Calif .
" I will be interested to learn about your legal and
personal views on Roe and the Constitutional right to privacy
as you see it today . "
Sen.
Sam Brownback , R-Kan. , said " the right to abortion is not
in the Constitution , " that legalized abortion has led to the
" complete killing of a whole class of people in America
80 to 90 percent of children diagnosed with Down 's Syndrome
will be killed in the womb . "
Sen.
Tom Coburn , R-Okla. , a physician , said " the debate is going
to be about Roe . "
Republicans chastised Democrats for already holding entrenched anti-Alito positions .
" Listening to the opening statements , I 'm concerned that so many senators
are already in concrete , " Specter said .
" Many of the statements
by the Democrats sounded like indictments . "
Republicans , too , may have made their minds up already .
" As of right now , there 's no question he 's going to get
my vote , " Sen. Orrin Hatch , R-Utah said .
" What I 'm suggesting
is he should have everyone 's vote . "
