immunity early last year .
A second top party official also
fled , but a third , Cheam Channy , stayed behind , was arrested
and is serving a seven-year prison sentence for his opposition
activities .
Many analysts say they are puzzled by Hun Sen's crackdown when
his leadership already seems unassailable .
But in a country where
political life is an endless struggle for power , Hun Sen
seems never to rest .
This time he is using a tactic that has worked well
for Singapore 's leaders and is being tried by Prime Minister
Thaksin Shinawatra of Thailand -- eliminating opposition through lawsuits .
The government spokesman , Khieu Kanharith , offered one rationale , telling the Voice
of America radio station that the arrests on defamation charges
were part of the country 's democratic system .
" We have to sue them , " he said .
" The most important thing
is the general election .
And in a general election in
Cambodia and everywhere in the world , your prestige would be
a great asset . "
Hun Sen said he was filing his lawsuits to protect his
own reputation .
" I am a human being , not an animal ,
and deserve to have my honor and dignity , " he said .
Hun Sen could contend that he had mellowed .
No tanks have
been in the streets and no wave of killings have
occurred as was the case during the coup in 1997
when he seized sole leadership from Norodom Ranarridh , the co-prime
minister installed during the U.N. intervention .
But even during the coup , civil society and human rights groups ,
with their strong backing from donor nations , were , for the
most part , not targets .
" This has been the first breach of the human rights community 's
wall of safety , " said Brad Adams , the Asia director of
Human Rights Watch .
" And so for the human rights community
this is the darkest moment . "
Over the years , these groups have embedded themselves in Cambodian life ,
where , particularly in isolated communities , they often represent people who
distrust the police and fear powerful officials .
(STORY CAN END HERE.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS. )
" Look at the grass roots , what can people do ? " said a
Cambodian reporter who , in the current atmosphere of uncertainty , spoke
on the condition that his name not be used .
" If there is a land grab , they do n't go to the
police first , " he said .
" They go to Adhoc or Licadho "
-- two prominent human rights groups .
" In the village , if a husband beats his wife , she runs
to Adhoc , not to the police , " he said .
" So the
government does not enjoy the way these two groups help
people fight for their rights , for freedom and justice . "
And as he traveled around the country holding seminars with local
people , the reporter said , " Kem Sokha was telling people about
their rights . "
At the time of his arrest , Kem Sokha said he had
expected eventually to be arrested , exiled or killed .
The determination
of people like this is inspiring , said Naly Pilorge , a
Licadho leader .
" It 's funny with a country like Cambodia , with the history of
the Khmer Rouge , you just go , ' Boo! ' and people are
