U.S. District Judge James Redden persists in what many consider one-sided
justice as he virtually excludes one side from his deliberations
about the Columbia River .
Huddling with only government agencies and environmentalists , the judge has ordered
more water spilled over hydroelectric dams .
Last summer ratepayers had to accept $ 75 million in additional power
costs because the judge wo n't accept the study findings by
NOAA Fisheries , the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and the
Bonneville Power Administration .
Those studies indicate that barging young fish
around the Snake and Columbia River dams makes sense .
And
statistical evidence seems to support the government agencies .
Many with economic and transportation interests in the river system believe
the judge is leaving them out .
It appears they are right .
Some of the fault may belong to Redden .
But the Endangered
Species Act also is to blame .
That act puts protection of species not just ahead of everything
else , but to a large degree that 's also the only
thing that has to be considered .
Yet communities always spring up along the great rivers of America .
And humans deserve consideration , too .
Congress has shown interest over the years in revisiting the Endangered
Species Act with this is mind .
It seems sensible .
No one seriously believes salmon and other creatures do n't need help .
But it is a convenient exaggeration by extreme environmentalists to
argue that dams are the principal problem salmon face .
In fact , the numbers of returning salmon are believed by some
scientists to be determined far more by events at sea
than by the existence of hydroelectric dams .
" Environmental groups " in fact include most people on all sides of
the salmon issue .
Those speaking for economic consideration are not
indifferent to the desirability -- even vital necessity -- of
protecting as much of the natural environment as we have
left .
And those who wear the badge of environmentalism as though it
is their exclusive property are beginning in other arenas to
accept reasonable compromise .
For example , Clifford Traisman , a lobbyist for Washington Conservation Voters and
the Washington Environmental Council , declared recent legislative successes spring from
cooperation .
" The environmental community , " he said , "is being more diligent in bringing
win-win issues to the Legislature that not only help protect
our air , land and water , but also help our business-friendly
manner .
That combination has afforded us the opportunity to be
taken more seriously . "
We do not argue for elimination of the Endangered Species Act .
Nor would we want it seriously weakened .
But in a world of diminishing resources and rising energy and
economic expectations , a reasonable balance must be sought in public
policy .
Judge Redden 's reliance on one side -- no matter whether that
side is merely zealous , seriously warped or trying to be
fair to what it imagines the other side 's positions to
be -- is a mistake he should correct .
No matter how wise a judge he may be , his decisions
will be wiser with more complete information .
Tri-City Herald ( Wash .
state )
