Cox News Service GRAND JUNCTION , Colo .
--
A few new memories :
Our older girl , age 5 , has decided my wife and I
need some help raising our 2-year-old , and we 're not embarrassed
to admit she 's sometimes better at parenting her sister than
we are .
Sometimes our younger girl wo n't eat , which can lead to bad
moods and delayed or shortened sleep.
One night , faced with
this situation , Lisa and I resorted to our usual bag
of tricks , which involves coercion , threats , deception and begging .
Seeing this was n't working , our older girl offered this bit of
information to her sister :
" The potatoes hate the meat , " she said , " so put some potato
in your mouth and it will chase the meat down
your throat . "
I 've used that line many times since then .
I have no
idea where my daughter might have heard it , or if
she made it up herself .
Some of my heroes are liars ... of a sort .
Harper Lee .
Stephen King .
J.K. Rowling .
Dr. Seuss .
These people and
others like them make a living making up stories loved
by millions .
If you ca n't be such a person yourself , would n't it be
nice to be the parent of one ?
And if you
are such a lucky parent , how do you learn to
recognize when a "lie " is good and when it might
be an indicator of something insidious ?
For now , I 've decided a great big smile means something positive
is happening .
That 's what I saw on our 2-year-old 's face
last week when she told me about a death-defying feat .
The story sprung from an everyday event : A trip to a
lake with her mother and sister to feed the geese .
The girls stood too close to the water for Lisa 's
comfort , so she told them to back away or they
might fall in .
The girls obeyed by backing away , then
they got close again .
So Lisa made them sit down .
Shortly afterward , they walked around the lake .
Our 2-year-old decided to spice up the tale a bit that
night at dinner .
She told me about being too close
to the water and then , in an apparent moment of
inspiration , made up something new .
" I got too close to
the water , " she said ( basically ) , " then I fell IN the
water and started swimming all around the water . "
Her arms
pumped as she mimicked swimming and her smile grew and
grew in proportion with the bright pink shade her face
turned .
Flabbergasted , all I could think to do was laugh .
Mommy 's eyes
and mouth were both open wide , in a good way .
Sweetheart , I asked , was n't the water cold ?
No answer , just a bigger smile .
We 're going to be in
big trouble when she develops a poker face .
If there 's a cheesy movie you loved when you were a
kid , there 's a good chance your own kids will get
a kick out of it .
Our daughters have enjoyed " Willy
Wonka and the Chocolate Factory , " the campy 1966 big-screen version
of the " Batman " TV show with Adam West and , particularly ,
" The Wizard of Oz . "
Over the weekend , I served up the ultimate cheese : " King Kong
vs.
Godzilla . "
The fuss over the current " Kong " remake has
led to older films about the character being re-released to
home video , including the two made by Toho , the studio
responsible for Godzilla and many other giant rubber-suit monsters , and
I rented it .
The movie has a giant , fire-breathing reptile , a giant gorilla and
a giant , land-walking octopus .
Homes are smashed and tanks are
melted .
It 's got everything a kid could want .
Well , maybe everything a boy could want , but my girls were
less than enthralled .
Aside from the 2-year-old slapping her belly
while Kong beat his chest on screen , they largely lost
interest about halfway through and I suspect they only stuck
with it to humor me .
Todd Powell writes for The Daily Sentinal ( Grand Junction , Colo . ) .
E-mail :
tpowellgjds.com
