by . Tuton said he did not expect this to be
a problem , because PlatePass users would know that what they
were doing was legal .
( BEGIN OPTIONAL TRIM. )
Rather than registering them as cheaters , the turnpike 's electronic system would
scan the PlatePass list for their names and charge the
tolls to their credit cards , with American Traffic collecting a
small surcharge .
" It is far more cost-effective than putting tags into an entire
fleet of rental cars , " said Tuton .
( END OPTIONAL TRIM. )
PlatePass is expected to be introduced before the end of the
first quarter in Houston , he said .
So far no other
toll road authorities have signed up for the service , pending
the outcome of the Texas test , although some rental car
companies are said to be interested in testing the system .
American Traffic Solutions is also planning a PlatePass option for
motorists driving their own cars .
( BEGIN OPTIONAL TRIM. )
Another company that has stepped into the breach separating toll collection
systems is Rent A Toll in Dallas .
It relies on
several technologies , including plate-tracking systems , transponders and other wireless devices
to address what it says are its rivals ' shortcomings : a
limited coverage area ( like the transponders used by Highway Toll
Administration ) or not allowing motorists to use a gated toll
booth ( like PlatePass ) .
Rent A Toll , like PlatePass , is planning
to offer its system to all motorists eventually -- not
just car rental agencies .
" The ability to drive across the country without having to stop
at a tollbooth is really cool , " said Ben Robinson , Rent
A Toll 's president .
" Travelers absolutely need it .
But none of
the solutions that are out there make everyone happy yet .
We 're trying to be as flexible as possible in order
to accommodate everyone . "
Robinson said that Rent A Toll was in discussions with several
major car rental companies but was "weeks and maybe months
away " from revealing specifics about its technology or its clients .
( END OPTIONAL TRIM. )
Meanwhile , new toll roads are popping up all over the place .
Last spring , an 11-mile stretch of Interstate 394 in Minneapolis
previously reserved for carpools became a toll road for solo
drivers .
In September , a 5-mile toll section of the President
George Bush Turnpike , called the "missing link , " went into service
in Dallas .
And last month , 5 new miles of the
Daniel Webster Western Beltway opened to toll traffic near Orlando ,
Fla .
Frequent travelers are becoming increasingly agitated by the roadblocks .
" Most business
travelers do n't object to paying a toll , " said Patrick D.
Jones , the executive director of the International Bridge , Tunnel and
Turnpike Association , a trade group of toll road operators .
" They
object to waiting in line to pay a toll . "
(STORY CAN END HERE.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS. )
With scores of new toll roads scheduled to open in 2006
and many more likely to be built in coming years ,
the demand for anything that lets a driver pass quickly
through a tollbooth is high .
Car rental companies know it .
A Hertz spokesman , Richard Broome , acknowledged
that toll payment systems were an "area of interest " to
