In proposing a $ 222 billion public works improvement --
and spending -- blitz that would reshape California , Gov. Arnold
Schwarzenegger last week began a delicate political balancing act with
few allies at a time when he needs them most .
Faced with sagging popularity among voters and a re-election bid just
10 months away , he has alienated his base of conservative
support with his spending and borrowing plans .
Even many Democrats ,
already wary after last year 's bruising special election , think his
plans are too ambitious for the state 's fiscal capabilities .
But by admitting he made a mistake by calling the special
election , the governor has taken a calculated gamble that he
can regain the political center and win re-election .
" He needs to bring back to the tent moderate swing voters
and moderate Democrats , " said political analyst Sherry Bebitch Jeffe of
the University of Southern California .
" If he can do that ,
that 's where the arithmetic is . "
Many fiscal conservatives supported Schwarzenegger in the 2003 recall and early
in his administration because of his strong anti-tax , pro-business stance .
But since his special-election efforts failed two months ago , he
has alienated the right by making several moves toward the
middle , including hiring a Democratic chief of staff and proposing
a minimum-wage hike .
Now , his proposal that the state borrow $ 68 billion over the
next 10 years to repair crumbling infrastructure has not helped
his case with them .
" The governor has abandoned any notion of being a fiscal conservative , "
said Mike Spence , president of the conservative activist group California
Republican Assembly .
" The recall and reform movement he is declaring
dead and he has basically capitulated and actually gone further
to the left than even most Democratic officeholders have proposed . "
Jon Coupal , president of the Howard Jarvis Taxpayers Association , was more
cautious , saying he wants to see more of the governor 's
plans before passing judgment .
Coupal said he was glad to see no proposed tax increases
and agrees with the idea of hiking some fees directly
related to infrastructure use .
He also agrees bond issuance should be split into categories and
spread over multiple elections -- as the governor has proposed
-- so it is less for voters to absorb at
one time .
But the $ 68 billion in borrowing "is an awful lot , " said
Coupal , who prefers a pay-as-you-go approach to infrastructure .
" We 're always concerned with debt because it 's not just a long-term
obligation for us , those who are now policymakers , but our
children and grandchildren , " Coupal said .
" That ultimately requires a higher
degree of scrutiny . "
And the governor 's plan to hike the minimum wage , Coupal added ,
is "horrible " and would end up hurting low-wage workers by
forcing businesses into layoffs .
Republican legislators are divided over the governor 's proposal .
Assemblyman Keith Richman ,
R-Granada Hills , reflecting the party 's moderate wing , is glad to
see the governor focus on the state 's neglected infrastructure .
" I think it 's critical we do invest in our infrastructure for
the future , " Richman said .
" If we 're going to compete in
the global economy , we need to invest in our schools ,
our transportation and other infrastructure needs . "
Assemblywoman Audra Strickland , R-Moorpark , a more conservative member , said while she
appreciates the emphasis on infrastructure , she opposes new bond borrowing .
But Sen. Tom McClintock , R-Thousand Oaks , one of the state 's leading
fiscal conservatives , said he would consider supporting bonds if they
meet the right criteria -- such as funding projects that
have a long-term return and regional or statewide appeal .
Meanwhile , the governor 's Democratic opponents from last year 's special election are
expected to remain politically active this year .
Members of the Alliance for a Better California -- a union
coalition formed last year to fight the governor 's special election
measures -- will meet soon to discuss the governor 's proposals
and form its own plans for the year .
Gale Kaufman , the group 's political strategist , said she believes the governor
missed some of the lessons from last year -- namely
that voters want to see more immediate increases in school
funding and health care .
" If you 're talking about a long-term investment in the future , why
was n't there any emphasis in the speech at all on
the promises that still need to be delivered relative to
education funding , health care needs for children and other things
he clearly did n't mention ? "
Kaufman said .
" A strategy for 20 years from now is nice , but I
do n't believe that 's what voters came out of the booth
saying they thought that 's what he should be focused on . "
Schwarzenegger has been talking about reviving bipartisan cooperation and said he
hopes the need for fixing some of the state 's problems
will help bring the parties together in negotiations .
" I think that it is good that the Republicans talk about
fiscal responsibility , " Schwarzenegger said Friday during an event to detail
his flood-control plan .
" I think it is good that the
Democrats talk about building and getting enthusiastic about that .
The
key thing is now that we bring the two together . "
But while Democratic leaders have said they are willing to work
with the governor , they also say they believe the scope
of what he is proposing might be too big .
Senate president pro tem Don Perata , D-Oakland , said the size of
the governor 's proposal could make it difficult because he does
not believe the state has the cash to service the
debt .
He thinks the public will be skeptical and will need to
be presented with a very specific case , with discussions of
specific projects such as improving the 405 freeway , to support
a bond .
He also thinks it will be hard to get enough Republicans
on board .
" I imagine ( Republican legislators ) will have some difficulty , " Perata said .
" But
the fact is bonds require a two-thirds vote .
We 're going
to be in this together or not at all . "
