President Bush visited an exemplary school in
suburban Baltimore on Monday to say that his signature education
law , No Child Left Behind , was working and that he
would resist any move by educators and Congress to change
it .
" I'll fight any attempt to do that , " Bush said at North
Glen Elementary School here .
" I 'm just not going to let
it happen .
We 're making too much progress . "
The president was evidently alluding to amendments to the law introduced
by Maine 's two senators , Susan Collins and Olympia J. Snowe ,
both Republicans , that the senators say would make the law
less onerous for local school districts .
More broadly , many educational groups as well as school boards , state
legislators and teachers ' unions have called for an overhaul of
the law because they say it has grown unwieldy and
incomprehensible , and describes many schools as failing when they are
not .
Since 2002 , the law has required that tests be given annually
to children in third through eighth grade and once in
high school .
Bush made his comments on the fourth anniversary of his signing
of the act and said he had singled out as
a backdrop North Glen , a school that has a large
number of black students , because of its achievements under the
law , which was aimed largely at helping disadvantaged minority students .
In 2003 , Bush said , tests showed that 57 percent of North
Glen students were proficient in reading and 46 percent were
proficient in math .
In 2005 , he said , 82 percent were
proficient in reading and 84 percent in math .
" It 's great news , is n't it ? "
Bush said .
As for national results , Bush said that in 2005 , " America 's fourth-graders
posted the best scores in reading and math in the
history of the test . "
But some educators said that Bush was selectively citing statistics to
bolster his point of view and that a nationwide test
administered in 2005 showed the law had achieved mixed results .
For example , while math scores on the test were up slightly ,
eighth-grade reading scores showed a decline .
Test results also indicated
that there had been only modest progress toward closing the
achievement gap between white and minority students .
John F. Jennings , president of the Center on Education Policy , a
nonprofit group that does an annual survey of the No
Child Left Behind law , said on Monday that Bush was
" claiming more credit than he can for the act . "
Jennings added : " Nobody knows yet whether the act is working .
The
act has been successful in focusing attention on closing the
achievement gap , but nobody can say that it in fact
has closed the gap . "
Educators have also said that Bush has never fully financed the
legislation to the extent authorized under the law .
Although the
Bush administration has increased spending on education since the Clinton
administration , the money for No Child Left Behind stayed at
the same level -- $ 24.5 billion -- in 2004 and
2005 .
For 2006 , because of overall budget cuts , the Bush
administration decreased financing for the act , to $ 23.5 billion .
