A recent theory promoting a new Big Three did n't
take hold within Mavericks circles , being shot down faster than
any Ron Artest trade rumor or movement to name Kobe
Bryant sportsman of the year .
" How do you create a new Big Three with this many
guys ? "
Jerry Stackhouse asked almost sarcastically .
" It just does n't make
any sense . "
The Mavs , in Boston to begin a two-game road trip tonight ,
were once all about the Big Three .
Built around Steve
Nash , Michael Finley and Dirk Nowitzki , the others played supporting
parts .
Not anymore .
The 2005-06 edition is , if anything , either the Big One ( Nowitzki )
or the Big Unit .
Most tend to lean toward the
latter .
" There 's room for a Big Four , a Big Five , whatever , " Mavs
owner Mark Cuban said .
" Once the Big Three got branded ,
they were the Big Three .
Even when we got other
players that could play , it did n't matter .
" This is different from the old Big Three , which was based
on scoring .
Our guys now are a little bit more
multifaceted .
That 's not to take anything away from Fin or
Steve , but that 's not what they were asked to do .
Our guys now are asked to do more and that
changes the dynamic . "
Nowitzki is the unquestioned leader and is putting together another season
worthy of MVP debate .
He 's seventh in the league in
scoring ( 26.0) , the team 's top rebounder ( 9.0) , and shooting 46
percent from the floor and 90 percent at the line .
Nowitzki is hardly doing it alone .
And to single out one
or two key contributors on a roster with this kind
of depth and versatility does n't compute .
" With everybody healthy , we have 10 , 11 guys who can go
out there and make things happen for us , " said Nowitzki ,
headed to his fifth straight All-Star Game .
" At every position -- center , forwards , guards -- anybody can make
stuff happen . "
Jason Terry , Josh Howard , Marquis Daniels , Devin Harris and Stackhouse are
each averaging at least 11 points .
Keith Van Horn recently
dipped below 10 for the first time this season .
Erick Dampier , DeSagana Diop , Adrian Griffin , Howard , Daniels and Van Horn
average at least four rebounds per game .
Terry , Daniels and
Harris average at least three assists .
Avery Johnson , perhaps headed to All-Star Game in Houston as the
Western Conference coach , has transformed an established offensive juggernaut into
a team that believes it can win with its defense .
The Mavs are 4-2 this season when scoring less than 90 .
They were 2-14 the previous two seasons combined .
" We do n't really have any holes , " Stackhouse said .
" We can score
the ball with anybody when we want to , and if
we put forth the effort defensively , we can guard any
team .
" We can defend the basket with our big guys .
We 've got
quickness on the perimeter .
We 've got savvy , good skills .
We 've
got rebounding .
We 've got players that step up in big-time
situations . "
With the trading deadline six weeks away , the Mavs do n't have
any pressing needs .
Any potential deal will have to be
an upgrade .
" The more that they can hold their group together and not
have changes , they will get a better understanding of what
it takes to get to the championship level , " said Steve
" Snapper " Jones , a former player and current ESPN/ABC analyst .
" You
look at San Antonio and Detroit , they have n't made major
changes to the core group . "
The Mavs ( 25-9 ) have overcome a series of injuries to stay
right behind San Antonio ( 26-8 ) atop the West .
They 've been
solid at home ( 13-4 ) and very strong ( 12-5 ) on the
road .
The Mavs are 5-1 against last season 's conference finalists , 12-1 against
teams with losing records and 18-4 in games decided by
nine or fewer points .
In other words , they 've built their record by beating the contenders ,
pretenders and in close games .
The Mavs are 12th in
the league in scoring (98.4 ) and 10th in scoring defense
( 94.3 ) ,
and on a pace to go 60-22 .
" It 's a no-brainer , " Griffin said .
" You see the talent offensively , and
if you mix in a little defense , we 're going to
be tough to beat . "
Griffin played on the last true Big Three team in 2002-03 ,
the only squad in franchise history to win 60 games .
( Nash , Nowitzki and Finley played together the following season , but
Antoine Walker and Antawn Jamison were added to the mix . )
" It was the best offensive team I 've ever been on , " Griffin
said of the '02-03 team .
" It 's the other way around
now . "
In more ways than one ... or three .
( Art Garcia , agarciastar-telegram.com .
Visit the Star-Telegram 's online service at www .star-telegram.com . )
( Art Garcia , agarciastar-telegram.com .
Visit the Star-Telegram 's online service at www .star-telegram.com . )( Art
Garcia ,
agarciastar-telegram.com .
Visit the Star-Telegram 's online service at www .star-telegram.com . )
