The press has spilled plenty of ink writing about Jack Abramoff ,
the powerful Washington lobbyist at the center of an extensive
corruption scandal .
But little noticed is that among Abramoff 's many clients was the
press itself , at least part of it .
In 2000 , he
represented the Magazine Publishers Association , and it turns out that
some of the association 's money may have been funneled to
Abramoff 's political allies .
In documents last week in which Abramoff pleaded guilty to mail
fraud and conspiracy to bribe public officials , he revealed that
he and an unidentified congressional aide worked to stave off
an increase in postal rates -- a significant benefit for
an industry that depends on the postal service .
The plea document said that Abramoff and the congressional aide performed
" a series of official acts , including assisting in stopping legislation
regarding Internet gambling and opposing postal rate increases . "
The corruption scandal could involve dozens of members of Congress , political
operatives and lobbyists suspected of arranging bribes in exchange for
favorable legislation and other benefits .
The magazine association paid at least $ 1.4 million from 2000 to
2003 to Preston Gates Ellis &amp; Rouvelas Meeds , the firm
where Abramoff was the chief lobbyist .
Howard Rubenstein , the public relations executive who represents the association , said
the amount was $ 1.8 million ; a spokeswoman for Preston Gates
said the amount at $ 1.4 million .
The money was part of a broader , $ 10 million campaign by
the association to keep postal rates down , explore reform of
the postal system and seek alternate means of delivering magazines .
Abramoff left the firm at the end of 2000 and the
association stopped using Preston Gates in 2003 .
But , Rubenstein said ,
" Jack Abramoff was one of a number of people at
Preston Gates who worked on the MPA account . "
The postal rate increases were deferred while the association was a
client of Abramoff , but that deferment was short-lived .
The rates
went up 10 percent in June 2002 , costing the magazine
industry an additional $ 200 million a year ; they went up
again Sunday , for an estimated additional cost of $ 180 million
a year .
It is not clear who did what for whom in terms
of staving off the rate increase , but Rubenstein said that
magazine executives were "deeply disturbed by the recent allegations concerning
Abramoff 's conduct and they are in the process of looking
into the nature of his involvement in Preston Gate 's work
on behalf of MPA . "
He declined to say whether the Justice Department had interviewed association
officials , but said those officials "feel they may be one
of the victims and will cooperate fully " with the investigation .
The magazine association made another payment that is under scrutiny .
In 2000 , the association made a $ 25,000 contribution to a nonprofit
group called Toward Tradition , an alliance of Jews and evangelical
Christians , based on what Rubenstein called a directive from Preston
Gates .
People involved in the investigation have said that Abramoff
funneled money through Toward Tradition to the wife of his
associate , Tony C. Rudy , a former top aide to Rep.
Tom Delay , R-Texas .
" They had absolutely no knowledge of how that money would be
used , and if it turns out that it was used
for an improper purpose , the MPA would be , quite frankly ,
outraged , " Rubenstein said .
Genevieve Woodard , a spokeswoman for Preston Gates , said , "neither the firm
nor the MPA knew that Jack was diverting payments to
the congressional staffer 's wife . "
Postal rates are a central concern to publishers .
" We actually spend
more on postage than we do on paper , " Ann Moore ,
chairman and chief executive of , said last year at a
forum on the subject .
" Mail is our single largest line
item expense , so this really threatens our business . "
