You can have fun with the 215-horsepower car -- just
not as much .
The Crossfire itself is based on the
Mercedes-Benz C-class chassis and is closely related to the Mercedes
SLK roadster , which of course costs a lot more .
It 's also closely related to the CLK , which uses the same
vehicle architecture and the same drivetrain as the Crossfire .
The car is not built by Chrysler .
It is manufactured in
Germany by Karmann , and it represents the first major sharing
of technology and parts with Mercedes-Benz since its parent , Daimler
Benz , bought Chrysler Corp. to create DaimlerChrysler .
The base Crossfire comes with either a six-speed manual or five-speed
Autostick automatic transmission , both from other Mercedes products .
Our SRT6 , though , came with the automatic , which is the only
transmission offered in the high-powered version .
This seems a bit odd , considering that most people looking for
a true performance car would prefer a manual gearbox .
The
Autostick does allow for manual shifting of the automatic , however ,
but you do n't have to use a clutch .
Although the Crossfire is very German in its construction and manners ,
its styling is all-American , having come from the Chrysler design
studios .
It 's a low-slung sports car in the tradition of
a Corvette , with an eye-catching sculptured appearance , aggressive front end
and severely sloped rear end .
And if you liked the coupe , you 're going to love the
convertible .
It 's quite beautiful , especially with the top down .
The power top opens and closes by holding down a button
on the center console between the driver and passenger after
the center roof latch is released .
You do n't have to worry about lowering the windows first --
the power-top switch lowers them for you before the top
starts to move .
And when you close the top , the
windows close automatically if you keep the button depressed after
the top moves to the closed position .
Our test vehicle , which unfortunately was n't the convertible model , came with
a long list of standard equipment .
Among the safety features are side air bags , four-wheel disc antilock
brakes with electronic brake assist , traction control , electronic stability control
and even a tire pressure monitoring system .
Inside , the car had dual-zone climate control , heated power front seats ,
leather seats and steering wheel , security system with alarm , tilt/telescopic
steering column , universal garage/gate opener , cruise control , power windows with
one-touch down and up , and power door locks with a
central locking switch and remote control .
Graphite metallic clear-coat paint was on the exterior of our car ,
and it matched nicely with the dark , slate gray leather
interior .
The car has great curb appeal , even without the
amazing performance .
Everywhere I took it , people gawked at it , and some came
up and asked about it .
Even though the Crossfire has
been on the market for a while , it 's still a
vehicle that most people have never seen .
The SRT6 's EPA fuel economy ratings are decent for a performance
vehicle such as this : 17 miles per gallon in the
city and 24 on the highway .
Of course , to get
