The growth of national health spending slowed in 2004 ,
mainly because insurers reined in drug costs so that spending
on pharmaceuticals increased at the slowest rate in a decade ,
the Bush administration announced Monday .
Total health care spending rose 7.9 percent in 2004 , to $ 1.9
trillion , or an average of $ 6,280 a person , the administration
said .
That represents 16 percent of the nation 's economy , the
highest share on record .
Spending on prescription drugs rose 8.2 percent , to $ 188.5 billion in
2004 , the government said .
This was the first year of
single-digit growth in retail drug sales since 1994 .
But spending on hospitals and doctors ' services surged in 2004 , and
the nation spent far more on them than on prescription
drugs .
The 8.6 percent increase in spending for hospital care and the
9 percent increase in payments to doctors were the highest
recorded since 1991 .
The new figures do not reflect the cost of the Medicare
prescription drug benefit , which took effect this month .
Stephen Heffler ,
a government economist , has previously said that the benefit will
have "only a minor impact on overall health spending , " but
will redistribute costs so the federal government bears a larger
share of drug spending .
Cynthia Smith , an economist at the federal Centers for Medicare and
Medicaid Services , said the slowdown in drug spending resulted from
greater use of low-cost generic drugs , in place of brand-name
products ; increased use of mail-order services to dispense drugs ; and
"reduced consumption of certain drugs " because of safety concerns .
" U.S. health care spending grew more slowly in 2004 than in
the three previous years , " Smith and three colleagues said in
a report published in the journal Health Affairs .
" Prescription drug
spending has been the strongest factor in the slowdown in
recent years . "
Mark Merritt , president of the Pharmaceutical Care Management Association , said the
new data vindicated the techniques used by members of his
organization to manage drug spending .
These companies , known as pharmacy
benefit managers , include Caremark Rx , Express Scripts and Medco Health
Solutions .
But , Merritt said , at the federal and state levels , "lobbyists for
brand-name drugmakers , chain drugstores , trial lawyers and others are working
to undermine many of the tools we have used to
reduce the rate of growth in drug spending . "
For example ,
he said , brand-name drug companies have resisted state laws that
encourage the substitution of generic drugs .
Andrea Hofelich , a spokeswoman for the Generic Pharmaceutical Association , a trade
group , said patients received generic drugs for 53 percent of
the prescriptions filled in 2004 .
But , Hofelich said , the costs
were so much lower that those drugs accounted for only
12 percent of drug spending .
Paul B. Ginsburg , president of the Center for Studying Health System
Change , a private group that tracks health costs , said he
took little comfort from the new data .
The latest slowdown must be viewed in context , Ginsburg said .
Health
spending grew at abnormally high rates in 2001 and 2002
because consumers forced insurers to relax many restrictions of managed
care , like rules requiring patients to get authorization from a
primary care doctor before visiting a specialist .
" The rate of growth in health spending slowed in 2004 , but
it 's still substantially higher than trends in earnings , which are
the key to being able to afford health care , " Ginsburg
said .
" Health insurance is becoming less affordable to more people . "
As usual , health spending grew faster than the economy or consumer
prices .
The Consumer Price Index , a widely used measure of
inflation , increased 3.3 percent in 2004 .
(STORY CAN END HERE.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS. )
The government 's annual report on health spending , issued Monday , includes these
highlights :
-- Spending for hospital care totaled $ 570.8 billion .
Hospital spending by
private insurers rose 9.5 percent , while Medicaid spending on hospitals
increased 9.9 percent .
-- Spending for doctors ' services climbed to $ 399.9 billion in 2004 .
Medicare spending on doctors rose 11.1 percent , up from an
increase of 8.8 percent in 2003 .
Doctors are performing more
services and more complex services , for which they receive higher
fees from Medicare .
-- Payments to independent home health agencies have been rising more
rapidly than any other category of health spending .
They increased
11.1 percent in 2003 and 13.3 percent in 2004 , to
$ 43.2
billion .
Medicare spending for home care shot up 19.3
percent last year , partly because of rapid growth in home-based
hospice services .
-- Spending on care provided by skilled nursing homes rose 4.3
percent last year , to $ 115 billion .
Medicaid accounts for 44
percent of that spending .
The federal government has restricted the
techniques states can use to finance their share of these
Medicaid costs .
Medicaid spending on nursing homes rose just 3
percent last year , compared with an increase of 5.3 percent
in 2003 .
Overall , public spending on health care grew faster than private spending
in 2004 .
Medicare spending , for people who are 65 and
older or disabled , rose 8.9 percent in 2004 , to $ 309
billion , partly because of a new law that increased payments
to health maintenance organizations and rural health care providers .
By contrast , Medicaid spending grew 7.9 percent in 2004 , to $ 290.9
billion .
Efforts to hold down drug costs slowed the growth
in Medicaid spending , which was 11 percent in 2002 and
almost 9 percent in 2003 .
