Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger 's mishap offers a glimpse at a
much larger safety trend -- the number of people injured
and killed in motorcycle accidents has gone up considerably in
the last decade .
In 2004 , an estimated 76,000 riders were injured and a confirmed
4,008 died in motorcycle crashes , compared with 57,000 injuries and
2,320 deaths in 1994 , according to the U.S. agency that
regulates auto safety .
The increase is particularly dramatic among riders over age 40 --
1,847 died in 2004 compared with 541 in 1994 , said
the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration .
Federal safety officials do n't fully understand the age trend since older
folks tend to be safer drivers .
But at least part
of it is a function of demographics -- more new
riders are coming into the hobby later in life and
longtime riders are aging .
Plus , there are more bikes on
the road .
Schwarzenegger , 58 , was riding his motorcycle near his Los Angeles home
Sunday afternoon with son Patrick , 12 , in tow in the
bike 's sidecar , both wearing helmets .
Another driver backed out of a driveway in the governor 's path
and he did n't have enough time to avoid the collision ,
spokeswoman Margita Thompson said in a statement .
The governor needed
15 stitches to patch up a cut lip .
NHTSA spokesman Rae Tyson said in multi-vehicle crashes -- about half
of motorcycle accidents involve only the bike -- nearly 80
percent are the fault of the person driving the other
vehicle .
" What that illustrates is riding a motorcycle needs to be a
much more defensive activity than if you are driving something
else , " said Tyson , himself a rider for more than 35
years .
" Motorists either ca n't see you well or did n't see
you at all or misjudged your speed .
All those things
can be factors . "
Tom Lindsay , a spokesman for the American Motorcyclists Association , which represents
260,000 members , said he thinks law enforcement needs to get
more aggressive about penalizing at-fault drivers .
NHTSA has found a strong correlation between states that require helmets
and crash outcomes .
For example , Florida eliminated its helmet law in 2000 .
Motorcycle deaths
increased in that state 81 percent when comparing 2001-2003 to
1997-1999 .
The national death rate for the same period increased
48 percent , NHTSA said .
Some of the increase could be
attributed to more bikes on the road .
" When a state repeals its helmet law , we see an increase
in injuries and fatalities almost without fail , " Tyson said .
" California
has been wise to resist any effort to repeal its
helmet law . "
In 1992 , the first year of California 's helmet requirement for all
riders , 332 motorcyclists died in traffic crashes , compared with 512
in 1991 , according to studies cited by the Advocates for
Highway and Auto Safety .
The group is lobbying to increase the number of states with
all-rider helmet requirements from 20 .
Seven states have repealed their
helmet laws since the late 1990s , said the group 's president ,
Judith Lee Stone .
" Helmets are the most effective thing to do to prevent head
injury , " said Stone , who does n't believe education and training is
sufficient by itself .
The safety group said that motorcycles make up less than 2
percent of registered vehicles and less than half a percent
of all vehicle miles traveled , but their riders account for
more than 9 percent of traffic fatalities nationwide .
Federal safety officials estimate that helmets are 37 percent effective in
preventing fatal injuries .
About 8.8 million motorcycles were used by about 23.5 million riders
in 1993 , according to the Motorcycle Safety Foundation and Motorcycle
Industry Council .
California had about 1.1 million of the bikes , and of those ,
about 723,300 were in active use , the groups said .
The average age of a motorcycle owner was 41 with an
average annual salary of $ 55,850 in 1993 , compared with age
27 earning $ 25,600 in 1985 , according to a survey commissioned
by the industry council .
Congress last year allocated funds for the first major study on
motorcycle accident causes since the 1970s , Tyson said .
" Motorcycles have changed , laws have changed , training has changed , virtually every
variable has changed since the last causation study , " he said .
" We do n't know whether motorcycles are more or less safe . "
Tyson said the demand for motorcycle training courses outweighs the supply
of classes .
He said Harley-Davidson has begun offering riding classes
through its dealership network .
For safety tips and curriculum information : http ://www.msf-usa.org/
