Eight years ago , one day after Ryan Leaf nearly led Washington
State to an upset of Michigan in the Rose Bowl ,
Colts general manager Bill Polian sat in his seat at
the Orange Bowl and watched gimpy Tennessee quarterback Peyton Manning
throw for a measly 134 yards in a 42-17 pounding
by Nebraska .
To Polian , Manning 's poor performance that night in front of a
national television audience -- he passed for nearly 200 yards
below his average that season -- did n't much matter .
Four months later , the Colts chose Manning with the first pick
and left Leaf to the Chargers with the second .
We
all know how that turned out .
" We evaluate thoroughly , " Polian said of the influence the bowl games
had on his decision .
" We evaluate the guys ' whole career
from start to finish .
I did n't think there was anything
untoward about Peyton in that game .
They lost to a
better team and he was playing on a bad knee . "
That is the question being raised around the NFL in the
wake of Texas quarterback Vince Young 's scintillating performance in the
Rose Bowl : How much influence do you place on one
game ?
Prior to the Rose Bowl , it appeared a foregone conclusion that
Reggie Bush would be the first player picked .
Matt Leinart ,
due to the value of his position , would be next
and Young , if he chose not to return to school ,
perhaps somewhere in the top 10 .
Now , after overshadowing the two USC stars -- and everyone else
on the field -- how much has Young 's performance changed
things ?
" There 's an old saying in scouting : Do n't upgrade a guy based
on an all-star game and do n't downgrade a guy based
on an all-star game , " Polian said .
" In a general sense ,
the same is true of a bowl game .
But I
was at the Fiesta Bowl and it was the same
as the Rose Bowl .
Those were intense , hard-fought football games .
That 's something you put stock in , but again , it 's only
part of the puzzle . "
What was significant about Young 's performance is that , as an unconventional
quarterback , he has to prove his skill set will translate
to the pros .
While he wo n't be running through NFL defenses with quite the
ease that he did against the Trojans and his throwing
motion remains disquieting , Young 's leadership skills and accuracy in a
high-stakes setting were impressive , one scout said .
" If you asked me two years ago , I would have said
he 's a heck of an athlete , but I do n't think
he can play quarterback , " said the scout , from an AFC
team .
" But the guy 's gotten better .
I ca n't count him
out .
" I do n't think you 're ever going to fix his throwing motion
and he 's going to have some shortcomings , but with everything
else he can do you live with it .
He 's cool ,
he 's a big-game competitor , he 's got all the intangibles .
People
compare him to Mike Vick because of the athletic ability ,
but his teammates love him and he 's got the respect
of his coaches .
I do n't think you can say that
about a guy like Vick .
What he did is what
Tom Brady does . "
If Young may have changed some minds , Bush and Leinart were
more likely to reinforce opinions .
Polian , who watched USC play in person twice this season , scoffed
at those who questioned Leinart 's arm strength , instead crediting safety
Michael Griffin with a tremendous break on the ball he
intercepted .
As for Bush , he said : " All I know is
every time he touches the ball , you hold your breath . "
Of Bush , the scout said : " He was n't the best player on
the field for the first time in his career , but
he still had a real good game . "
Of Leinart , the scout said : " He played well in the second
half , but everybody knows what he is -- they 've been
watching him closely for two years .
He 's a good game
manager , but he 's not going to win a game by
himself .
He needs a bunch of guys around him . "
There 's still four months to go before the draft , but the
Texans have told Bush 's camp they are still enamored with
him .
If the Saints hire Mike Martz , who has seen
what few others have in Trent Green , Kurt Warner and
Mark Bulger , they would figure to target Leinart , whose decision
making would be valued -- as well as his marketing
appeal if they expect to be in Los Angeles after
next season .
That could put Young in Tennessee , where he would wait behind
his mentor Steve McNair , whom he has known since high
school .
Nevertheless , despite all the excitement in Houston last week over the
Texans securing the rights to -- presumably -- Bush , Young 's
performance has changed that dynamic , too .
Now the hue and cry is for the Texans to dump
David Carr and keep Young , a Houston native , at home .
At this time in 1998 , Polian got an earful , too .
Manning
could n't win the big one , Leaf had more upside .
" That was said in the media , " Polian said .
" I do n't think
anybody ever said it in the meetings .
I 've never put
much stock in what 's been said publicly .
We do n't concern
ourselves with the stories when we 're trying to make accurate
judgments . "
That may be sage advice , but it might be hard to
remember when watching film of the Rose Bowl and wondering
what might be .
