Massachusetts health officials Monday ordered pharmacists to fill prescriptions under the
new Medicare drug plan after learning that some senior citizens
are being denied their medications .
The emergency action was taken after federal Medicare officials spoke with
state officials about similar measures taken by other states -
including Connecticut , Maine , New Hampshire , and Vermont - since the
benefit went into effect Jan 1 .
Some seniors have been
unable to get prescriptions filled because pharmacists cannot confirm their
new insurance coverage .
" We did n't want to wait any longer , " said state Medicaid director
Beth Waldman .
" We wanted to make sure folks were n't walking
away from the pharmacies without their medication . "
The move , which will cost the state between $ 1.5 and $ 2
million a day , ensures three groups will receive prescriptions immediately :
low-income seniors , disabled people on Medicaid , and those receiving benefits
under the state 's Prescription Advantage drug subsidy program .
About 262,000
Massachusetts residents who should be covered under the Medicare program
are affected .
Pharmacists have been instructed to fill their prescriptions
and bill the state .
The state will try to collect the money from the individual
insurance companies that provide Medicare coverage .
But there is no
assurance from the federal government that the state will be
able to recover all of the money .
" If this continues all year , the money will become an issue , "
said Waldman , who heads MassHealth , the state Medicaid program .
" If
it 's just a couple of weeks , the money wo n't be
a problem . "
Since Jan . 1 , there have been dozens of reports of seniors
being turned away from pharmacies without receiving prescription drugs .
Seniors
who have signed up for prescription insurance plans under the
new federal benefit are supposed to receive a card or
a letter verifying their coverage .
When they cannot produce such
documentation , pharmacists contact Medicare or individual drug plans to confirm
coverage .
But phone lines have been jammed and computer search tools have
been unreliable .
That has put pharmacists in the position of
either filling costly prescriptions without knowing whether they will receive
payment or refusing to fill prescriptions for which coverage cannot
be verified .
Even seniors with proof of coverage have encountered problems when pharmacists
find their new drug plan does not cover their specific
medications .
The Medicare plan is "imploding , " said Chris Venier , owner of Theatre
Pharmacy in Lexington .
" It 's a disaster .
Last Friday , one company
help line said they could n't process the call and instructed
me to hang up .
Then , the help line was closed
for the weekend .
Medicare is not getting the job done
right . "
The benefit , known as Part D , provides prescription drug coverage to
seniors for the first time since Medicare began in 1965 .
The federal government has urged seniors who do not have
drug coverage through a union or former employer to sign
up for the benefit .
But advocates for seniors and a
host of critics have long warned that the plan is
too complicated and would lead to disruption in medication .
For months , the focus was on helping seniors choose from dozens
of competing drug plans .
Drug companies and government agencies spent
tens of millions of dollars on educational programs to make
the benefit understandable .
Medicare advocates said they 're not surprised that emergency action was needed
because the plan is so unwieldy .
" For months everyone knew this was going to happen , " said Bob
Hayes , executive director of the Medicare Rights Center , a nonprofit
group in New York .
" There has been an ostrich-like reaction
to reality in this administration .
Right now , there 's no state
where people are not at dire risk . "
The state 's action drew praise from healthcare advocates who have watched
the problems unfold during the past week .
" Mass Health has done a fabulous job responding to this problem , " said
Melissa Shannon , consumer health policy coordinator at Health Care for
All , a state advocacy group .
" It 's been a mess and
they stepped up because there was no other way to
ensure that people were n't turned away at the pharmacy . "
State Senator Mark Montigny , a Democrat from New Bedford , said a
bill he sponsored that was signed into law the last
week in December already guaranteed that pharmacists will be paid
if they provide drugs on an emergency basis to residents
whose new drug plans do n't cover specific medications .
" Every pharmacist should know that all the drugs are covered and
we 'll worry about who pays for it later , " Montigny said .
" It should n't have taken a week to figure that out .
The law is very clear . "
Jeffrey Krasner can be reached at krasnerglobe .com .
