The Justice Department held an unusual closed-door briefing Monday
for judges on a secret foreign-intelligence court in response to
concerns about President Bush 's decision to allow domestic eavesdropping without
warrants .
A number of judges from around the country who serve on
the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court , which issues eavesdropping warrants in
terror cases , flew to Washington to hear the administration 's defense
of the legality and use of the program , officials said .
One federal judge who sat on the court , James Robertson , stepped
down in protest last month after the warrantless surveillance operation
was first publicly disclosed .
Some of the other 10 judges on the court are also
known to have voiced recent concerns about whether information that
grew out of the National Security Agency 's surveillance operation might
have been used improperly in securing warrants from the court
for intelligence wiretaps .
The judge who leads the court , Colleen Kollar-Kotelly , the only judge
currently sitting on the court who is known to have
been briefed on the NSA operation , raised objections last year
to aspects of the program and instructed for a time
that no material obtained by the NSA without warrants could
be presented to the court in warrant applications , officials have
said in interviews .
At Monday 's briefing , judges were expected to question Justice Department officials
intensely about the legal underpinnings of the program , but afterward
they would say little about the session .
Kollar-Kotelly did not
return calls seeking comment on the briefing , which was held
at the Justice Department , and officials for the department and
the court would not discuss any aspect .
" There is going to be no comment about today , " said Sheldon
Snook , an administrator for the U.S. District Court in Washington .
" The court has never commented publicly about their business . "
The Bush administration , in defending the use of the NSA program ,
has pointed to frustrations over the speed and flexibility of
the foreign intelligence court as one reason for allowing the
NSA to eavesdrop without warrants .
The intelligence court 's caseload has grown significantly since the Sept. 11
attacks , with more than 1,700 warrants issued as of the
last public tally in 2004 .
Only a handful of requests
for wiretaps have been turned down in recent years .
The 1978 law creating the court allows the administration to conduct
emergency wiretaps and seek a formal order retroactively within 72
hours , but the White House maintains that the system can
be too cumbersome to allow for quick responses to developing
terror threats .
In some cases , the Justice Department is known to have secured
warrants from the foreign intelligence court in cases that grew
out of the NSA 's eavesdropping program .
That has raised concerns
among civil rights advocates .
Some defense lawyers in prominent terror cases around the country said
they planned to go to court to determine whether the
NSA program had been used against their clients and , if
so , whether courts or defense lawyers had been misled about
the origins of the evidence against them .
A group of 13 law professors and former government officials weighed
in Monday in the heated legal debate , writing in a
letter to congressional leaders that they had serious concerns about
the legality of Bush 's executive order .
The White House has strongly defended the lawfulness of the program ,
saying it was grounded both in the president 's inherent authority
under the Constitution and in a resolution passed by Congress
days after the Sept. 11 attacks authorizing him to use
" all necessary and appropriate force " against those responsible for the
attacks .
But an analysis released last Friday by the Congressional Research Service ,
a nonpartisan arm of Congress , took issue with several of
the administration 's main legal arguments , saying that Congress did not
appear to have ever intended to give Bush the authority
to conduct wiretaps without a warrant .
In the letter released Monday , the 13 law professors and former
government officials went further , writing that " the Justice Department 's defense
of what it concedes was secret and warrantless electronic surveillance
of persons within the United States fails to identify any
plausible legal authority for such surveillance .
Accordingly the program appears
on its face to violate existing law . "
