holds to that , this will make him a very difficult
nominee for many of us . "
Democrats also plan to bring up a Reagan administration memo he
wrote outlining a strategy for gradually restricting abortion rights .
And
they expect to spotlight a dissent he wrote as an
Appeals Court judge arguing that it was constitutional to require
women to notify their spouses before an abortion , a view
the Supreme Court later rejected .
On presidential power , Democrats said they would connect Alito 's past rulings
and speeches to current disputes over President Bush 's assertion that
he has the sweeping constitutional authority , as commander-in-chief , to bypass
torture and surveillance laws .
As a Reagan administration attorney , Alito wrote memos exploring ways " to
increase the power of the executive . "
As a judge , he
often voted to uphold the government power when it was
challenged by an individual .
And in 2000 , Alito delivered a
speech embracing a legal theory that calls for stronger presidential
control of government operations and a reduced role for Congress .
Alito 's past writings and rulings on executive power "edge on the
extreme , " Schumer said on " Meet the Press . "
The limit of a president 's power "is one of the major
questions we will have to ask him ... in light
of everything that 's swirling about now with wiretapping , " Schumer said ,
asserting that the legal theory Alito embraced could render the
Federal Trade Commission and the Sept. 11 Commission unconstitutional and
justify warrantless national security searches of homes .
But White House spokesman Steve Schmidt said nothing in Alito 's judicial
record demonstrates that he "believes in , or would vote for ,
any of these outcomes . "
He said Alito has expressed " a
healthy respect " for the " court 's role as a bulwark against
over-reaching by the president or Congress . "
" This is simply Senator Schumer plumbing the depths of his imagination
for the worst possible parade of horribles to scare voters
and further Senate Democrat 's fund-raising , " Schmidt said .
" Judge Alito has
repeatedly ruled against executive interests where the law and facts
supported that outcome . "
And Ed Whelan , a former senior Justice Department official in the
Bush administration who is a leading Alito supporter , said Democrats
will lose in public opinion if they try to attack
Alito by disparaging Bush 's policies on the war on terrorism .
" I think it 's a spin that backfires because the American
people want a president who acts vigorously to protect us
from the threats pose by terrorists , " he said .
On personal credibility , Alito 's opponents say they plan to grill him
about his recent declaration that he did not remember having
been a member of a defunct conservative group called Concerned
Alumni of Princeton , which advocated against affirmative action admissions programs
at the university in the 1970s .
In the 1985 job
application , he touted his membership in the group .
Democrats also plan to focus on several instances in which Alito
voted on cases involving firms with which he had a
personal connection despite having pledged to recuse himself in such
cases .
Supreme Court justices are allowed to set their own
