Boston netminder Hannu Toivonen , sidelined now with a bad ankle , began
working on his trademark flexibility as a teenager .
There is n't
an NHL goalie who can match the rookie 's ability to
do the splits , his sensational scissor move that makes old
men wince in their press box seats .
" It 's just the way I think about the game , " Toivonen said
Thursday morning , just hours before he wrenched his right ankle
at the end of the second period against the Senators .
" I want to stop the puck at all costs .
That
move is a good one to have in your bag
of tricks , but I do n't think it 's something where you 're
going to see a lot of guys doing it . "
In fact , said Toivonen , if he catches himself scissoring too much ,
he takes it as a sign that he 's " not doing
something else right . "
He is so adept at splitting his
legs , the way an Olympic gymnast flops to the mat
during a floor routine , it has turned into a reflex
more than a plotted , executed stop .
All of it goes back to his boyhood days in Finland ,
where he first began to play net at age 4 .
" I was something like 12 or 14 years old when I
began to work on it , " he recalled .
" I thought , if
I want to play this game seriously , I have to
be more flexible .
And it 's easier to do that as
a kid , you can bend and move easier .
Now , all
I have to do is maintain it , with playing and
stretching . "
Meanwhile , back home , there is another Toivonen carrying on the family
netminding tradition .
Hannu 's 18-year-old brother , Juha , is playing for the
HBK Hameenlinna organization , splitting time between the junior club and
the elite-level squad .
Juha Toivonen was eligible for the draft
last year but went unselected .
" We 're totally different styles , " noted Hannu .
" He relies on his reflexes ,
and he 's far more sparkling in the net than I
am . "
Juha Toivonen recently was called up to HBK 's top club , for
whom Hannu went 16-2-4 in 2002-03 , and Hannu was listening
on the Internet and in telephone contact with his father
throughout the game .
" I 'm rooting for him every day , " said Hannu .
" And to tell
the truth , I feel more nervous when he 's playing than
when I 'm playing . "
