As Israeli doctors try to bring Prime Minister Ariel Sharon gradually
out of a medically induced coma Monday , they will be
seeking clues to the severity of the damage from the
potentially deadly hemorrhagic stroke he suffered last week .
The doctors were expected to massage and pinch Sharon 's skin , vigorously
rub his chest and ask him to perform simple tasks
like blinking as part of their examination to begin to
determine the degree of paralysis and impairment of his intellectual
skills .
Doctors have said they assume there will be some
impairment .
During the four days that Sharon , 77 , has been in a
coma , doctors have relied chiefly on imaging tests like CT
scans to monitor his progress .
Those scans have shown continued
improvement , the doctors said Sunday .
But such imaging tests do
not provide information about a patient 's neurological function .
Diminishing the coma "is what we have all been waiting for
since Wednesday , to know how the prime minister 's brain is
functioning , " said Dr. Shlomo Mor-Yosef , the director of Hadassah Ein
Kerem hospital in Jerusalem where Sharon is in an intensive
care unit .
Dr.
Lee H. Schwamm , who directs acute stroke services at Massachusetts
General Hospital in Boston , compared the process of easing the
coma to " taking his brain out for a test drive . "
But a definitive assessment of Sharon 's neurological state is unlikely in
the first day of lightened anesthesia , said Shwamm , who is
not involved in Sharon 's care , speaking in a telephone interview
Sunday .
In the process , which could last several days , the brain will
" show us what it has got " after the stroke and
three operations , Schwamm said .
The operations were performed to reduce the pressure on his brain
and to remove blood clots and dead brain tissue .
Sharon 's possible failure to respond to commands on the first day
would not necessarily be a bad sign , Schwamm said , "in
part because it may take a few days for Sharon 's
body to fully wash out the anesthetics . "
Some stroke patients who have little response on the first day
after a coma is lifted can often follow commands readily
on the third day .
Schwamm has followed Sharon 's case from news accounts .
In many ways ,
he said , the course of treatment resembles that normally provided
for ordinary people being treated for stroke in hospital intensive
care units .
Barbiturates and short-term anesthetics like propofol are commonly used for inducing
comas .
As the amount of these drugs is stopped or
reduced , doctors look first for return of the most primitive
cranial nerve reflexes , like blinking when the eyelid or the
surface of the cornea is touched .
They will also determine whether the pupil narrows when a bright
light is flashed in the eye , and whether the eyes
move back and forth when cold fluid is put in
an ear canal .
And they will look at how Sharon gazes and whether his
eyes move in the appropriate direction in response to stimuli .
The doctors would also be expected to ask Sharon to follow
simple commands like opening and closing his eyes , sticking out
his tongue , and squeezing their hands .
While in a coma , Sharon was connected to a mechanical ventilator
that automatically breathed for him .
As the coma eases , Sharon
will be expected to resume breathing on his own .
But the doctors must make sure that the natural and mechanical
breathing are synchronized and that Sharon does not become so
agitated that he tries to spit out the breathing tube
and act in other ways to increase the pressure in
the brain to dangerous levels .
The doctors probably will pinch Sharon or pull his hair to
see if he moves his legs , arms and head and
whether his hand moves to the stimulated area to prevent
more pain .
" Ultimately , what you are looking for is evidence that the left
side of the brain can still do the job that
it is responsible for , which is to comprehend spoken and
written communication , " Schwamm said .
Each day of Sharon 's care , doctors will make other efforts to
prevent a number of complications .
One effort will be to
measure Sharon 's urine output to monitor his kidney function .
Another concern will be his heart .
The stress of the stroke
and three operations led to the release of higher than
usual amounts of adrenalin and other hormones that could bring
on a heart attack .
Still another concern is to make sure he receives proper nutrition
through tubes into the stomach or veins .
If the stroke
prevents Sharon from swallowing or breathing properly , the doctors may
have to cut a hole in his windpipe .
Sharon may have needed blood transfusions because of the amount of
bleeding into his brain .
Because of his immobility during the coma , Sharon could develop bedsores
that could lead to life-threatening infections .
Israeli doctors have taken aggressive measures that push the edge of
medical knowledge in caring for Sharon .
But , Schwamm said : " A win here would be that he could
speak , understand speech and move his right side purposely , even
if he ended up in a wheelchair .
Preserving such functions
will have justified the efforts that Sharon 's doctors have made
trying to save his life , even his brain . "
