CATHOLIC CHARITIES , the social service arm of the Archdiocese of Boston ,
has been taking children out of danger and placing them
in loving homes for decades .
For the sake of children
in desperate need now and in the future , Archbishop Sean
O'Malley should allow the social service agency to continue its
difficult , important adoption work .
A committee of the four Catholic dioceses in Massachusetts is examining
adoption policy after learning that Catholic Charities has occasionally placed
children in homes with gay couples .
Catholic Charities is under
contract with the state Department of Social Services , and discrimination
against gays violates Massachusetts law .
But the adoptions are at
odds with a statement made in 2003 by the Vatican
Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith , headed by Cardinal
Joseph Ratzinger , that it is immoral to allow children to
be adopted by gay couples .
Ratzinger is now Pope Benedict
XVI.
The children helped by Catholic Charities are usually older , with special
needs , perhaps behavioral difficulties brought on by an abusive home
life .
There are n't that many adults willing to take on
the responsibilities of adoption .
Doctrinal edicts need to be leavened
by pastoral realities .
Catholic Charities , because of its experience and enduring connection to people
in and around Boston , is well positioned to find these
children good homes .
" They are wonderful partners , " said Assistant DSS
Commissioner Mary Gambon in a telephone interview last week .
" They
are tenacious at developing families for kids and supporting families . "
The Vatican edict also says , echoing the United Nations Convention on
the Rights of the Child , that " the best interests of
the child , as the weaker and more vulnerable party , are
to be the paramount consideration in every case . "
In Catholic
Charities adoptions , social workers make sure prospective parents have safe ,
nurturing homes .
They can be traditional married couples , couples of
the same sex , or single persons .
The one constant is
that their home be best suited for the child .
The four dioceses are working on a common position .
Archbishop O'Malley ,
leader of the largest , will play the dominant role .
A
student of the Bible , the archbishop knows Jesus loves children .
" ... Whoever receives one child such as this in my
name receives me , " Matthew 's Gospel quotes him as saying .
The Archdiocese of Boston in its recent past has shown little
concern about the protection of children from predatory priests .
The
work of Catholic Charities to help children was exemplary during
the abuse scandal .
The safety of Massachusetts children is an
enduring task that deserves continuing support by this Catholic agency
for social justice .
