to working families , he 's got a problem there , " Angelides said .
" Most Californians will see all this as a guy covering
his tracks so he can save his job . "
Jon Fleischman , a former executive director of the state Republican Party
who pens a right-leaning Internet blog , sounds almost as peeved
as Westly and Angelides .
Like other conservatives , he was furious when Schwarzenegger named Susan Kennedy ,
a former high-ranking aide to former Democratic Gov. Gray Davis
and abortion rights activist , as his new chief of staff .
" The real issue here is that the governor does n't seem to
be governing with a firm ideological consistency , " Fleischman wrote Thursday ,
the day Schwarzenegger delivered his speech .
" It feels like he makes broad interpretations of election results , and
then charges in new directions .
The problem is one of
credibility .
As a Republican , and a conservative , I am astounded ,
confused and demoralized that the governor I elected on a
platform of fiscal responsibility and reform wants to now be
the 'build it ' governor . "
State Assemblyman Rudy Bermudez , D-Norwalk , in a statement put out immediately
after Schwarzenegger 's speech , accused the governor of trying to reinvent
himself for political gain .
" It is easy to talk big in an election year ... , " Bermudez
said .
" I will refuse to stand by quietly as the
governor uses Democratic issues to gain re-election and promote an
out-of-the-mainstream conservative agenda for the next four years . "
But experts and even some Democrats agree it will be hard
to criticize Schwarzenegger too much for proposing a bond program
that would create thousands of jobs and tries to address
problems most Californians understand and experience daily .
Davis was asked whether he thought Schwarzenegger is trying to reinvent
himself to aid his re-election bid .
" Yes , but happily , in a way that most Californians want to
see , " Davis said .
" We want our governors to build and
invest in the future .
" The governor needs a record to run on .
Last year was
sort of a lost opportunity .
He threw down the gauntlet ,
it turned out to be a disaster .
Working on infrastructure
issues like building schools , roads , improving transportation -- nobody can
complain about that .
Everyone understands the need .
Everyone understands the
relationship between better infrastructure and more economic wealth . "
In the end , how far Schwarzenegger 's multibillion-dollar bond plan goes to
rehabilitate his political stature all depends on how much he 's
able to deliver , said Kareem Crayton , a professor at the
University of Southern California and an expert on law and
politics .
Schwarzenegger needs bipartisan support in the Legislature to place his bonds
on the ballot and then -- with his approval ratings
cut nearly in half from a year ago -- has
to sell them to voters .
" Most people will forgive whatever inconsistencies might be attributable to his
change if they find a policy that gets support from
both sides of the aisle and makes their individual lives
better , " Crayton said .
" That 's not too easy to accomplish .
If this thing does n't pan
out , if it gets bogged down , the public can look
