A move is afoot in the state Legislature to make it
easier for people to shoot an attacker , even though Alaska 's
self-defense law is already quite liberal .
As it now stands , you can use deadly force to repel
an attacker under broad circumstances .
You 're free to kill someone
who 's threatening serious harm as long as you did n't start
it , and as long as you do n't know that you
can retreat " with complete personal safety and with complete personal
safety as to others . "
And if you 're in a home or other property you own
or lease , you do n't have to worry about retreating at
all .
That latter exemption is known as the " castle " rule .
A man 's
home is his castle , so if threatened there , he ( or
she ) has no duty to consider safely retreating .
If you
"reasonably " believe you 're facing serious harm in your home , you
are free to shoot or counterattack .
State Reps .
John Coghill Jr. and Carl Gatto think these standards
for self-defense are too restrictive .
They have pre-filed separate but
identical bills to drastically expand the " castle " rule .
If a
potential attacker confronts you anywhere you have a legal right
to be , you do n't even have to think about safely
retreating .
For good measure , their bills also virtually eliminate the
retreat rule in any other self-defense situation .
Unless you know
" to a certainty " you can retreat safely , you are free
to fire away in self-defense .
Reps .
Coghill and Gatto may think they are helping law-abiding citizens
fight crime by giving them more legal room to shoot
back .
But lawmakers should consider the possibility the new self-defense
law could be used more often by unsavory characters looking
to justify violence they have inflicted on others .
Defendants can
make self-defense claims , too , as long as they were n't engaged
in a "felony criminal objective . "
Indeed , the more liberal self-defense proposal is welcome news for criminal
defense attorneys .
Informed of the general thrust of the bill ,
Anchorage defense attorney Rex Lamont Butler said , half-jokingly , " That 's huge .
When can they sign it ? "
In a more serious vein , after examining the bill , Butler said ,
" I 'm not sure about the wisdom of it , but it
certainly is going to make it easier as a criminal
defense lawyer to defend certain cases . "
A lot of people do n't like to back down , he explained ,
but they do because they do n't want to get in
trouble with the law .
" When people get 'liquored up , ' "
Butler said , "it 's not unusual to get aggressive with another
person . "
Butler recognizes that the change gives more legal latitude
for those confrontations to escalate into potentially fatal violence .
" People who own public establishments better increase their insurance , " Butler said .
He figures they 'll want to increase their security staffs , too .
It 's not as if Alaska is sending innocent citizens to the
slammer because of unduly restrictive limits on self-defense .
In a
notorious 2003 case from Wasilla , a pastor fatally shot two
intruders in the back but a jury acquitted him of
all charges .
The Coghill-Gatto approach goes against a long tradition in the law
meant to ensure self-defense killings truly are an absolute last
resort .
Self-defense is not supposed to give someone the legal
authority to be judge , jury and executioner of a threatening
petty criminal .
Making it easier to fire away at criminals
might be a politically popular cause , but it 's not a
responsible thing to do .
Anchorage Daily News editorial
