There were no points awarded for Eli
Manning 's pedigree Sunday , and none at all scored by the
Giants , when the Super Bowl looked as distant a possibility
for Manning as it once did for a former journeyman
named Jake Delhomme .
" I 've known Eli since he was in the eighth grade , " Delhomme
said on his way out of Giants Stadium , headed to
Chicago next week with the Carolina Panthers for the next
playoff road challenge after their 23-0 impaling of the Giants .
" He 's always been on an even keel . "
Not Sunday , when everything broke down like an old Buick , when
Tiki Barber found no daylight , when Plaxico Burress caught no
passes , when Manning had no clue as he helped the
Giants throw in the playoff towel , usually off the wrong
foot .
Most of all , when Giants coach Tom Coughlin contrived
no solutions to the ball-control scheme of Carolina 's John Fox ,
the architect of the Giants ' 2000 Super Bowl defense , the
classy coordinator who got away .
Born to play quarterback , Manning -- after throwing for 113 yards
and three second-half interceptions -- was consoled by Delhomme , a
fellow Louisiana homeboy who was barely recruited out of high
school .
Manning looked , to be honest , as if he were
in over his head , but forget it , Delhomme told him
when they met in the middle of the field .
Take
the positives from your first season as a starter .
Keep
your head up , your helmet on .
" This is only his second year , his first as a starter , "
Delhomme said .
" He 's got nothing but a bright future . "
For more than a decade , since he was a sophomore at
Louisiana-Lafayette , Delhomme has been a regular summer hand at Manning
family camps .
He counts Peyton Manning among his best friends .
Having grown up with the Manning legend , eventually inside their
circle , Delhomme always believed Peyton and Eli were groomed for
glory .
He left Giants Stadium still convinced .
He said that
Sunday was nothing but a detour , the paying of playoff
dues .
Except no one can predict where Eli Manning and the Giants
go from here and no one can speak to the
mystery of sports destinies better than Archie Manning , the patriarch
who spent his NFL career just trying to survive the
many shortcomings of the New Orleans Saints .
" That 's football , " Archie Manning said in the bowels of the stadium ,
between the locker rooms , having played in his share of
such blowouts on the wrong side of the ball .
" Carolina
just whipped their butts . "
He had been standing in the tunnel leading from the field ,
in a blue Giants cap , a cigar parked between his
right index and middle fingers , watching until the bitter end ,
admitting the day was n't a total loss , if only because
of Jake Delhomme .
" I love that kid , " Archie Manning said , after graciously fielding every
question about his son 's nightmare .
" Jake 's a great story .
That 's
the only thing I can smile about today . "
No kid , a career knockabout and a one-time third-stringer in New
Orleans , Delhomme had his breakthrough at 29 , and it carried
him to 295 passing yards of validation when the Panthers
narrowly lost to the Patriots in the Super Bowl two
years ago .
Delhomme was n't Peytonesque on Sunday , but he did n't have to be .
The Panthers pounded the ball past the Giants ' defensive line ,
through their makeshift linebacking corps .
They ran for 223 yards ,
151 by the largely unheralded DeShaun Foster , and all Delhomme
had to do was work Steve Smith , the NFL 's best
receiver , into the mix .
Fox and staff confused the Giants with a variety of looks ,
and Delhomme put 10 balls into Smith 's hands , including a
22-yard touchdown pass .
" I think in some ways we were outcoached , " Barber volunteered during
his news conference , dropping a bomb that reflected how deflated
the Giants felt to have their 11-5 regular season crash
at home .
Barber later softened his statement , but it was
already out there , underscoring the sense that Fox , working with
fewer weapons than Coughlin , had made better use of what
he had .
The Panthers contained Barber , who accounted for the Giants ' unfathomable total
of 41 yards on the ground , and for the Giants ,
there apparently was no Plan B. Fox calculated that Manning
was n't ready to beat a defense as good as Carolina 's ,
and he was right , though , as Delhomme pointed out , " When
you ca n't run the ball effectively , it 's hard . "
When the Giants return next season , Manning will be a year
older , but so will the veteran linchpins , Barber and Michael
Strahan .
The Giants have so much invested in Manning , in
the belief that he will be their Elway , their Marino ,
a difference-maker like his big brother Peyton .
There is no
timetable , however , and no way of knowing what the Giants
will look like once Manning arrives .
He probably wo n't be overthrowing his receivers off his back foot
forever , as he did in the third quarter of a
10-0 game , missing Amani Toomer badly , hitting the Panthers ' Ken
Lucas right in the chest , setting up Smith 's 12-yard touchdown
on an end around 13 seconds later .
No points for pedigree , only for performance .
Delhomme wins .
Manning goes
home , a fun Giants ride ending with them not looking
much like a competitive playoff team .
