Scott McClellan , the spill-no-secret White House press secretary , wandered
into the Oval Office at 7 a.m. last Tuesday to
check in with his boss about the overnight news and
to schmooze about Texas football .
And then , McClellan recalled , " I
asked him for his guidance about what he wanted me
to say about the Texas governor 's race . "
For McClellan , it was n't just a routine inquiry about how the
White House should respond to a statewide political development .
As
everyone in Texas already knew , McClellan 's mother , Carole Keeton Strayhorn ,
the state 's comptroller , had announced the day before that she
would run as an independent in 2006 against the Republican
incumbent , Gov. Rick Perry .
A few hours later at McClellan 's early briefing , President Bush 's directions
to his press secretary became clear .
" The president will support the Republican nominee , and I think it 's
pretty clear the Republican nominee will be his friend Rick
Perry , " McClellan said .
As for the woman running against Perry , McClellan said , " My mother
cares deeply about Texas , and she has my full support . "
" God , that 's courageous , " wisecracked Bill Plante of CBS , as McClellan chuckled
and reddened .
The political split between the president and his press secretary was
just the latest chapter in McClellan 's nearly four decades in
politics with his mother , who is as voluble as her
son is restrained .
Still , Strayhorn 's most recent endeavor is one
of the more bizarre moments in Texas politics and also
in the West Wing .
One of Strayhorn 's best-known supporters is none other than Ben Barnes ,
a former Texas lieutenant governor and an adviser to Sen.
John Kerry 's 2004 presidential campaign .
During that race , Barnes , a
Democrat , said repeatedly that he had helped Bush win a
coveted spot in the Texas Air National Guard to avoid
combat in Vietnam .
" Ben Barnes and I are lifelong friends , " Strayhorn said by way
of explanation in a telephone interview from Austin on Friday .
" His brother roomed with my brother at the University of
Texas . "
As for the president , " I love George Bush , and
he 's got to do his job and I 've got to
do mine . "
McClellan declined to comment on Barnes , but he did have some
things to say about his mother .
" I learned long ago just to stay out of her way , "
he said agreeably in an interview in his office on
Friday afternoon , when Bush was in Chicago and the West
Wing had settled into a pre-weekend snooze .
" She 's a very
dynamic person , she 's a very strong personality , and she charges
ahead to get things done . "
McClellan , the youngest of Strayhorn 's four sons , was 9 when his
mother , then a Democrat , was first elected mayor of Austin ,
a nonpartisan position .
Over the next six years , from 1977
to 1983 , she served three terms .
In most of that
time she was a single mother who wove her children
into her public life .
" A lot of times she 'd take me along to Council chambers , "
McClellan said .
" Or she 'd pick me up from school and
I 'd go hang out at City Hall . "
Strayhorn was divorced from her first husband , Barr McClellan , the father
of her sons , shortly after she became mayor .
In 2003
she married her third husband , Ed Strayhorn , a high school
sweetheart .
McClellan went on to graduate from the University of Texas and
then to run three more successful campaigns for his mother :
her election and re-election as a Texas railroad commissioner and
her election as comptroller .
Strayhorn once said that when she
would "bounce off the walls , " McClellan could get her focused .
" I used to joke that when I became her campaign manager ,
I finally got to tell her what to do , " McClellan ,
37 , said .
" Once in a while she would listen to
me . "
This time around , Strayhorn 's campaign manager is McClellan 's brother Brad , 40 ,
a former assistant Texas state attorney general .
" People ask me ,
' How do you control your candidate ? " '
Brad McClellan said by
phone from Austin on Friday .
" And I do n't .
She 's been
herself since I was a kid . "
Strayhorn 's other sons are Mark B. McClellan , 42 , the administrator of
the federal Centers for Medicare and Medicare Services , and Dudley
McClellan , 40 , Brad 's identical twin , the deputy general counsel for
the State Bar of Texas .
Strayhorn , a Republican , said she had decided to run as an
independent not because she would lose to Perry in a
Republican primary -- the predominant view in Texas political circles
-- but because she was ushering in a new era
of nonpartisan politics .
" I could have blown the barn doors
off the Republican primary , " she insisted .
Strayhorn first announced that she was a candidate for governor last
summer .
As for the White House press secretary , he said that " the
president considers my mother a friend , " but that he himself
had no immediate plans to work in his mother 's campaign
or , for that matter , to leave his job any time
soon .
" I 've learned a lot from her , " McClellan said .
" And I do n't
think I would be where I am today without her . "
