It may be as close as any Supreme Court
nominee comes to feeling like a rock star .
On the morning of the first day of Senate hearings on
his Supreme Court nomination , Judge Samuel A. Alito Jr. emerged
Monday from the passenger seat of a dark SUV at
the corner of Constitution Avenue and First Street at 11
a.m. to chants of , " Alito , Alito . "
A conservative Christian group , TeenPact , tipped off by the Bush administration
about the drop-off , assembled a group of 50 high school
students with red A(PLUS) stickers on their lapels to cheer
the arrival .
Alito seemed almost to blush , smiling with tight lips and murmuring
his thanks as he ducked into a Senate office building
with a gaggle of administration escorts .
But by the time of his own short opening statement just
before 4 p.m. , a day of senatorial lecturing surely shook
the nominee out of any delusions of grandeur .
Sen.
Charles E. Schumer , D-N.Y. , reminded him that a president is
not a king .
Sen. Tom Coburn , R-Okla. , hectored him about
aborted fetuses " torn from the wombs . "
" If Roberts was a 10 , he was an 8 , " Sen. Lindsey
Graham , R-S.C , who is on the Judiciary Committee , said after
the session , recalling the dazzling performance of Chief Justice John
G.
Roberts Jr. at his confirmation hearings a few months
ago .
" He was nervous , " Graham said .
" He was more human than Roberts . "
Comparisons were inevitable even before Alito had his chance to speak .
Roberts had appeared as a study in empathy in the
opening statements at the start of his hearings , seemingly engrossed
with every nuance of even the most rambling or self-referential
comment from a senator .
To emphasize his deep and genuine
interest , he occasionally nodded as he took in their words .
Alito , in contrast , sat stone faced and impassive , sometimes even
tilting his head slightly backward , a pose familiar to people
have watched his rounds of senators ' offices in the weeks
before his hearings .
When his turn came to speak just before 4 o'clock , Alito
silently and deliberatively poured himself a glass of water before
he began .
" I have often asked myself how in the world did I
get here ? "
Alito said , setting up a joke .
" And I
want to try to answer that today , and not by
saying that I came here on I-95 or on Amtrak . "
Few people laughed .
At times , his voice quavered slightly as he discussed his family
and , briefly , his role as a judge .
He recounted his
father 's arrival from Italy as an infant and his self-propelled
rise to become a researcher for the New Jersey Legislature .
And Alito emphasized that his mother , a school principal , and
his sister , a lawyer , had excelled in professions that " traditionally
had been dominated by men . "
His only harsh words were leveled at his alma mater , Princeton ,
which he called " a different world " even though it was
12 miles from his middle-class community .
In the turmoil of the late 1960s and early '70s , he
said , " I saw some very smart people and very privileged
people behaving irresponsibly , and I could n't help making a contrast
between some of the worst of what I saw on
campus and the good sense and the decency of the
people back in my own community . "
As the session ended , advocates on both sides of the nomination
streamed into the hallways to put their gloss on the
events .
The two sides said the first day had gone
as expected and pronounced themselves pleased .
Nan Aron , president of the Alliance for Justice , a liberal advocacy
group , called the comments about Princeton divisive for reviving debates
on the Vietnam War .
Conservatives aimed at the accusations of Democratic senators .
Wendy Long , general
counsel of the conservative Judicial Confirmation Network , laughed that Sen.
Richard J. Durbin , an Illinois Democrat on the committee , had
juxtaposed a discussion of the collapse of the Sago , W.Va. ,
mine with a dissent by Alito in support of a
mining company in a dispute on safety standards .
" Chief Justice Roberts was responsible for Hurricane Katrina , " Long said , recalling
talk of the storm aftermath at his hearing .
" Whatever is
the story of the day . "
Alito 's day ended with a little of the feeling with which
it began .
At the end of his testimony , he weaved
his way through fans , not screaming teenagers , but White House
handlers , Republican senators and their aides .
