FOXBOROUGH - Not to be presumptuous , but Robert Kraft is certain
that " Teddy Roosevelt would have liked the Patriots . "
The 26th president of the United States , famous for his progressive
reforms , also left a legacy of famous quotes , none more
than , " Speak softly and carry a big stick ; you will
go far , " and Kraft believes those words summarize the mantra
of the New England Patriots , a group built around quiet ,
hard-working players devoted to fundamentals and disciplined teamwork .
Another of Kraft 's favorite quotations from Roosevelt : " I am only an
average man but , by George , I work harder at it
than the average man . "
Well , for a man who considers himself average , Kraft was to
accept an honor last night that places him in distinguished
company .
Midway through the second quarter of the Patriots-Jaguars playoff
game , the owner of the New England Patriots was scheduled
to officially accept the NCAA 's highest honor , the Theodore Roosevelt
Award .
Kraft was to give his acceptance speech via satellite
as the awards dinner was held in Indianapolis and Kraft
was otherwise occupied in Foxborough .
In addition to his political initiatives , Roosevelt was instrumental in the
formation of the NCAA in 1906 .
The " Teddy " has been
awarded annually to a former collegiate athlete who went on
to a distinguished career of national significance .
Kraft , who went
to Brookline High , played on the lightweight football team at
Columbia University , where he graduated in 1963 .
Conceding he had
"never heard of the award , " Kraft was stunned when told
he had been named the recipient , and overwhelmed when he
glanced at the list of former winners .
" It 's overwhelming , " said Kraft .
" It 's kind of hard to feel worthy
of something like this . "
The roll call includes former presidents Dwight D. Eisenhower , Gerald R.
Ford , George H.W. Bush , and Ronald Reagan ; General Omar Bradley ;
collegiate football star and US Supreme Court Justice Byron " Whizzer "
White ; NFL stars Jack Kemp , Roger Staubach , and Alan Page ;
Leverett Saltonstall , the former US Senator and governor of Massachusetts ;
Olympic heroes Rafer Johnson , Jesse Owens , and Donna de Varona ;
entertainer Bill Cosby ; golfing legend Arnold Palmer ; Eunice Kennedy Shriver ;
and John Wooden , the 95-year-old legendary UCLA basketball coach who
was the presenter last evening .
" One of my disappointments is that I had looked forward to
meeting John Wooden again , " said Kraft , who was told of
the honor a few months ago but realized it could
conflict with the playoffs .
Kraft kept his fingers crossed that
the team would have a Sunday game , but it did n't
work out , thus Kraft chose to stay for his team 's
game .
" The NCAA was very gracious about it , very cooperative and understanding , "
he said .
Kraft , who bought the Patriots in 1994 and has overseen a
model sports organization , said he has a policy and will
only accept honors that are tied to charitable endeavors .
But
he discovered he had been nominated by Columbia 's president , Lee
Bollinger , and athletic director , Dianne Murphy .
" I feel a great commitment , a tremendous loyalty to Columbia , " said
Kraft .
" I 'm quite indebted to the university .
They told me
it would reflect well on the university .
That 's why I
agreed to accept it . "
The trophy arrived at Foxborough and for a guy who is
used to putting his hands around impressive hardware this time
of year , Kraft was speechless .
" After the Super Bowl trophy , this is pretty special , " said Kraft .
" It 's heavy and pretty cool .
It 's pretty humbling . "
Though his athletic career hardly is on level of his career
in business , Kraft has fond memories of the days when
he played football , the sport he has always loved .
His
favorite memory ?
When he was involved in the one-on-one freshman
drill , "where it 's one guy or another and you keep
going until you run through him . "
Kraft is 5 feet 9 inches and weighed 160 pounds .
His
opponent ?
" He stood about 6-6 and weighed 250 and he
ran me over six times in a row , " said Kraft .
" But on the seventh time , I brought him down .
I was
banged up and roughed up , but I brought him down . "
