On Winfrey 's site , some readers expressed dismay that they had
been lied to .
But on Frey 's own site , bigjimindustries.com ,
one
fan who identified herself as Julie wrote : " Even if his
story is fake , he opened up the eyes of so
many people .
How about if we all focus on that
instead of accusing him of being a liar ? "
Frey 's agent , Kassie Evashevski of Brillstein-Grey Entertainment , did not respond to
requests for comment .
A lawyer representing Frey , who wrote a
letter to The Smoking Gun threatening legal action if it
published a defamatory story about the author , did not return
a phone call seeking comment .
Also declining to respond to
telephone messages were Sean McDonald , Frey 's editor , who now works
for Penguin 's Riverhead imprint , and a spokesman for Penguin , which
announced last week it had signed a contract to publish
two additional books by Frey , including a novel .
The discrepancies and Frey 's reported admissions of falsifying details of his
life raise questions about the publishing industry 's increasing reliance on
nonfiction memoirs as a fast track to the best-seller list .
It is not at all uncommon to see new books
marketed as nonfiction containing notes to readers saying the author
has altered the time sequence of events , created composite characters ,
changed names or otherwise made up details of a memoir .
" A Million Little Pieces , " however , contains no such disclaimer .
And the questions about Frey came at almost the same time
as new revelations about the identity of JT Leroy , a
writer whose supposedly autobiographical novels draw on a lifetime of
prostitution and homelessness .
Since its publication in April 2003 , " A Million Little Pieces " has
attracted attention for its graphic descriptions of Frey 's harrowing withdrawal
from substance abuse and for its remarkable story of his
redemption and sobriety .
But aspects of the story , including the
author 's claim that he underwent root canal surgery without anesthesia ,
have drawn repeated questions at book readings , from fans of
Winfrey 's book club and from journalists .
In an interview with The New York Times last month , Frey
said that he had provided extensive documentation of his account
of events in " A Million Little Pieces " to lawyers at
Random House Inc. , the parent of Doubleday and Anchor Books ,
which published the paperback edition , and to lawyers at Harpo ,
the production company owned by Winfrey .
But he declined to
allow a reporter at The Times to view those materials
or to ask his publisher or Winfrey to share them .
Random House also refused to allow a reporter to review
the materials or to discuss them .
In an interview with The Times last month , Frey said that
he originally envisioned " A Million Little Pieces " not as a
memoir but as a novel .
" We were in discussions after
we sold it as to whether to publish it as
fiction or as nonfiction , " he said .
" And a lot of
those issues had to do with following in a legacy
of American writers . "
Frey noted that writers like Hemingway , Henry
Miller and Jack Kerouac had written very autobiographical books that
