Despite her calm demeanor as she stood before a
judge Monday , Andrea Pia Yates is "terrified " by the thought
of standing trial again and seeing evidence of how she
killed her children , her attorney said .
" She loves her children so much , " George Parnham said after a
brief hearing in which he entered a plea of not
guilty by reason of insanity .
Parnham and Harris County prosecutors are negotiating a possible plea agreement ,
but said they have agreed not to discuss the talks
while they are in progress .
State District Judge Belinda Hill chose March 20 as the date
when Yates will again face capital murder charges if no
agreement is reached .
She called Houston police to her home
near Clear Lake on June 20 , 2001 , and told officers
she had drowned all five of her children in a
bathtub .
Yates was tried for three of the deaths and convicted in
2002 , but the conviction was overturned in early 2005 after
an appeals court ruled that erroneous testimony by the prosecution 's
sole mental health expert may have influenced the jury .
Parnham said that , in a second trial , he can offer more
evidence about Yates ' mental condition that has been documented while
she has been in state care .
He said he hopes
the case can be resolved so that Yates can receive
the treatment she needs .
District Attorney Chuck Rosenthal said he is considering " some things " concerning a
possible plea deal -- including whether Yates , 41 , would be
held in a prison psychiatric unit or among the general
inmate population-- but he is not close to a decision .
Prosecutors may make an offer when they meet with defense attorneys
in " a couple of weeks , " Rosenthal said .
Parnham said he hopes Judge Hill will grant Yates a bond
while she awaits trial and order that she be placed
in Rusk State Hospital , a secure facility where she can
get treatment .
Yates is in the County Jail mental health unit .
Parnham said
the jail provides very good psychiatric care , but he believes
Yates can get more effective treatment at Rusk .
" She already has a doctor assigned to her at Rusk , " Parnham
said .
" The administrator has already approved Andrea 's acceptance into ( Rusk ) .
Everyone acknowledges that that is where Andrea can receive the
best mental-health care this state can offer . "
Rosenthal said he would oppose a move to Rusk .
Yates was sentenced to life in prison in 2002 and has
been held at the prison psychiatric unit at Skyview .
The 1st Texas Court of Appeals ruled in January 2005 , however ,
that testimony from the state 's expert witness , psychiatrist Park Dietz ,
about a television episode that never existed may have swayed
jurors .
In November , the Court of Criminal Appeals , the state 's highest court
for criminal cases , let that decision stand .
A consultant to the " Law &amp; Order " TV series , Dietz testified
that one episode portrayed a woman who drowned her children
and was found not guilty by reason of insanity .
He
said the episode aired shortly before Yates drowned her children .
Prosecutors told jurors that Yates watched the program regularly .
After Yates was convicted , it was learned that no such episode
was ever produced .
Dietz insisted he had made an honest
mistake .
Jurors were told of the error before deciding on
a life sentence .
The appeals court ruled that Judge Hill erred when she refused
to declare a mistrial based on the erroneous testimony .
Yates ' attorneys argued in the trial that she was insane at
the time of the drownings .
Psychiatrists determined that Yates , who
twice tried to commit suicide in 1999 after giving birth
to her fourth child , suffered from schizophrenia and postpartum depression .
She said Satan made her drown her children .
