Charles Reddick of Delery Street in New Orleans is
a big , gruff , no-nonsense man who could not be called
a sentimentalist .
This fall , when he finally proposed to his
longtime girlfriend , Jacqueline Journee , he told her that he was
too busy working to get her a ring .
She bought
her own .
A New Year 's Eve wedding seemed like a starry-eyed idea for
such a pragmatist .
But deep down , Reddick , 46 , is something
of a softy -- and never more so than since
his large extended family lost everything but their lives to
Hurricane Katrina .
Reddick , a roofer , feels responsible for all of them .
With the
fate of their ravaged Lower 9th Ward uncertain , they have
spent the last four months displaced and disoriented , their lives
at a standstill .
Reddick wanted to provide a jolt of
joy before the real planning for the future began .
Since October , Reddick has been working in the New Orleans area ,
rebuilding other people 's homes .
He employs more than a dozen
male relatives , and they all support dozens of women and
children living temporarily in Houston .
Reddick has a two-phase plan .
First , he will bring his family
back to the New Orleans area by next summer even
if it means living in outlying areas , in trailers or
rental properties at first .
Then , within a year or so , they will all move back
to Delery Street , where he will have remade his modest
childhood home into a two-story house big enough for several
generations of Reddicks .
" We will be one of the first
families back , " Reddick said .
Reddick has been living in a cousin 's house near the airport
with eight male relatives who work for him .
He has
so fully employed the men in his large family as
well as family friends that he recently brought in some
Mexican roofers from Houston to help out .
Reddick acknowledged that he had , in a way , been energized by
the hurricane .
It has made him shoulder his familial responsibilities ,
take his business more seriously and appreciate what he has ,
he said .
" Honestly ? " he said .
" Katrina 's taking me to the next level . "
