Previous Forest Service contracts for the government thinning and clearing work
were vague on safety .
The new language says contractors must
train employees "in the safe operation of equipment " -- knowledge
many workers now pick up on the job .
It also
says that safety gear previously overlooked on many jobs sites ,
such as eye and face protection , " shall be provided , used
and maintained . "
The contracts also will now address the primitive camps where pineros
have struggled to stay warm .
" Every ...shelter shall provide protection from
the elements .
Where heat ...is not provided , other arrangements should be
made to protect workers from the cold . "
Other language emphasizes
that vans must meet federal transportation standards .
Bosworth said the Forest Service plans to work more closely with
the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration to address the
conditions , too .
" It 's got to be difficult for them with
these ( workers ) scattered in so many different places in the
woods , " he said .
Although several government agencies share legal responsibility for the pineros , on
public land the Forest Service often is the only one
that even knows where crews are working .
The realities in the remote woods where pineros work suggest Bosworth
may face an uphill battle to reform -- in part
because the contracting officers and their representatives in the field
are under pressure to get as much work done as
possible and have been trained to tend more to trees
than to migrant laborers .
Nationwide , the Forest Service faces an enormous backlog in reforestation and
thinning work -- much of which is carried out to
protect western forests and communities from wildfire .
In 2003 , the
agency reported that some 898,000 acres needed thinning , but work
was completed on just 163,500 acres .
After The Bee stories were published , Forest Service officials in Arkansas
released documents showing another forest worker there had been hurt
working for a company the agency 's own files portrayed as
troubled .
It happened in late 2003 , a year and a half after
OSHA had fined Grano Reforestation , a Forest Service contractor , $ 12,000
for more than a dozen safety violations on a thinning
job in which two pineros were injured .
In the most recent case , another worker employed by Grano broke
his neck on the Ozark National Forest when " a tree
limb referred to as a widow maker " struck him on
the head , said Ouachita National Forest spokeswoman Cheryl Chatham .
The
worker was wearing a hard hat and recovered , she added .
After the accident , the Forest Service itself was cited by
OSHA for three serious violations .
Other OSHA violations were found on the Grano job site during
the investigation of the accident , too .
Yet , in April 2004 , Ouachita National Forest contracting officer Gary Baber
wrote an e-mail defending the company 's work to more than
a dozen of his agency colleagues .
In documents released through the Freedom of Information Act months after
The Bee 's initial request , Baber wrote :
" Let me say to all that Grano Reforestation is one of
our best contractors .
...He has had excellent past performance and
