Greenberg Traurig was a politically well-connected law firm long
before Jack Abramoff , the disgraced lobbyist who pleaded guilty last
week to conspiracy , fraud and tax evasion , joined it about
six years ago .
Lawyers for the firm represented George W. Bush in the weeks
after the disputed 2000 election .
Its partnership ranks include high-powered
lawyers like John Scalia , the son of Justice Antonin Scalia .
The firm has weathered scandal in the past .
But no crisis
has been as potentially toxic as the one involving Abramoff ,
which has threatened the firm 's very existence , according to several
outside lawyers who have followed the case .
His actions left
the company vulnerable to multimillion-dollar malpractice claims and possibly even
criminal charges .
Greenberg Traurig rushed to distance itself from Abramoff , appease his clients
and work closely with prosecutors .
In the process it has
earned praise for its cooperation from Sen. John McCain , R-Ariz. ,
kept alive the possibility of suing Abramoff for its losses
and negotiated financial settlements with most of Abramoff 's victims .
Several participants in the criminal case have said that the firm ,
at a minimum , turned a blind eye to the work
Abramoff did , giving him the latitude to operate as he
wished because he brought so much business to the firm .
A spokeswoman for the firm denied that accusation .
Once news of Abramoff 's work became public , he was ordered out
of his office in February 2004 , and the firm quickly
hired a prominent criminal defense lawyer , Henry F. Schuelke III
of Janis , Schuelke &amp; Wechsler in Washington , to conduct an
internal investigation into how Abramoff had operated .
Sensing its own
legal liability , the firm began contacting clients who had been
misled .
Among the clients the firm approached was Tyco , which has since
reached a settlement with Greenberg Traurig to be repaid $ 1.5
million of about $ 1.8 million it spent while working with
Abramoff on a tax loophole issue in Congress .
As he was trying to get Tyco to hire him in
May 2003 , Abramoff suggested that the company hire GrassRoots Interactive
to help .
Ultimately , Tyco did -- unaware , company officials said ,
that it was really paying Abramoff himself .
Greenberg Traurig also headed off potential claims by reaching financial settlements
with clients including the Mississippi Choctaws , an Indian tribe that
had hired the firm to lobby on its behalf .
The
tribe praised Greenberg Traurig 's conduct on its Web site , saying
the firm had "acted honorably . "
