Not long after the inauguration of President Ronald Reagan
in 1981 , two young lawyers moved into cramped offices along
the same hallway on the fifth floor of the Justice
Department 's headquarters .
One , Samuel A. Alito Jr. , 30 , was hired as a nonpartisan
career lawyer .
Promoted from the office of a New Jersey
prosecutor , he quietly drafted Supreme Court briefs in the solicitor
general 's office .
The other , John G. Roberts Jr. , 25 , arrived fresh from a
clerkship for Justice William H. Rehnquist of the Supreme Court ,
a conservative icon , and entered the department a rung higher
than Alito , as a presidential appointee assisting the attorney general
on a wide variety of matters .
A quarter-century later , their contrasting styles will be on display again
this week in the Senate hearings on Alito 's nomination to
the Supreme Court , which could re-unite them as Chief Justice
Roberts and Associate Justice Alito .
Their ascent could be the high point of a conservative revolution
in the legal establishment : a decades-long effort to seed the
federal courts with jurists holding a narrower interpretation of the
Constitution 's application to abortion rights , civil rights , the rights of
criminal defendants and the scope of federal power .
" It is the culmination , " said Edwin Meese III , who was attorney
general in the Reagan administration and a leading architect of
the movement .
In the Reagan administration , Roberts and Alito worked together only occasionally
at first , colleagues said .
But they came together much more
often in 1985 , when Alito was elevated to a political
job in the Office of Legal Counsel .
Roberts was an associate White House counsel .
The Office of Legal
Counsel acted as a kind of in-house law firm evaluating
pending legislation and interpreting statutes for the White House counsel ,
so Roberts was in effect one of Alito 's clients .
Friends and colleagues of Roberts and Alito say the two jurists '
careers before and after the Reagan administration have followed very
different paths , reflecting their personalities .
Both graduated from law school with sterling credentials : Alito edited the
law review at Yale and Roberts at Harvard .
Roberts then served an appeals court clerkship and then a clerkship
for Rehnquist .
Alito , in contrast , moved back to New Jersey after law school
to clerk for Judge Leonard Garth of the Court of
Appeals for the 3rd Circuit .
Later , after the two left the Reagan administration , their careers diverged
sharply .
In 1986 , Roberts left the administration to work in
Washington as a private lawyer among the elite ranks of
the Supreme Court bar .
Alito , in contrast , returned to New Jersey where he eventually became
a U.S. attorney and was later appointed to the federal
appeals bench .
Roberts ' career in private practice was interrupted by a stint as
deputy solicitor general for the first President Bush .
And in
2003 he became a federal appeals court judge .
