Denver -- A discussion on a Web site sparked a public
relations brushfire for Qwest on Monday over the contract its
high-speed Internet customers must agree to .
The Web site , ARS Technica , which bills itself as " The PC
enthusiast 's resource , " analyzed the fine print in Qwest 's new terms
of service agreement for high-speed DSL.
One paragraph in the agreement that threatens to charge customers $ 5
for every spam message sent by their computer got a
bunch of people hot under the collar .
" I wonder if Qwest will go after you if , say , your
grandmother 's PC gets infected and starts sending spam in the
names of her grandchildren " ?
asked a user identified as SanctusX2 .
Web site user Brian Bush said Qwest customers should , "vote with
the almighty ( dollar ) and get a different service . "
But Qwest said misinformation is circulating in cyberspace .
The story was
picked up by at least one other website , techworld.com .
Claire Mylott , a Qwest spokeswoman , said Qwest sent its customers a
letter in December saying its DSL service would not be
regulated anymore by tariff .
It then posted a new 14-page
agreement on the Web outlining its service terms .
But the "acceptable use " policy on spam has existed for several
years , Mylott said .
" The intent of the policy is to prevent the malicious use
of our network , " Mylott said .
" We do not impose fines
or sanctions against our customers who may be victims of
worms or viruses . "
The policy , which covers Qwest 's 1.3 million high-speed Internet customers , does n't
mention that computers affected by viruses can be exempted from
fines .
Acceptable use policies are standard in the industry and used by
phone , cable and Internet service providers to govern how people
use their networks .
The online brouhaha comes at a time when traditional phone companies
like Qwest are battling hard against cable companies and other
Internet service providers to protect and grow their customer base .
High-speed Internet is a key product in the fight .
Qwest has caught spammers in the past and has "been aggressive
in eliminating the problem , " Mylott said .
" The policy is there to serve as a deterrent .
It 's there
to protect our users from unacceptable materials , " Mylott said .
