So , is Miggy-for-Manny DOA , in the wake of Miguel Tejada 's declaration
to the Baltimore Orioles that he no longer wants to
be traded ?
Red Sox co-general manager Jed Hoyer had no comment yesterday , but
that 's what the Red Sox management team intends to find
out .
It may not take much sleuthing on their part ,
judging by comments made by Orioles vice president Jim Duquette
late yesterday afternoon .
" I would say I do n't think there will be a lot
of serious talk [with the Sox] , " Duquette said .
" I guess
we would listen , but it 's not a front-burner-type issue anymore .
I got my first good night 's sleep in a month
last night . "
Sweet repose came to Duquette after Tejada called him from the
Dominican Republic where he is playing for Aguilas Cibaena in
the winter league playoffs , and told him he no longer
wanted to be dealt .
Duquette acknowledged Tejada was still upset
that the team , in his view , has not kept up
with its rivals in the American League East with its
offseason moves , but he said Tejada did not equivocate in
rescinding his trade request .
" There was no hesitation at all , " he said of Tejada 's remarks .
" It was strong .
It had almost an apologetic type tone .
He did n't apologize , but he said , ' I felt bad about
the way it all turned out .
That 's not what I
wanted to do . " '
The Orioles also had been in talks with other clubs regarding
Tejada , including the Chicago Cubs , who reportedly were prepared to
deal pitcher Mark Prior , and the Philadelphia Phillies , who offered
outfielder Bobby Abreu .
Published reports had the Phillies proposing that
Tejada would play third base alongside shortstop Jimmy Rollins and
then learning he was not keen on the idea , but
one major league source said last night that the Phillies
had spoken with the Red Sox about flipping Tejada to
Boston for Manny Ramírez and a pitcher , presumably Matt Clement .
Philadelphia 's willingness to explore a Tejada-Ramírez deal would suggest they might
be persuaded to consider taking on Ramírez in another deal ,
perhaps one featuring Abreu .
The Philadelphia Inquirer has reported that
as far back as the trading deadline last July , the
Phillies - whose manager , Charlie Manuel , has enjoyed a long
association with Ramírez dating to their time together in Cleveland
- had sniffed around about a Ramírez deal , and did
so again during the GM meetings .
They came away with
the idea that Ramírez , who has veto power over any
deal , was n't keen on playing for the Phillies , but perhaps ,
with the start of spring training just five weeks away ,
they have reason to believe Ramírez would reconsider .
Trading Abreu is not without complications , however .
He is guaranteed $ 31
million over the next two years , and there is an
$ 18 million club option for the 2008 season that Abreu
presumably would like to see exercised in exchange for waiving
his no-trade clause .
The Sox , who last month traded incumbent shortstop Edgar Renteria just
weeks after trading top shortstop prospect Hanley Ramírez , had targeted
Tejada as the kind of player they 'd want in any
deal for Manny Ramírez .
Tejada , speaking after his game Saturday
night in the Dominican , admitted he thought he might be
going to the Red Sox .
" I think Boston was trying to get me , " he said .
" If
anything happens , we 'll wait and see .
Maybe it will happen
later on .
Right now , I 'm happy in Baltimore . "
Tejada confirmed he had called Duquette , saying , " I 'm done with that , "
regarding his trade request , but he did not back off
on his complaints about the club 's direction .
" I hope people understand , I was speaking for everybody , " he said .
" I speak for every player , I speak for the coaches ,
and I hope they heard what I said . "
The Sox are left to discern whether Tejada truly has reversed
course - which is obviously the way the Orioles are
interpreting his remarks , at least publicly - or whether there
might still be circumstances that would allow a trade to
proceed .
In the meantime , the Sox will continue their conversations about infielder
Julio Lugo with the Tampa Bay Devil Rays , who last
night failed to re-sign one of their own free agents ,
shortstop Alex Gonzalez .
With Gonzalez unable to re-sign with the
Devil Rays until May 1 , Tampa Bay may be reluctant
to trade Lugo , who could move from second base to
shortstop .
One possibility is giving the job to touted prospect
B.J. Upton , though he probably could use more seasoning .
Another
possibility is a trade for Kaz Matsui from the Mets ,
who have interest in Lugo as a second baseman and
also in pitcher Aaron Heilman .
The Devil Rays have asked the Sox for Andy Marte , the
third base prospect Boston received from Atlanta in the Renteria
deal .
The Sox have been unwilling to part with Marte ,
but they may feel greater urgency to make a deal
than Tampa Bay .
The Sox have said they 're willing to start the season with
Alex Cora at short , with rookie Dustin Pedroia , who played
second last season in the minors , also getting a look
there .
The Sox also continue to talk with the Dodgers and Athletics
about a possible three-way deal involving David Wells , who would
go to LA , while the Sox would facilitate the return
of Jay Payton to Boston , with Payton presumably happier in
an everyday role than he was as a backup last
year .
