Cox News Service ATLANTA -- Georgia could be in the running
for a $ 1.2 billion auto plant that may be one
of the largest investments in the South by a carmaker
in more than a decade .
West Point , Ga. , in Troup County near the Alabama border for
a manufacturing plant that could create 2,500 jobs , according to
an economic development trade publication .
Kia wanted to build its plant in Mississippi , but has turned
to Georgia in recent weeks as that site and others
in rival Southern states lost their luster , said Mike Randle ,
publisher of Birmingham-based Southern Business and Development magazine .
Kia "has run out of options " and is under a self-imposed
deadline to start construction on a new plant by June ,
Randle said .
" This is Georgia 's to win or lose . "
Officials at the state Department of Economic Development and the LaGrange-Troup
County Chamber of Commerce would n't comment on any negotiations with
Kia .
A Kia spokesman in Korea could not be reached .
Kia 's plant , if built , would cost more than $ 1.2 billion , making
it one of the largest investments in the South by
an automaker since General Motors Corp. built its Saturn facility
in Spring Hill , Tenn. , in 1990 , Randle said .
Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour said in August that Kia was considering
Meridian , Miss. , for a new U.S. plant .
Since then , Kia
has reportedly expressed reservations about that site .
Automotive News , an industry trade magazine , reported last month that Kia
also was looking at Chattanooga , Tenn. ; Decatur , Ala. ; Aiken , S.C. ;
and Hopkinsville , Ky .
But Randle believes those states may be less willing to offer
Kia the incentives it is seeking .
Kia is part of Korean automaker Hyundai .
West Point is now in play because it 's close to Hyundai 's
plant in Montgomery , Ala. , as well as that plant 's 35
suppliers , which would supply a Kia facility , Randle said .
Georgia may be more willing to offer Kia a fat incentive
package , as Georgia has failed to attract a new automaker
while it stands to lose both its existing plants , Randle
said .
General Motors said in November it would close its Doraville facility
by 2008 .
Ford Motor Co. could shutter its Hapeville plant
when the company announces a major restructuring Jan . 23 .
Georgia has failed twice - in 2002 and again last year
- to persuade DaimlerChrysler to build a van plant in
coastal Pooler .
Last fall , Daimler announced it would put that operation near Charleston ,
S.C.
Walter Woods writes for The Atlanta Journal-Constitution . E-mail : wwoods AT ajc.com
