Queen , " it was a pink feather boa .
For TV 's " American
Princess , " a rhinestone tiara .
Fresca booty included a beach bag with 20-ounce samples of the
soft drink company 's two new flavors , a Fresca T-shirt and
a Fresca sticky note pad with a Fresca press release
in a clear plastic tube .
We would NEVER write about Fresca .
Wait .
We just did .
Tim Laughlin , a contact for that press kit and client relationship
director for Fast Horse Inc. in Minneapolis , gets lots of
points for being the only one of several PR firms
and national marketing organizations we contacted that got back to
us in time for deadline .
He calls this marketing strategy " the shotgun approach . "
You send out
product samples and showy press kits to newspapers across the
country in hopes some will be impressed enough to work
these products into stories .
And some are .
Some newspapers , magazines , syndicates and online media outlets have columns devoted
to new products , it turns out .
So , as expensive as
this media blitz appears , it pays off .
" That 's probably why you continue to get them on a daily
or weekly basis , " Laughlin said .
" Obviously , we will take you off our list , " he added , deadpan .
Laughlin could n't talk budgets , but he did say it 's not unusual
for some mailings to go out to as many as
500 media organizations .
Marketers do research on these organizations to
help minimize the chance of their creations being winged into
the trash .
So how did we end up on the Fresca beach-bag-o'-gifts-'n'-surprises list ?
" We looked at the top 100 or so daily newspapers across
the country , " Laughlin said .
" One thing we did for Fresca
for very special people -- not that you 're not special
-- was fill a fruit basket with Fresca and fruit .
...
Only about five or six of those kits went
out .
They were pretty expensive . "
" Americans kiss five times a day .
To up your daily average ,
curl up with the steamy results of the Kiss and
Tell Survey by Close-Up Toothpaste , the experts in getting close .
More than 2,000 men and women puckered up and poured
out their hearts , including the biggest kissing sin , the most
popular kissing technique , most popular make-out song , the Hollywood hotties
Americans most want to lock lips with .. . "
MOST ANNOYING PRESS KIT
From the activist group People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals
for its Kentucky Fried Chicken " Bucket of Blood , " containing a
tiny rubber chicken with its throat slashed , accompanied by a
packet of fake blood , and its Colonel Sanders bobblehead , with
a demented Colonel attacking a defenseless chicken with a butcher
knife .
LOUDEST CLUNK MADE HITTING THE TRASH CAN
A large , emergency-yellow , reel-to-reel film canister came to a business writer .
When he pried off the lid , there , all nestled in
a bed of foam , was a press release pimping a
new vacuum cleaner .
MOST DEADWEIGHT
Every year our special-sections editor has a box bestowed upon him
containing 25 pounds of catalogs from the Shop at Home
Information Center .
