Cox News Service ATLANTA -- Barely four months into its bankruptcy
case , Delta Air Lines has a new judge to deal
with - at least temporarily .
equal dollops of humor and sarcasm to the airline 's Chapter 11
proceedings so far - has stepped aside for medical reasons ,
according to the federal bankruptcy court in New York .
She
was slowed by sciatica and two knee replacements .
She 'll be replaced by Judge Adlai S. Hardin Jr. , 68 , who
a former clerk described as a "very no-nonsense kind of
guy " who runs an efficient courtroom .
Beatty 's leave initially will be for two months , according to court
officials , but Delta 's case could stay with Hardin even after
Beatty 's leave ends if he handles several issues during her
absence .
" We anticipate a seamless transition , " said Delta spokesman Anthony Black .
Lawyers and other people involved with the case said the change
will likely slow proceedings initially .
But they added that it
should n't be disruptive over the long run because a bankruptcy
case involves numerous discrete issues and hearings rather than a
long , complicated trial .
" I do n't anticipate that it will result in significant delays , " said
Atlanta attorney Darryl Laddin , who has appeared before Beatty many
times but few times before Hardin .
" It can be difficult for a judge to step into the
middle of a case , but it 's done , " he said .
Laddin
predicted Hardin , who is also taking on another of Beatty 's
cases , will "get up to speed quickly " and may be
able to spend longer days in court than Beatty .
Beatty 's key rulings so far have involved retiree and pilot issues ,
but the judge in a large case like Delta 's also
referees dozens of claims involving aircraft leases and other creditors .
Ultimately , the judge must approve a plan of reorganization for
Delta to emerge from Chapter 11 .
The airline filed for
Chapter 11 protection in the Manhattan court on Sept. 14 .
Former clerk Josephine Yang-Patyi described Hardin as a gentlemanly , by-the-book judge .
" He is all about getting things done in the most efficient
way possible and the fastest way , " she said Monday .
Hence ,
court sessions could stretch late into the night .
" He does n't like delays .
He does n't like excuses , " Yang-Patyi said , adding
later : " There are litigants who just buy time .
He does n't
like that . "
Hardin is a distant relative of the late Adlai Stevenson , a
twice-failed presidential candidate in the 1950s .
His father , Adlai Stevenson
Hardin , was an ad executive who became a full-time sculptor .
Hardin spent much of his career at the prominent firm Milbank ,
Tweed , Hadley &amp; McCloy before moving to the bench about
10 years ago .
A graduate of Columbia 's law school , he
joined the firm after a short stint on active duty
in the Army , then did a range of commercial litigation ,
including antitrust and bankruptcy cases .
As a judge , one of his biggest cases was a bankruptcy
filing by NextWave Telecom , a company licensed to provide wireless
service in New York City and other areas .
He moved to stop the Federal Communications Commission from revoking NextWave 's
licenses , an issue that eventually was ruled on by the
U.S. Supreme Court , which decided the FCC had overstepped its
authority .
Hardin sought and listened to the opinions of his clerks and
interns , according to both Yang-Patyi and Jonathan Koevary , a former
intern who is now a bankruptcy attorney in New York .
" He is a very intellectual guy , a very fair guy , " Koevary
said .
" He let 's everybody speak . "
Jim Gray , chairman of a retired pilots group , fears the midstream
switch could disrupt the case .
" I do n't know how you bring somebody in and bring them
up to speed on a case of this magnitude , " he
said .
" Now it 's like starting over on a lot of things . "
He said Beatty , 63 , has "gotten a lot done " despite health
problems that limited her schedule .
Beatty often started hearings late and limited most to three or
four hours per day .
Still , Gray said Beatty appeared visibly weaker last week at the
latest Delta hearing .
Beatty became known as much for colorful ruminations as for rulings .
Her periodic digressions - which sometimes combined her own travel
experiences with advice on how to run a better airline
- both frustrated and amused lawyers and other parties .
Late last year , the lawyer for Delta 's pilots union asked Beatty
to recuse herself from a contract hearing , charging a prior
comment about pilots ' "hideously high " pay showed bias .
However , Delta 's lawyers later became frustrated with Beatty as well as
she questioned some of the airline 's arguments for needing pay
cuts .
At one point she loudly told a company lawyer
to " shut up , please . "
Kathleen Farrell-Willoughby , a court clerk , said Hardin was working with Beatty 's
staff Monday , but she did n't know how pending hearings would
be rescheduled , including a hearing set for Jan . 19 .
Russell Grantham and Matt Kempner write for The Atlanta Journal-Constitution . E-mail :
rgranthamajc.com , mkempnerajc.com
