that is in many ways the Palace 's Western counterpart .
Both
were built at the height of the Cold War as
supposed emblems of a government 's progressive values .
Just as the
Palace turns its back on the 19th-century city , Scharoun 's library
now turns its back on Potsdamer Platz , the former death
zone that separated postwar East and West , now the site
of a cluster of new corporate towers .
And then there 's the interior of the Palace , which is far
more likely to stir the interest of a young architect
than the facades .
Divided into three distinct areas , with the
parliament and concert halls flanking the main lobby , the interior
has been reduced to a grid of rusting steel beams .
Even so , many of these areas retain some of their
original character .
To New Yorkers , the lobby 's grand staircase , surrounded
by rows of balconies , may conjure the grand hall of
the Metropolitan Museum of Art .
And here and there , you
can still get a feel for the lustrous light that
filtered through the bronzed windows into the rows of corridors
that wrap around the building .
Embedded within their steel frame , the three adjoining spaces evoke an
immense hive buzzing with urban activity .
That dynamism has led Oswalt and others to compare the Palace
to an earlier favorite of the architectural avant-garde : Cedric Price 's
1961 Fun Palace for East London .
A theoretical design that
was never built , Price 's Palace was conceived as a constantly
shifting array of cultural activities plugged into a gigantic steel
frame .
Lacking walls , floors or a roof , it relied on
an elaborate system of mechanical systems intended to allow the
public to move freely through the space .
Open-air "rooms " were
framed by giant video projection screens and curtains of warm
air .
( BEGIN OPTIONAL TRIM. )
The hollow shell of the Palace of the Republic also brings
to mind more recent projects , like Rem Koolhaas ' 1994 Congrexpo ,
an exhibition and congress hall in Lille , France , that was
conceived as a collection of urban fragments enveloped in a
gigantic egg-shaped shell .
What these projects share is a resolve to pack the chaotic
intensity of a city into a single building .
And it
is that ethos that many young architects now hope to
tap into to revive the Palace .
Even in its state
of decay , it exudes a spirit that has so far
escaped people who are blinded by anti-Modernist prejudices and fearful
of anything that originated in the postwar communist East .
The split between these forces has an Oedipal subtext , as well .
Like most of us , many Germans are more comfortable dealing
with the distant past , however fraught .
In recent years , for
example , Berlin has happily renovated many of its Nazi-era landmarks ,
like the 1936 Olympic Stadium by Werner March , a building
whose rigid geometrical forms were a stark expression of Nazi
conformity .
( It will be home to the 2006 World Cup
soccer championship . )
By comparison , the generation that built the Palace is still mostly
alive .
For many Germans , that means their parents .
It may
