For Bert Blyleven , Cooperstown can wait .
This year 's Hall of Fame election results will be announced today ,
( Tuesday ) but the man who ranks fifth on baseball 's all-time
strikeout list already has plans .
Blyleven is having his truck serviced .
The Florida resident might even
play some golf .
" It 's going to be a normal day , " he said .
" I do n't
anticipate getting in .
Actually , I 'd be flabbergasted if I did .
Getting to 75 percent is quite a jump . "
When the 500-plus votes from the Baseball Writers Association of America
are counted , players must be picked on 75 percent of
the ballots to get selected .
This was Blyleven 's ninth year on the ballot , and his numbers
have increased every year since 1999 .
Still , it 's been a
difficult climb .
Last year , he reached 40.9 percent with 211
votes .
It 's been even more difficult for Jack Morris .
This is his
seventh year on the ballot , and last year he received
172 votes , or 33.3 percent .
So like Blyleven , Morris said this figures to be a typical
Tuesday .
Players can remain on the ballot for 15 years ,
as long as they receive at least 5 percent of
the vote .
" I decided years ago that if I dwelled on it , it 'd
hurt too much , " Morris said .
" I do n't need to dwell
on that .
My life is good .
I 've got my family ,
I 'm healthy , I 've got four world championship rings . "
This year 's ballot includes 29 names , and some voters have opined
that none of the 29 belong in the Hall .
Writers
can vote for anywhere from zero to 10 names per
year .
With a relatively unheralded group of first-time entries -- including Albert
Belle , Will Clark and Dwight Gooden -- others think this
could be the year for two of the game 's top
closers , Bruce Sutter and Goose Gossage .
Ballots were due Dec. 31 , and Blyleven received his share of
positive press clippings from the national media .
He credits advertising
executive Bill Hillsman for starting a publicity campaign and launching
the website www.bertbelongs .com .
Besides the 3,701 strikeouts , Blyleven racked up 287 victories during his
22-year career .
Some argue that he was n't a dominant pitcher ,
but he ranks ninth on the all-time list with 60
shutouts .
Minnesotans , of course , remember how Blyleven helped pitch the Twins to
their first World Series championship , in 1987 .
And they remember when Morris helped pitch them to their second
and last title , in 1991 , capped with his 10-inning shutout
in Game 7 of the World Series .
Still , early indications are these two will have to keep waiting
for a plaque in Cooperstown , N.Y .
According to early polling results from the Baseball Primer Newsblog , Blyleven
gathered 41.9 percent of this year 's Hall vote , with Morris
was at 30.6 percent .
Based on those results , in fact , nobody will make it this
year .
The leaders were Sutter ( at 69.3 percent ) , Gossage ( 64.5
percent ) and Andre Dawson ( 54.8 percent ) .
A few years ago , Blyleven made his frustration public .
His father ,
Joe Blyleven , was suffering from Parkinson 's disease , and the son
wanted to reach the Hall before his father died .
Joe
Blyleven passed away in October 2004 .
" I 've learned over the years that patience is a virtue , " Bert
Blyleven said .
" On Tuesday , I 'll probably check just to see
if the numbers went up . "
Progress is nice .
Maybe a weaker ballot has caused more writers
to reconsider Blyleven and Morris ' credentials .
But next year 's ballot includes Mark McGwire , Tony Gwynn and Cal
Ripken Jr.
