Cox News Service AUSTIN , Texas -- I 've come up with a
new native American name for Jack Abramoff , the lobbyist buddy
of U.S. Rep. Tom DeLay .
because of the way he bilked money out of the Tigua
Indians of El Paso .
That 's a colorful name with a certain ring to it , right ?
A certain ring like , you know , "ka-ching " -- the sound
a cash register makes when you punch the button .
And right now , DeLay 's button is being punched because of his
relationship with this Abramoff dude .
See , DeLay has been a close associate of Abramoff , the embattled
( the word journalists commonly use when they really mean "in
deep do-do " ) Washington lobbyist who got $ 1.85 million in secret
kickbacks from the Tiguas ' money .
The unwitting Tiguas got duped
into paying $ 4.2 million to Abramoff 's partner , Michael Scanlon , thinking
that for their investment they 'd get legislation passed that would
allow their Speaking Rock Casino in El Paso to re-open .
Well , the Indians got skunked , and the amendment they thought they
were paying for never got passed .
But DeLay and his wife did get a $ 28,000 golf trip
to Scotland in 2000 , paid for by money raised by
Abramoff .
Meanwhile , DeLay , whose golf trip to Scotland is being investigated by
the Justice Department 's Public Integrity Division , has decided he wo n't
try to regain his job as the House 's majority leader ,
although he is going to run again for his House
seat .
Still , the Tiguas are real unhappy .
For his part , DeLay says
he 's done nothing wrong .
Well , maybe not .
But it sure does n't smell like a dozen
roses .
And speaking of golf , you know what DeLay 's handicap
is ?
He 's a sleazeball .
Now whether he can putt , I
have no idea .
The bad news for the Tiguas is that even though they
invested all that money with Abramoff and his partner Scanlon ,
their $ 60 million-a-year casino remains closed .
This is not only
bad for the Tiguas .
This is also bad news for
Big Chief Funnybucks , I mean Tom DeLay .
If the casino
were opened , maybe he could get a job as a
blackjack dealer .
The good news is that no matter what happens , DeLay can
always fall back on his old occupation of exterminator and
make a living by going door to door , spraying for
insects .
He could start by spraying some of the insects
he 's been hanging out with , like , uh , Abramoff .
Who 'd miss
him ?
These days nobody wants to hang out with Jack
Abramoff , who has a new last name in Washington --
Who .
As in , " Jack Who ? " Suddenly , nobody knows this guy .
It really has been a rough couple of years on Texas '
image around the country , has n't it ?
First we got DeLay
wrapped up in scandal and facing a trial here in
Austin for money laundering .
Then we 've got Gov. Rick Perry
coming out in favor of teaching intelligent design in our
public schools , saying the concept qualifies as valid scientific theory .
Intelligent design ?
I would think the mere existence of Rick Perry
would refute that theory , scientific or otherwise .
John Kelso writes for the Austin American-Statesman .
E-mail : jkelso AT statesman.com
