that the rhythm is following him , instead of the other
way around ) , and his throaty voice is equally well suited
to leering or boasting .
And , it turned out , equally well suited to something else entirely .
That album included a salsa-inspired song called " Julito Marana , " featuring
Calderon .
The beat , produced by Maestro , was based on a
muscular piano riff , and the lyrics told a thug-life tale
that was cautionary but not , of course , unglamorous .
To accompany
the track , Voltio shot a long-form video , which found a
pulpy middle ground between " New Jack City " and " Trapped in
the Closet . "
How do you follow a debut like that ?
With more of
the same .
Literally .
Voltio 's new , self-titled CD reprises a fistful
of tracks from " Voltage A/C , " in case listeners missed them .
( Although hundreds of thousands of fans plainly did n't . )
" Bumper , " also
borrowed from his solo debut , has a staccato beat by
the producer duo Luny Tunes and a familiar-sounding chorus : it
revolves around the dance-floor cry " Rompe , " like the current Daddy
Yankee hit of the same name .
( Daddy Yankee translates the
command as " Break it down . " )
This new CD begins and ends with " Chulin Culin Chunfly " ; the
latter version adds some rather perfunctory rhymes from the Memphis
group Three 6 Mafia .
The reggaeton singer Zion adds a
slick , nimble chorus to " No Vamos a Parar , " built on
a heavy hip-hop beat .
But the real revelation here is
" Chevere , " featuring Notch , the singer who used to be half
of the reggae duo Born Jamericans .
The producer Tiny created
a gorgeous beat that evokes both the squiggly sound of
Lil Jon and the heroic sound of progressive-house music .
( Although
those two sounds are closer than many people think . )
Voltio
knows better than to rap too much , so he just
adds a few laid-back lyrics about a laid-back party ; do n't
be surprised if the party is still going this time
next year .
Just like its predecessor , this soundtrack to the second " Underworld " movie
is n't quite consistent .
In fact , it 's sometimes awful .
But it 's
also unusually coherent .
The CD traces a black-nail-polish sensibility through
emo , industrial , mainstream rock and heavy metal .
The mood is
grimly theatrical but the spirit is inclusive : wailers and growlers
and screamers are welcome ; guitar riffs and solos sit side
by side with synthesizer filaments and electronic beats .
The disc 's first half pits rockers against remixers , not always happily .
Chester Bennington , from Linkin Park , teams up with Julien K
for an unpleasant electro-rock song , " Morning After , " while one of
Slipknot 's quietest songs , " Vermillion Part 2 , " gets made a bit
louder .
" To the End , " by the great emo band My
Chemical Romance , is resurrected as a spiky new-wave dance track ,
which works better than the somber remix of " Burn , " by
the gloomy but cartoonish punk band Alkaline Trio .
( It 's a
big , wistful , lovable ballad , but it did n't need to be
supersized . )
Rock bands get left alone on the album 's second half , which
includes a new song from the old industrial act Meat
Beat Manifesto and one from the Italian goth-metal band Lacuna
