With Los Angeles taxpayers spending $ 26 million a
year to keep young people out of gangs , officials propose
creating a single agency to oversee the dozens of programs
designed to stem the city 's No. 1 crime problem .
The "anti-gang czar " plan , making its way through the city bureaucracy ,
has sparked renewed debate on how to fund anti-gang efforts
and how to make them effective and accountable .
Some question the plan 's focus -- as lacking a regional outlook
-- while a prominent scholar on gangs fears a new
agency would merely reshuffle programs that might be missing the
mark .
" I think the effort has to be much more concentrated at
using what we know about gangs , which is not what
the city agencies usually do , " said Malcolm Klein , emeritus professor
of sociology at the University of Southern California .
A single gang-control agency was proposed more than a year ago
by then-City Councilman Martin Ludlow .
The idea was recently re-introduced
by Councilman Tony Cardenas .
Later , Councilmen Eric Garcetti and Ed
Reyes proposed efforts to secure more money for such programs .
The motion , which has yet to go before the City Council ,
would require that a percentage of any new funds for
crime prevention , including the hiring of more police officers , be
set aside for youth anti-gang programs .
The proposed percentage has
not yet been specified .
The people running anti-gang programs may be nervous about the political
wrangling but say they are glad the discussion is taking
place .
" We do n't have an official position on the creation of the
( gang-control ) department , but anything that raises the issue and provides
for increased coordination , we are supportive of , " said John Chavez ,
director of L.A. Bridges , the largest of Los Angeles ' anti-gang
programs .
Details about a new-agency proposal are scarce .
Officials have declined to
provide many specifics pending completion of an ongoing bid process
for a consultant to draft a strategic plan .
But Cardenas has said he wants to trim overlapping functions and
provide accountability by placing a single official at the top .
The city 's Commission for Children , Youth and Their Families recently sent
a letter to the mayor and City Council saying the
bid process focuses too much on creating a new city
agency and not enough on fostering cooperation with regional partners ,
including school officials , regardless of boundaries , and county probation and
social workers .
" Gang violence is not a problem that can be analyzed and
addressed within defined geographic boundaries , " wrote Beatriz Olvera Stotzer , the
commission 's president .
The proposal has drawn support from the Los Angeles Police Department ,
the one city department that would be specifically excluded from
the new agency .
" I think what 's being proposed for the city government is the
missing part of the whole gang issue : the prevention and
intervention aspect -- the part that law enforcement really ca n't
do -- with someone at the top who 's accountable , someone
who can act as a conductor of the orchestra , " said
Lt .
Paul Vernon , an LAPD spokesman and former anti-gang team
leader .
Ludlow , who recently left the City Council to lead the Los
Angeles County Federation of Labor , said the main goal is
to stop finger-pointing that can hobble progress .
" Addressing the gang problem is as essential as fixing potholes , putting
speed bumps out there , trimming trees and providing some of
the basic services that taxpayers expect a city to deliver .
We have department directors for each of those , " Ludlow said .
" ( But ) the person coordinating L.A. 's gang response from a programmatic
level is three levels buried in the same department that
supervises day-care programs for toddlers .
That 's ridiculous . "
Tracking youths at risk of getting into gangs and trouble would
be a major function of the new agency as Ludlow
envisions it .
When a caseworker hears that a child is
being exposed to gang membership by an older sibling , the
information should be immediately shared with intervention specialists through a
formal procedure , Ludlow said .
The LAPD would be willing to work closely with such an
agency to facilitate information-sharing , Vernon said .
But Klein , the USC sociologist , is wary of micro-level case management
and of involving law enforcement in prevention efforts .
With some 40,000 gang members in the city of Los Angeles ,
it is impossible for a city agency to reach each
individual , he said , and the big-picture root causes , including poverty
and racism , are equally daunting .
City leaders should be focusing on the area in between , Klein
said , which is " the issue of how to empower communities
to take more charge of the situation themselves . "
Klein worked as a city consultant on such issues in the
late 1990s after then-Mayor Richard Riordan called for an anti-gang
czar .
While such an appointment was never made , the discussions
at the time led to the formation of L.A. Bridges .
The program 's prevention component provides after-school activities and individual case management
to about 4,000 kids ages 10-14 each year .
An intervention
segment reaches about 1,000 older youths already in gangs .
Klein contends that L.A. Bridges has become a general social-services program
that , while doing much for children , spends too many resources
on those who are not involved with gangs .
Anecdotal evidence suggests the program does help keep kids away from
gangs , Chavez said , although he said he is working to
arrange more empirical evaluations .
The program , voluntary for students and parents , is so popular that ,
even though they were on a break from school , more
than a dozen kids showed up at Sutter Middle School
on a recent afternoon .
One was Mark De La Vega , a seventh-grader from Reseda , participating
in a softball game and an art project that day .
He said he prefers these activities to staying in his
neighborhood , where gang members hang around .
" I like the sports , and I like the counselors , " he said
about L.A. Bridges .
" I have fun here . "
