Cox News Service AUSTIN , Texas -- Now that Vince Young is
leaving the University of Texas for NFL riches , the question
is : Which team will select him in the first round
of the NFL draft ?
drastically with his 467-yard performance that led the Longhorns to a
fourth NCAA title with a 41-38 win over Southern California
in the Rose Bowl .
The day after the Rose Bowl ,
ESPN 's Mel Kiper Jr. said Young should turn professional .
" You go to college to benefit yourself financially , to be financially
set for the rest of your life , " Kiper said on
ESPN.com .
" Certainly , Vince Young has a great opportunity based on
( the Rose Bowl ) to be the first , second , or third
pick overall in the NFL draft . "
Where a prospect gets picked is determined on several factors , including
the team 's need , the player 's talent and the player 's
signability -- or , in other words , how well negotiations go before
the draft .
The Houston Texans , New Orleans Saints and Tennessee
Titans hold the first three draft spots .
The Texans , however ,
already have a franchise quarterback in David Carr -- the
No. 1 overall pick in 2002 -- and are reportedly
planning on drafting Southern California running back Reggie Bush .
Now that Young has turned pro , the Bush partisans may be
split ; Young was a high school All-American at Houston Madison
High School .
While the Texans have given no indication that
their plans are changing , the Saints are expected to draft
USC quarterback Matt Leinart and release longtime starter Aaron Brooks ,
who has struggled the past two seasons and is scheduled
to make $ 13.5 million over the next two years .
That leaves the Titans at No. 3 , a spot that probably
would benefit Young since his mentor -- former NFL MVP
Steve McNair -- plays there .
McNair , whose solid career has
been plagued by injuries , said recently he plans on returning
for at least one more season , which would give Young
a chance to work with him .
Young could be in the same situation as McNair , who was
drafted by the Houston Oilers ( now the Titans ) with the
third overall pick in 1995 and spent his first two
seasons mostly as a backup to Chris Chandler .
McNair began
1997 as the unquestioned starter when the franchise moved to
Tennessee .
The New York Jets also could be interested in Young with
the fourth pick .
Quarterback Chad Pennington is coming off shoulder
surgery and the organization is in a transition period with
Coach Herman Edwards leaving to take over for the retired
Dick Vermeil in Kansas City .
Green Bay , also searching for a new coach after firing Mike
Sherman , has the fifth pick and is waiting to hear
if Brett Favre will return for a 15th season .
The
Packers , however , already have Aaron Rodgers -- their first-round pick
in 2005 -- waiting in the wings .
Young and his family members met with their pastor and attorney
to discuss his draft potential , and apparently , the NFL research
headed by his uncle , Keith Young , returned favorable results .
" We know a lot of teams were saying some good things
about us as we sat down ( to discuss the NFL ) , "
Young said Sunday .
" My uncle and the other guys did
their work .
After that , it was just about ( making ) the
decision . "
Young likely will become the most-watched rookie quarterback in years if
he does see playing time in 2006 .
Some believe he
would have benefited from playing one more year at Texas ,
but Kiper is n't one of them .
" When you maximize your ability at the collegiate level , what more
is there to accomplish ? " Kiper asked on ESPN.com .
Cedric Golden writes for the Austin American-Statesman .
E-mail : cgolden AT statesman.com
