Cox News Service DAYTONA BEACH , Fla . -- Sometimes it takes a
bad experience to realize how good you once had it
and how good you really are .
leadership at Dale Earnhardt Inc. as testing for the 2006 NASCAR
season got under way at Daytona International Speedway on Monday .
Although the team 's big crew swap of a year ago ended
in failure , Earnhardt Jr. said , the racing organization is better
off because of it .
For two-thirds of the season , Earnhardt
Jr.
was separated from his cousin and long-time crew chief ,
Tony Eury Jr.
They were reunited for the final 10
races of the season .
" Regardless of whether we thought it was right or not at
the time , it put us in a great position now , "
Earnhardt Jr. said .
Results-wise , it was a disaster with Earnhardt Jr.
After winning six
times in 2004 , he won once last year and missed
the cut for the Chase for the Nextel Cup .
But he said that during his struggles of 2005 , he discovered
driving skills he never realized he had while constantly trying
to take middle-of-the-pack cars to the front .
Many of those performances , like his fourth-place run at Bristol in
April , were overlooked by media and fans , but Earnhardt Jr.
said he knew he had done something special .
" There were certain events that I got more out of the
car and myself that I knew I had or was
capable of , " he said .
" I do n't know if I 've realized
exactly how capable of driving a race car I am . "
Steve Hmiel , who served as Earnhardt Jr. 's interim crew chief and
is back in his old job of heading research and
development at DEI , said Earnhardt Jr. is much better behind
the wheel than he realizes .
Hmiel cited the No. 8 team 's only victory in '05 --
at Chicagoland .
Earnhardt Jr. had at best what Hmiel described
as a sixth-place car .
He took two new tires on
his final pit stop , but still held off his competitors
who had four fresh tires .
" I do n't think he understands
how really good he is , " Hmiel said .
But when most of the spectacular drives of '05 did n't translate
into victories , it hammered home the point that it takes
more than driver skill to win races .
Richie Gilmore , director of motorsports at DEI , said Earnhardt Jr. has
a much greater appreciation for Eury Jr. and the people
who prepare his car .
" He had to go through a season like he did last
year to realize what kind of team he had , " Gilmore
said .
" He now knows that it 's a whole team effort .
A driver ca n't carry a team . "
Earnhardt Jr. took responsibility for initiating the failed crew swap ,
saying that after he and Eury Jr. stopped speaking to
each other during practice for the season finale at Homestead ,
he felt something had to be done to prevent permanent
damage to their long relationship .
" That was more important to me , " he said .
" It was n't about
trying to be more successful or winning more races or
being a champion .
I did n't want to get to the
point to where I could n't stand my cousin anymore . "
But time apart seemed to help heal the wounds , and when
the swap obviously was n't working , Earnhardt Jr. moved to fix
it .
He invited Eury Jr. to his motorcoach in mid-season
to talk things out .
"[Eury Jr. ] said some things that he normally would n't say and
one of them was that he really had a lot
of ... confidence in my abilities , " Earnhardt said .
" That 's something
he never even said before . "
Rick Minter writes for the Atlanta Journal-Constitution . E-mail : rminter AT ajc.com
