Q : Over the years I have battled to keep my home
movie collection in a format viewable with current technology .
I 've
transferred them from 8 mm film to VHS videotape .
Later
I transferred the VHS videotape onto DVD discs , viewable on
my home DVD player .
I read a recent story that the switch to HDTV is
now definite .
What is going to happen to all the
current DVD discs out there , including my old home movies ?
Am I going to have to convert the "old " DVD
format into another format compatible with the HDTV that I
will eventually have to buy ?
I presume there will be
new HDTV DVD disc media and new players to play
the new media , as the file size of an HDTV
movie will not fit onto a current DVD.
Will these old discs still be compatible and play on the
new HDTV DVD players and HDTV monitors ?
Or am I
facing another conversion process ?
Will my existing DVD player 's output
signal be viewable ( at a lower resolution ) on a HDTV
monitor , or will an older DVD player even hook up
to a new HDTV monitor ?
-- Mike Aleksick
A: There are a lot of good questions here , and I
bet you are not alone in wondering about these issues .
So let 's cut to the chase : All the video you
have stored on DVD now will work fine as the
broadcasters move from sending out analog signals to digital ones .
Let 's stop here , just for the sake of accuracy : The real
switch is from analog TV to digital TV .
All HDTV
sets are digital , but not all digital sets offer a
high-definition picture .
That said , you 're right in thinking that you 'll be able to
buy a movie DVD recorded in HDTV before long .
And
if you have an HDTV player , you can pop that
DVD in and be amazed at the improvement in resolution
over today 's DVDs .
The good news is that you 'll also
be able to view your old DVDs on that same
player .
You also asked whether you 'd be able to connect your current
DVD to an HDTV set .
You sure can .
My own
DVD player is connected to my HDTV set right now .
And it works just fine .
Now , everything I 've said is true for the immediate future .
During
the first few years , as Americans move from analog to
digital , the old and new should get along fine .
But as time goes by , that will change .
So you 'll face
the day when you will once again need to transfer
your old home movies to a new format -- maybe
one that does n't even exist today .
Q : I have SpyBot and Ad-aware Personal installed on my machine
and run them periodically .
They are , of course , the free
versions .
The other day , I saw an ad for a
free download of Noadware 4.0, another anti-adware program .
Immediately before I ran it , I ran SpyBot and Ad-aware .
After
cleaning up what they found , I ran Noadware 4.0.
It
found one registry item , 37 cookies and 29 files that
it said should be deleted .
The catch is , to remove these items one must pay $ 29.95 ,
a one-time fee .
Incidentally , Spybot said that Noadware was an
adware/spyware item .
So what is a body to do ?
I
would n't mind paying for a good system that would find
all spyware/adware items .
-- Meredith E. Bynum
A: Noadware is not a program I can recommend .
In my
opinion , it uses advertising that is misleading .
It also uses
scare tactics to induce the user to pay for what
had been billed as a free product .
It 's not alone in using these tactics .
Several other programs out
there use the same methods .
Here 's what a anti-adware product review site ( www.adwarereport.com ) had to say
about Noadware :
" It is heavily advertised on the Internet as an effective adware
removal tool .
Our tests indicate differently , however .
We uncovered a
product that was unable to detect real adware on our
computer , and instead tried to fool us with 'false positive . '
"
The two programs you use now -- SpyBot and Ad-aware --
are legitimate and effective .
No one program will find all adware and spyware .
But , used
together , these two do a fine job .
Bill Husted writes for the Atlanta Journal-Constitution . E-mail : bhusted AT ajc.com
