Even though their styling remains similar to that of the original
Boxster , the latest generation has 80 percent new components , including
all-new exterior parts , with styling roughly based on that of
the Carrera GT model .
The front deck lid is interchangeable with the 911 's , but exterior
styling has been changed to further differentiate the Boxster 's look
from that of the 911 .
The Boxster is more powerful in this newest generation , as well .
The base model jumped to 240 horsepower from the previous
225 , while the Boxster S increased to 280 horsepower from
the previous 250 .
Other substantive changes include larger brake disks with perforated rotors , redesigned
front air inlets and new taillights ( both "inspired " by the
Carrera GT , the company says ) , more interior space ( a request
from current owners ) , new headlights , dual oval exhaust tips ( replacing
the current round ones ) , new side sills , doors and door
handles , larger side windows for better visibility ( also a request
from current owners ) , and a new three-layer convertible top .
The 2006 model also has larger wheel cutouts to allow bigger
wheels and tires , front and rear .
Inside , the car has
been significantly redesigned as well for improved ergonomics , the company
says .
Included are all-new switches , instruments and air outlets .
The
pedals have been moved forward and the seat made deeper
to make the car more comfortable for taller people ( read :
men ) .
And in a first for the roadster segment , the car comes
with side-impact air bags that work even with the top
down .
The underbody is now completely covered , which not only protects underside
components , but also helps reduce wind resistance to give the
car its 0.29 coefficient of drag .
Structural changes include a new chassis and suspension system , a body
that is stiffer than before , a larger front luggage compartment ,
lightweight construction throughout that utilizes ultra-strength steel , and aluminum front
and rear deck lids .
The base model comes with a revised five-speed manual gearbox ; standard
on the S model and optional on the Boxster is
an all-new six-speed manual transmission .
On either model , a revised
Tiptronic automatic is available .
The steering system also is new , a variable-ratio power system that
gives the driver more precise control and better road feel .
On the Boxster , 17-inch wheels are standard , while 18-inch wheels are
used on the S model , and 19-inch wheels are optional
( and available on either model ) .
How about performance , the ultimate gauge of a sports car ?
The
Boxster is no slouch , even in base form .
The base
model goes from zero to 62 mph in 6.2 seconds ,
while the S model can achieve that speed in 5.5
seconds .
Top speeds are 160 mph for the base car and 167
mph for the S model .
The electric soft top is a bit of a speed demon
itself .
It will open or close in 12 seconds with
the push of a button in the cabin .
To unlatch
it , there is one lever to twist , over the rearview
mirror .
Both of these cars handle magnificently , and if you test the
