ATLANTA - Forget Maryland .
This is where it really begins .
The
11th-ranked Boston College men 's basketball team has come to Alexander
Memorial Coliseum to begin in earnest its inaugural season in
the Atlantic Coast Conference today against Georgia Tech .
With two exceptions - games against Holy Cross Jan . 17 and
Stony Brook Feb. 13 - it will be all ACC ,
all the time for the Eagles from here on out .
Despite losing its ACC opener to the Terrapins , 73-71 , Dec. 11
in College Park , Md. , BC will attempt to duplicate the
feat of its football team - which recorded its first
ACC victory on the road ( at Clemson ) .
" If you expect to have any success in your league , you 've
got to win a few games on the road , " said
BC coach Al Skinner , whose team is 11-2 overall .
" That 's
always a challenge .
That 's no different than what we 've had ,
but that 's what we 're confronted with .
I did n't think playing
Maryland was any different than playing at Syracuse , in that
respect .
" Other than the opponent , the environment was a little different for
us .
That 's going to be the biggest thing , just getting
used to the new venues and the environment . "
The Eagles , who have won five in a row since the
Maryland game , clearly are a different team , especially now that
they have a full complement of players , with 6-foot-8-inch sophomore
forward Akida McLain and 6-10 sophomore center Sean Williams important
additions last month .
" I think we all recognize that we 're going to be better
three weeks from now than we are today , and that 's
good , " Skinner said .
" I mean , you want to continue to
build and get better as the season goes along .
It 's
going to help us with the depth that we 've had
so guys do n't have to play as many minutes , but
more important , guys do n't have to play out of position
and we keep them comfortable . "
Georgia Tech , meanwhile , is but a shadow of the Final Four-bound
team that bounced the Eagles from the second round of
the NCAA Tournament two years ago .
There 's no B.J. Elder .
No Isma'il Muhammad .
No Luke Schenscher .
No Will Bynum .
And
no Jarrett Jack , who left school after last season for
the NBA .
" Unfortunately for us , we do n't have those guys we had to
go up against them two years ago , and we were
very lucky to win that game , " said Georgia Tech coach
Paul Hewitt .
" We 've got pretty much , as you know , a
new cast , but that Boston College team is probably as
physically strong and deep on the bench as we 've seen
all year . "
The Yellow Jackets (7-4 , 1-0 ) are 7-1 at home , rebounding from
a 54-46 loss at Air Force Dec. 28 with back-to-back
home wins against Bethune-Cookman ( 73-46 ) and Vanderbilt ( 76-67 ) .
Freshman guard Lewis Clinch , whom Hewitt described as "our most gifted
player , " could be a game-time decision .
Clinch returned to practice
last week after missing three games with a left leg
stress fracture .
" We got off to a tough start and we did n't play
up to our capabilities , but in the last 2-3 weeks
we 've really improved a lot and I like where we 're
going , " said Hewitt , whose team is led by 6-5 sophomore
guard Anthony Morrow ( 17.5 points per game ) .
" It 's been about
us playing more consistent basketball .
We had a stretch there
where we played only one game over 18 days and
we got back in the gym and worked on some
things that we were really struggling on .
Since then , we 've
played a lot better basketball . "
" They 're athletic and everyone says that they 're a young team , but
they 've got size and they 've got quickness and they 've got
guys who can really score , " Skinner said of the Yellow
Jackets .
" They 're a very tough opponent , particularly at home .
It 's
like every other ACC team where it 's going to be
a challenge to win on the road . "
