feature film , it 's noble , it 's a stretch .
It 's the pretty
lady putting on a fake nose and winning an Oscar . "
What makes " Little Dog " more than an extended satiric sketch , though ,
is Beane 's use of the big lie to consider more
subtle forms of self-deception -- from Mitchell and Alex 's insistence
to each other that they are n't really gay to the
emotion-deflecting armor of downtown hipness assumed by Alex and his
girlfriend , Ellen ( Zoe Lister-Jones ) .
Like " Bees , " " Little Dog " unfolds in artful counterpoints of lyrical internal
monologues and quick scenes , with two or three vignettes sometimes
occurring simultaneously .
( Allen Moyer 's sleek paneled set allows this to
happen with beguiling fluidness . )
Much of the dialogue is eminently
quotable out of context .
( Ellen on wishing she had figured
out earlier that club-hopping was boring : " I might have done
a little more drugs and paid a little less attention . " )
But the one-liners are always particular to their speakers .
Do n't feel
restless if in the early scenes it seems as if
the performers ( White aside ) are n't landing their jokes ; it 's because
they 're grounding their characters instead of going for laughs .
And surprisingly intricate characters they turn out to be .
Huff ( of
" Take Me Out " ) presents a Mitchell who is both charming
and blurred around the edges , the way actors without parts
to play can be .
You can see why Alex would
both fall hard for and be exasperated by him .
Galecki ,
best known as Darlene 's spineless boyfriend on " Roseanne , " finds the
unexpected will and resilience in a man who at first
registers as a passive drifter .
Lister-Jones , who has less to
work with , still shapes a complete portrait of a conflicted
and corruptible young woman .
All these -- along with other , unseen characters , like the self-righteous
gay playwright and battalions of lawyers and producers -- are
to some degree the pawns of Diane , who is to
movies what Faye Dunaway was to television in " Network , " a
business ' calculating heart made flesh .
Fortunately , White 's Diane is n't the
melodramatic masochist that Dunaway 's Diana was .
She may have no life outside her job .
She may be
damned by actually having perspective on the shallowness of her
world .
( Listen to the way she makes fun of the
way movie people , including herself , turn ordering salads into power
plays . )
But Diane loves what she does .
And Beane , who
has clearly done time among Hollywood power mongers , hears the
perverse poetry in her hyped-up industry-speak , in its odd blend
of a fan 's genuine enthusiasm and a cynic 's distancing exaggeration .
White talks this talk so fluently and expertly , with knife-edged body
language to match , that even when she 's hammering out the
clauses in a contract ( taken to the last delicious degree
of absurdity by Beane ) , she 's Scheherazade .
Just be thankful she 's
not asking you to sell your soul , because , really , you
would n't stand a chance .
THE LITTLE DOG LAUGHED
By Douglas Carter Beane ; directed by Scott Ellis ; sets by Allen
Moyer ; costumes by Jeff Mahshie ; lighting by Don Holder ; music
and sound design by Lewis Flinn ; production stage manager , Linda
