universalism and dangers too in its sweeping claims , perhaps as
many as there are in the kind of narrow allegiance
to kith and kin that Appiah also criticizes .
We are always "partial to those closest to us , " he notes ,
loyal to connections of nation , clan , family .
These impulses pull
inward , denying any universalism other than an expansion of our
own vision .
They may be supplemented , he suggests , but they
cannot be ignored .
So we are all caught in our distinct worlds of belief
and allegiance .
Moreover , if it is so difficult to come
to agreement on principles with those who see the world
as we do , how much more so is it to
find common ground with those of an alien culture ?
" Nothing
guarantees that we will be able to persuade everyone else
of our views , " Appiah writes .
" This is a constraint that
cosmopolitans , like everyone else , must accept . "
But how , then , is a larger perspective possible that does not
deny the particular ?
And how does universalism avoid malignancy ?
Appiah 's exploration of a middle course seems directly connected to the
experience of his own educated family in Ghana , which provides
a model of the cosmopolitanism he seeks .
His English mother
and his African father , who was a leader of the
independence movement in the Gold Coast , offered a storehouse of
cultural interactions .
There is his Auntie Grace , a Christian , who
married a Lebanese Muslim and became a consummate cook of
cross-cultural virtuosity .
There is his family 's intriguing mixture of premodern
beliefs and scientific rationalism : his sister once sacrificed a white
ram to protect the family from witchcraft .
There are the
tribal differences and international bustle of the city , Kumasi , where
"scores of languages of Ghana " were heard along with a
global sampling of tongues and tastes .
And that was a form of cosmopolitanism , in Appiah 's view .
It
develops out of immersion and contact .
It does not require
agreement ; it expects disagreement .
It is messy and unpredictable .
Some
allegiances are stronger than others ; some require support .
Cosmopolitanism is
also more a matter of temperament than of principle .
The
model Appiah invokes is conversation -- conversation in which multiple
perspectives take one another into account .
Appiah is so sure-footed and gracious in his explorations that one
feels engaged , hopeful , advocating his cosmopolitan ambitions .
Appiah also personally
reflects his own ideal .
But one worries over the complications .
For while Appiah celebrates this miscegenation of belief and perspective ,
he does not mean to offer a relativistic shrug.
There
are distinctions to be made .
The scientific world-view , Appiah notes ,
is more successful in describing the world than witchcraft .
It
has a superior claim , at least in certain matters .
There are also important distinctions to be made between the "malign
universalism " of Islamic fundamentalism and the "benign universalism " of cosmopolitanism .
The first permits no difference or dissent .
It is monochromatic ,
fundamentally intolerant .
And that is its malignity .
" There are limits
to cosmopolitan tolerance , " Appiah points out : it cannot abide intolerance .
But how then is that confrontation between fundamentalism and cosmopolitanism to
