The contest for House Republican leader shaped up Sunday
as a race between two senior rivals , with the Bush
administration and its congressional allies braced for a potentially divisive
internal battle at the start of a crucial campaign year .
One day after Rep. Tom DeLay of Texas ended his effort
to regain the majority leader 's position , Rep. John A. Boehner
of Ohio , chairman of the Education and Workforce Committee , announced
he would oppose Rep. Roy Blunt of Missouri for the
post .
At the same time , Blunt , the No. 3 leader who has
been filling in for DeLay since his indictment in a
Texas campaign finance case in September , stepped up an aggressive
campaign to secure commitments from his colleagues as he and
his allies tracked down House members scattered for the recess .
While the names of other potential leadership candidates circulated , no
one else immediately stepped forward .
With Republicans reeling from a lobbying scandal that shredded support for
DeLay , Speaker Dennis Hastert announced Sunday that Rep. David Dreier ,
R-Calif. , the chairman of the Rules Committee , would explore changes
in lobbying laws .
" Recent developments have made clear the need for the House to
take a closer look at the rules regarding members ' interactions
with lobbyists , " Dreier said in a statement .
For the White House , the leadership fight will complicate President Bush 's
efforts to press ahead with his political recovery effort after
a difficult 2005 .
It is also likely to distract attention
from the agenda he plans to set out in the
State of the Union address , which he is expected to
deliver on Jan .
31 , during the same week as the
leadership vote .
Congressional aides said the election to choose a permanent replacement for
DeLay was tentatively scheduled for Feb. 2 , but both Blunt
and Boehner were trying to wrap up the contest quickly
by obtaining pledges from at least 116 members -- a
majority of the current Republican membership of 231 .
Republican officials said both men would have to reassure colleagues that
they would not take a leadership slot only to be
caught up later in the scandal surrounding Jack Abramoff , the
onetime close associate of DeLay who pleaded guilty last week
to a series of federal charges tied to his lobbying
operations .
