STUDENT , TUTOR , DJ, AND NEXT , TV STAR A photo is being
sent to NYTNS Photo Service subscribers .
Non-subscribers can make individual
purchases by calling 800-535-4425 .
Meeting the Minds
Roberto Martinez can talk about quantum dots and string theory , electron
transport and structures one-billionth of a meter in size .
It 's
all in a day 's work for the Harvard University graduate
student , who is working toward his PhD in mathematical physics .
But now Martinez , 26 , is about to bring it down to
a level the average American can understand and even enjoy .
Martinez is about to become a reality TV star .
" They 've got the tools .
They 've got the brains .
And they 've only
got five days to replicate the wonders of the natural
world , " shouts a recent Animal Planet ad for the new
show , called " Chasing Nature . "
It is , in a sense , " Survivor " for really , really smart people ,
and when Martinez heard about it almost a year ago ,
he jumped at the idea of appearing on the show .
He may be smart , but he 's also young and hip with
a face made for television .
He may be a scientist , but he 's also a disc jockey ,
a guy who plays his own house music in Boston-area
clubs , then comes home to curl up with a nice ,
long article on , say , constructive quantum field theory .
He idolizes Albert Einstein and Leonardo Da Vinci , the late physicist
Richard Feynman and the famous mathematical physicist Edward Witten -
people who , as Martinez sees it , gave everything to their
craft .
One day , if he 's lucky , Martinez hopes , he will
be like them .
But first , there is his national television
debut on Jan .
31 , a chance to show off another
side of science .
" I wanted to change the view of us , of what a
scientist does , of what a scientist is , " Martinez said .
" You're
not this geeky kid who has no social skills , who
does math with a pencil , drinking liters and liters of
coffee , ranting , and flipping out later in life .
That 's not
who we are .
That 's not real life . "
In the show , a handful of the nation 's top engineering students
are asked to build something that is able to mimic
an animal 's natural-born abilities .
In Martinez 's case , the animal was
a scorpion .
The challenge : to construct , in less than five
days , a functional , movable scorpion tail large enough to fit
onto the back of a dune buggy .
The students then
had to use the tail in a final challenge to
kill fake prey .
Much drama - or perhaps hilarity -
presumably ensues .
" They knew what they were doing , " Martinez said .
" The production crew ,
the camera crew , the director , the producer - they were
looking for drama .
They were looking for an engineer who
would get pissed off and throw things . "
To find out whether that happens to Martinez , tune in later
this month .
Friends are looking forward to it , and so
is Martinez .
To be on the show - filmed on
location in Australia - he had to overcome his fear
of flying and then find a way to get along
with other engineering students under pressure and a tight deadline .
It was exciting , he said , and it has also opened unexpected
doors .
Martinez said he has already been contacted by another
reality show , " Beauty and the Geek , " which is sort of
like " The Bachelor " for really , really smart people .
" I 'd love to be on that kind of show , " he said .
But first , he 's interested in seeing how this one turned
out .
" They took 60 hours of film - 60 hours of film
- and whittled it down to one hour , " Martinez said .
" The things I say , the things I do , are really
up to the editors .
They could make me look like
a fool or they could make me look like Edward
Witten .
I 'll leave it up to them . "
FACT SHEET
Home : Born and raised in Metairie , La. , just outside New Orleans ,
and now living in Cambridge .
Family : Martinez 's friends and family in New Orleans were displaced by
Hurricane Katrina last fall and remain scattered across the United
States as 2006 begins .
Education : Earned a bachelor 's of science from Christian Brothers University in
Memphis in 2002 and a master 's in applied physics from
Harvard University last year .
The show : Will air on Animal Planet channel Jan . 31 at
8 p.m.
His science : For his PhD , Martinez said he would like to
try solving the Yang-Mills and Mass Gap Millennium Problem .
The
challenge : to find a mathematical explanation for a well-known but
not totally understood theory about the mass of particles and
their interactions .
The person who can do it would win
$ 1 million from the Cambridge-based Clay Mathematics Institute .
Martinez said
he wants to solve it for the sake of science .
" I 'm not worried about the million dollars , " he says .
" I'll
give it back to the institute . "
His fears : Martinez conceded that he does n't really know why he 's
afraid to fly , given his understanding of the dynamics of
flight .
But he said it may have something to do
with the increased levels of carbon dioxide found in airplanes .
Studies have shown that higher levels can induce panic attacks
in patients predisposed to anxiety .
