Cox News Service CINCINNATI -- The Bengals lost more than a
first-round NFL playoff game on Sunday .
They lost Pro Bowl
quarterback Carson Palmer until 2006 training camp at the earliest .
knee on the second play from scrimmage and the Bengals never
recovered .
The Pittsburgh Steelers , staying true to their rough-and-tough image , dominated every
facet of the game and mauled the Bengals , 31-17 , in
front of 65,870 spectators at Paul Brown Stadium .
Ben Roethlisberger passed for 208 yards and three touchdowns and the
Steelers rumbled for 144 rushing yards to earn the right
to face Indianapolis in the AFC divisional round at 1
p.m.
Sunday .
" It 's devastating , " offensive tackle Willie Anderson said as the Bengals ( 11-6 )
finished the season with three straight losses .
" Our goal is
to get back to the playoffs next season , but you
never know how long it 's going to take you to
get back . "
Palmer went down at 10:24 of the first quarter -- he
had unleashed a 66-yard pass to rookie wide receiver Chris
Henry , the longest pass in Bengals postseason history -- when
Steelers defensive end Kimo von Oelhoffen crashed into his left
knee .
Palmer crumbled to the FieldTurf , writhing in pain .
He
was taken off the field on a cart and an
MRI revealed a torn ACL.
" I knew right away that it was bad , " Palmer said .
" I
felt my whole knee pop .
It was n't really painful at
all physically .
It was just a sickening feeling because I
knew what it was , and that my season was over . "
Backup quarterback Jon Kitna led three first-half scoring drives as the
Bengals seized a 17-14 halftime lead .
But the second half
was all Pittsburgh .
The Bengals blew an opportunity to go up 20-14 on the
first drive of a second half , but a bad snap
aborted a 33-yard field goal attempt .
The Steelers responded with
17 unanswered points and intercepted Kitna twice in the fourth
quarter .
" I want to congratulate Cincinnati on a tremendous season , " Steelers coach
Bill Cowher said .
" I feel very bad about Carson Palmer .
It 's an unfortunate accident .
You hate to see someone 's season
end like that .
These are two very evenly matched teams .
We 're fortunate and feel good about moving on . "
Chick Ludwig writes for the Dayton Daily News .
E-mail : cludwig AT
DaytonDailyNews.com
