In a sign of increasing restlessness in the ranks ,
House Republicans who led the call to oust Rep. Tom
DeLay urged colleagues Monday to hold off from making commitments
in new leadership races until they won guarantees of significant
changes in the way the House did business .
The lawmakers , Reps .
Charles Bass of New Hampshire and Jeff Flake
of Arizona , said in a letter to House Republicans , " Elections
that appear to be foregone conclusions do not advance the
reformist agenda many of us pledged to uphold to our
constituents . "
The two lawmakers started a petition drive against DeLay
last Friday that contributed to his decision on Saturday to
abandon his effort to return as majority leader .
At the same time , Rep. Mike Pence of Indiana , head of
a faction of House conservatives , took himself out of any
leadership battle but said he would invite the contenders to
a retreat at the end of the month to lay
out their approaches .
Pence said he wanted to make certain
that " House conservatives play a decisive role in selecting our
new leaders and setting the new agenda . "
The encouragement for the rank and file to go slow indicated
that it would be difficult for either of the chief
contenders , Reps .
Roy Blunt of Missouri and John A. Boehner
of Ohio , to wrap up the race before the leadership
vote , tentatively scheduled for Feb. 2. It also showed that
many House Republicans were intent on seeking major changes in
their party 's direction in the wake of an election-year lobbying
scandal .
Two lawmakers who Monday jumped into a potential race for the
No.
3 position , majority whip , said House Republicans needed to
move on a new course or face the prospect of
losing their majority to Democrats .
" I am afraid we have lost our way in the day-to-day
administration of this government , " one of the lawmakers , Rep. Mike
Rogers of Michigan , wrote to his colleagues , proposing that Congress
create an independent commission to monitor the activities of lobbyists .
The other lawmaker , Rep. Todd Tiahrt of Kansas , who joined Rogers
and two others in the whip race , said that "maintaining
the status quo is the wrong direction , " and he circulated
a statement of support from Rep. Steve Buyer of Indiana ,
chairman of the Veterans Affairs Committee , calling for " a new
face on leadership . "
While some lawmakers were trying to slow the pace of the
contest , Boehner and Blunt were headed in the opposite direction ,
trying to line up as much firm backing as they
could in the drive toward the 116 House Republican votes
needed for election .
Aides to both lawmakers circulated names of House members who were
backing the men or who were actively trying to deliver
support , though they would not put a number on the
level of pledges .
" We have well over two dozen members working on Mr. Blunt 's
behalf , " said Jessica Boulanger , a spokeswoman for Blunt , the No.
3 member of the House leadership who has been filling
in for DeLay since the lawmaker 's indictment in Texas in
September .
DeLay had been trying to resolve those charges in the hopes
of regaining his majority leader 's post when the House returned
on Jan . 31 .
But the guilty plea to corruption charges
last week by the lobbyist Jack Abramoff , a former DeLay
associate , derailed that plan .
On Monday , a Texas criminal appellate court turned down a request
by DeLay to either throw out the campaign-related money laundering
charges or order a speedy trial , returning the case to
a lower appeals court .
That decision means that his trial
in Texas could still be months off and that he
would have faced pressure to relinquish the position regardless of
Abramoff 's criminal conviction .
In an effort to establish his credentials as a congressional reformer ,
Boehner on Monday distributed to his colleagues a nearly 40-page
document laying out his proposals for changing the House and
making Republicans a "majority that matters . "
As they watched from the sidelines , House Democrats said the Republican
scramble for change ignored the role the Republican majority had
played in the unfolding lobbying scandal .
" The fact of the matter is , " said Rep. Steny H. Hoyer
of Maryland , the No. 2 House Democrat , "members of Congress
conceived of , presided over and enforced a system of legislator-lobbyist
relationships that is now coming to light through the indictment
and subsequent guilty plea of Jack Abramoff and others . "
