Cox News Service
JERUSALEM - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon began breathing on his
own Monday as doctors began to revive him from a
coma .
But chances remained slim that Sharon , 77 , would return
to public office after his massive stroke , they said .
Dr.
Shlomo Mor-Yosef , director-general of Hadassah Hospital , told reporters that Sharon
moved his right arm and leg in response to stimulation .
The response constitutes a "very important " sign of reliable brain function ,
but doctors still do not know if Sharon , who remains
connected to life-support systems , has retained substantial cognitive abilities , Mor-Yosef
said .
Sharon has not yet opened his eyes or regained consciousness five
days after suffering the stroke .
His chief surgeon , Felix Umansky ,
said that the leader remains in critical condition and that
it is too soon to say that he was out
of danger .
" The moment that the prime minister is able to talk to
us and to sit up one can say there will
no longer be danger to his life , " he said .
At the entrance to the hospital Monday , the Associated Press reported ,
three Jerusalemites hung up a white sheet with blue lettering
in English and Hebrew that read , " Ariel Sharon , there is
more to do , please wake up . "
Doctors performed three brain operations to stem hemorrhaging in Sharon 's brain
after his stroke Wednesday night .
He had been in a
medically induced coma since Thursday as a way to allow
his body to heal from some of the trauma .
Umansky said that it would take up to two days to
fully revive Sharon from the coma and for doctors to
evaluate his mental and physical functions .
Meanwhile , Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas confirmed that Palestinian parliamentary elections
would take place as scheduled Jan . 25 .
He urged his
people to participate in the vote .
Abbas said that the White House had assured him that Palestinians
would be able to vote in the Arab neighborhoods of
Jerusalem , despite previous Israeli threats to prohibit the balloting .
" With this situation , there is nothing preventing the elections from going
ahead , " he told a televised news conference scheduled on the
eve of the Islamic feast of Eid al-Adha .
" I call
on the Palestinian people to take part in the shaping
of democracy so we can prove to the world that
we deserve this democracy . "
Israel views Jerusalem as its undisputed capital , but portions of the
city captured by Israel in the 1967 war have substantial
Arab populations .
Palestinians want to make Jerusalem part of a
future state .
Abbas , also known as Abu Mazen , had said he would cancel
the ballot if the more than 120,000 Palestinians eligible to
vote were not allowed .
Israel said it would forbid them
in response to the fact that the Islamic group Hamas
is running in the election .
Abbas ' political party Fatah is expected to win the polls despite
an expected strong showing by Hamas .
( Story can end here ; optional material follows . )
Israel 's public security minister , Gideon Ezra , said that Israel would allow
campaigning in Jerusalem as long as candidates register first with
police and do not belong to militant groups .
" Only those who do n't represent extremist groups will receive permission , " Ezra
told Israel Radio .
Hamas is considered a terrorist group by the White House for
its campaign of suicide bombings against Israelis .
However , its candidates
are a mix of mainly social workers , teachers and charity
officials who have made a career of helping needy Palestinians .
Abbas , in the news conference , appealed to Palestinian militant groups to
emulate Hamas and stick to the pact reached among them
last spring to end attacks against Israel .
" The hudna (ceasefire with Israel ) must continue in 2006 ; it is
a gift we are giving to our people , " he said .
Margaret Coker 's e-mail address is mcoker@coxnews.com
