Maybe it 's not ripped from the headlines , but we think we
did a nice job of cutting and pasting it into
this little space for easier analysis :
WHAT HAPPENED : Lynn Swann , the pro football Hall of Famer and
ABC Sports sideline guy , officially announced his candidacy for the
Republican nomination in this year 's Pennsylvania gubernatorial race .
On his
Web site ( www.lynnswannteam88.com ) , the former Pittsburgh Steelers star says the
state needs " a vision to get government under control , lower
the tax burden on our working family and job creators ,
and make sure that our children have the opportunity for
a quality education . "
WHAT 'S THE PROBLEM : After every one of whistle-stop campaign speeches , he 's
got to stop saying : " Back to you , Brent . "
Apparently , the TV sideline gig is just a step to bigger
and better things .
Some end up in Playboy .
Others seek
political greatness .
It 's all about sex and power .
Which can only lead to : Tony Siragusa , Secretary of Defense .
WHAT HAPPENED : NBA commissioner David Stern has been named the biggest
big-shot in sports in the annual Sporting News " Power 100 "
rankings .
The magazine , which had him ranked No. 4 a
year ago , cites Stern 's ability to negotiate a new collective
bargaining agreement as his major achievement .
WHAT 'S THE PROBLEM : NHL commissioner Gary Bettman , whose league iced an
entire season because of a mind-numbing labor dispute , made the
list at No. 6 .
All this will encourage him to
do is implement a stupid dress code next .
WHAT HAPPENED : The NFL wo n't accept sponsorship from erectile-dysfunction drug manufacturers
after its current $ 6 million-a-year deal with the makers of
Levitra runs out this season .
It 's just as well , say
the drug companies , since all the ad dollars spent did n't
lead to the anticipated sales .
John von Stade , the vice president of a company that handles
sponsorship deals for Cialis , told the Sports Business Journal : " There 's
a real flattening out in the marketing expenditures because the
market never reached the size that was projected . "
WHAT 'S THE PROBLEM : Size is n't everything .
WHAT HAPPENED : Mo Vaughn , the recently retired All-Star first baseman , is
opening a high-end car wash in Attleboro , Mass. , called the
" Mo Vaughn Express Car Wash . " It 'll also have oil-change bays ,
a gas station , a convenience store and a Dunkin ' Donuts .
WHAT 'S THE PROBLEM : Anyone who remembers Big Mo tumbling down the
steps of the Angels dugout while trying to chase a
foul ball that effectively ended his career must realize that
the thought of him on wet pavement while popping another
dozen doughnut holes into his mouth spells more disaster .
WHAT HAPPENED : The NCAA says it will bolster its anti-gambling message
at this season 's basketball tournaments after a study showed 69
percent of male college athletes and 47 percent of the
female athletes participated in some form of illegal wagering .
WHAT 'S THE PROBLEM : Betcha they do n't listen .
WHAT HAPPENED : The USC Alumni Association is offering a "fantasy weekend "
next month at the Ritz-Carlton in Kapalua , Maui where , for
just $ 5,245 , you can golf , drink and mingle with a
bunch of former Trojans , including Rodney Peete , Charles White , Paul
McDonald , Rod Martin , Roy Foster and Jason Sehorn .
WHAT 'S THE PROBLEM : Does it cost more if Sehorn brings his
wife ?
WHAT HAPPENED : Bode Miller , the two-time Olympic silver medalist and U.S.
favorite at next month 's Winter Games , says in a CBS '
"60 Minutes " piece tonight that not only has he tried
skiing drunk , but he 'd do it again .
" If you ever tried to ski when you 're wasted , it 's not
easy , " Miller says in the taped interview .
" Try and ski
a slalom when ... you hit a gate less than
every second .
... You 're putting your life at risk ...
It 's like driving drunk , only there are no rules about
it in ski racing . "
WHAT 'S THE PROBLEM : Saturday , Miller said he 's upset at how his
comments were portrayed in media accounts .
What he meant to say is he 's interested in becoming a
spokesman for Miller Lite .
WHAT HAPPENED : Men 's Fitness magazine has decided that Los Angeles is
the nation 's third-fattest city , jumping up on the list from
No.
21 a year before and prevented from becoming No.
1 only because of Chicago and Las Vegas .
Baltimore , home
of the buttery crab cake , is the healthiest .
The survey
used considers such things as the obesity percentage of the
adult population , number of health clubs , participation in fitness-related activity ,
number of fast-food outlets , TV viewing levels , climate , mountains , beaches ,
air quality and traffic congestion in each city .
WHAT 'S THE PROBLEM : Aside from those last two , is the real
issue here that all the fatheads are jealous we have
so many Fatburger outlets ?
