West Virginians began burying their fallen miners
on Sunday , mourning their losses but celebrating the lives and
legacies of men who prided themselves on making a living
by harvesting coal from deep within the earth .
In the mountain hamlets surrounding the Sago Mine , hundreds of mourners
turned out for the funerals of six of the 12
men who died there last week .
But the grief , sympathy
and prayers extended well beyond the funerals , most of them
private services from which reporters were banned .
White ribbons and bows adorned utility poles in Buckhannon , and dozens
of roadside signs conveyed the somber mood .
" Healing hurts , " said
one sign outside a doughnut shop here .
One just north
of town read , " God just got 12 new angels . "
At the service for Jesse L.
Jones , a 44-year-old miner from
Pickens , the Rev. Donald Butcher , pastor of Sand Run Baptist
Church , spoke the names of each of the 12 men
killed at the mine and talked about their way of
making a living and making a life .
" You see , coal miners are a different breed of men ; they
do n't have any fear , " Butcher said to about 200 mourners
at a funeral chapel just north of the mine .
Miners ,
he said , give us electricity for lights as well as
powerful lessons on working tirelessly , no matter the circumstances .
" God gives us people who are heroes , and we do n't even
realize it , " he said .
" We got lots of coal miners
here with us today .
America is great because of this
profession and because of men like Jesse , who put their
lives on the line . "
The pastor spoke of one of Jones ' grandfathers , who was killed
in a mine explosion , and of members of his own
family , one of whom lost his sight and others who
lost their fingers mining .
The other miners buried Sunday were Alva Martin Bennett , 51 ; Jerry
Groves , 56 ; David Lewis , 28 ; Martin Toler , 51 ; and Jack
Weaver , 52 .
At Sago Baptist Church , where inaccurate first reports of the survival
of 12 miners brought euphoria that later turned to grief ,
the Rev. Wease Day stood in front of a huge
picture of the Last Supper during regular Sunday morning services
and tried to make sense of it all .
Wearing a blue tie with the face of Jesus on it ,
Day told the congregation , " The other night when we received
what we all believed to be good news , we all
shouted and rejoiced , but you know when the other news
came it broke our hearts as well . "
But , he said , God would never forsake his people and was
with them throughout the heartbreaking ordeal , even if they could
not understand or answer the unanswerable questions .
" Many times people think , ' Well , it was God 's fault , " ' Day said ,
" but God has a master plan , and everything comes together
in that master plan .
He was in control every minute .
" We were in this building the other night and it came
to mind that the spirit was so great here and
it was so great outside and God had just covered
these old hilltops with his holy spirit , his holy power . "
After the service , the church bells rang 12 times , echoing through
the mountains .
Just down the road near the entrance to
the Sago Mine , 12 black ribbons hung from a fence .
Even as the towns mourned their dead , people kept praying for
the recovery of the sole survivor of the mine disaster ,
Randal McCloy Jr. , 26 .
Doctors at West Virginia University Hospitals ,
where McCloy is being treated , said that he remained in
critical condition Sunday night but that his heart , lung and
muscle functions had improved .
McCloy was breathing on his own , and doctors had stopped sedating
him .
At First United Methodist Church , the pastor , the Rev. Mark Flynn ,
told congregants that he had been with the families of
the miners almost nonstop for three days .
" I went to Sago to minister to those families , and they
ministered to me , " Flynn said .
" I was touched by the
strength , the love and the wisdom .
In those dark days
and nights at the Sago Baptist Church , I saw some
light .
I saw light in the faith and love of
the family members with whom I talked .
" Their faith was not just a vague notion that somehow everything
would turn out as they wished .
These people believe that
they and their loved ones were in the hands of
God , no matter what happened in that mine . "
