The two new anchors of ABC 's " World News
Tonight " spent their first week separated by the network equivalent
of a modesty curtain : Elizabeth Vargas and Bob Woodruff were
on different continents , making eye contact only by satellite .
It made for a fairly stiff news program , but it was
a way to finesse the chemistry issue hovering over ABC 's
decision to replace the late Peter Jennings with male and
female anchors .
Vargas read the news in the studio , for
the most part , while Woodruff reported from Tehran and , later
in the week , Jerusalem .
Most of the time , Vargas seemed
in charge .
" All right , Brian , thank you so much , " she
briskly said to the correspondent Brian Ross , before turning to
Woodruff 's report about Iranian nuclear capabilities .
" Bob Woodruff has the
story from Tehran , the capital of Iran , " she said .
Even that fillip of needless information seemed aimed at giving Vargas 's
authority a booster shot .
She is only the third woman ever chosen to co-anchor the
network evening news , and her predecessors did not have an
easy time of it .
Both were accused by critics of
being more frivolous and infotainment-minded than their male counterparts .
And
the men were not team players .
ABC 's Harry Reasoner visibly
chafed at having to share his desk with Barbara Walters
from 1976 to 1978 .
Dan Rather of CBS resented Connie
Chung , who was named co-anchor in 1993 .
( She left in
1995 , and has not rebounded as successfully as Walters .
On
Saturday , " Weekends With Maury and Connie , " a cheesy talk show ,
made its debut on MSNBC .
The program almost makes Fox 's
" Geraldo at Large " look dignified .
)
Vargas , who had been alternating with Woodruff since their appointment was
announced in December , looked poised and crisply comfortable in the
role , though she anchored the news standing in front of
a transparent desk that made her look a little like
Snow White , freshly risen from her glass casket .
If Woodruff minded looking like a second fiddle in his first
week on the job , he did n't show it .
He did n't
even wince when Vargas referred to him as "my co-anchor , "
which , while accurate , sounded slightly highhanded -- a little like
a local television reporter who refers on the air to
"my cameraman . "
Change on any network newscast can be unsettling and over-scrutinized .
But
so far , ABC 's bold decision does n't seem earthshaking .
Anchors have
lost what the CBS chairman Leslie Moonves once referred to
as voice-of-God status .
Both Woodruff and Vargas are fine in
the job : good-looking , highly polished and competent .
It 's hard to
see how they will broaden the demographics of " World News
Tonight " ; neither can be considered a youth magnet .
But they
are not likely to offend the program 's older viewers .
It 's probably safe now to pull down what Clark Gable referred
to in " It Happened One Night " as the Wall of
Jericho and let the co-anchors work in the same room
together .
Sparks are unlikely to fly .
