In December 2004 , shortly before Thomas M. Coughlin retired from his
job as the second-highest ranking executive at Wal-Mart Stores , he
instructed a subordinate to order him a $ 1,700 laptop computer ,
which he later charged to the retailer .
" This , " he wrote the aid in an e-mail message later disclosed
by the company , "is to be used on the union
project . "
The union project , according to Coughlin , was a secret scheme , approved
by senior Wal-Mart executives , to pay union members for information
about which stores they planned to organize .
A year later , when Coughlin was accused of misusing more than
$ 500,000 in company funds through fraudulent reimbursements , the union project
became the heart of his defense and it immediately transformed
the case into a symbol of Wal-Mart 's rabid anti-unionism .
Reporters
seized on it , labor groups issued a flurry of angry
news releases about it and the National Labor Relations Board
began an investigation into it .
But Coughlin 's agreement to plead guilty to federal wire fraud and
tax evasion charges , which two people close to the negotiations
disclosed on Friday , and the lack of evidence that he
used the missing money to spy on unions of the
scheme raise doubts as to whether such a project even
existed .
A nearly yearlong investigation , in which prosecutors reviewed records of Coughlin 's
travel , phone calls and e-mail messages , produced no evidence that
he or any other executive at Wal-Mart ever paid a
union member for information , according to people briefed on the
inquiry who spoke on the condition of anonymity because he
is not scheduled to officially enter the plea until later
this month .
Without evidence of the scheme , the Coughlin case follows a far
more familiar track -- a highflying executive , paid millions of
dollars a year , who routinely stole from his company .
Wal-Mart , in a separate legal complaint with a former Coughlin subordinate ,
called the union project a " complete fabrication . "
But what made
Coughlin 's defense so powerful -- and , in a way , so
convenient -- was that it seemed so plausible to longtime
observers of the company .
Such a scheme "certainly would not be out of character , " said
Harley Shaiken , a professor on labor issues at the University
of California at Berkeley who has studied Wal-Mart for years .
" Given Wal-Mart 's antipathy for unions and its aggressiveness in fighting
them , what Coughlin fabricated appeared to be real . "
People briefed on the matter said Coughlin may still advance the
union project defense before a judge later this month in
Fort Smith , Ark. , not far from the company 's headquarters in
Bentonville .
It is unclear why he would pursue such a
defense , since his lawyers presented no firm evidence to support
it and prosecutors found no evidence to back it up ,
according to people involved in the case .
If the plea deal holds , Coughlin may serve more than two
years in jail and pay restitution of at least $ 350,000 ,
according to people briefed on the matter .
