I have it on good authority that we 're becoming dumber and
dumberer .
Nope , I have n't conducted any scientific studies , and I 'm not about
to .
I 'm just going by the people who are hired by major
companies to deal with their customers .
Sure , some sales clerks
and customer service reps are brilliant .
But the standard is
slipping at an alarming rate .
Ladies and gentlemen , witness the Paris Hiltonization of American pop culture .
There should n't be any shame in not knowing something --
hence the importance of Google and surrounding oneself with wicked
smart people ( they know things ) .
But we seem to be
shifting toward a willful ignorance , a state in which it 's
cool to say that you do n't watch the news or
read the paper or follow politics .
( Notice I said cool ,
not hip .
Hip people pretend they 're too good to even
know who any of these celebrities are . )
It 's all about fast , pointless celebrity , with icons who say things
so alarmingly stupid it 's hard to believe their gene pools
have survived quite this long : Paris thinks working is for
poor people ; Jessica Simpson was certain buffalo wings come from
winged buffaloes and Lindsay Lohan sweetly declared that she 'd like
to set up orphanages in Japan ( a country with one
of the lowest birthrates in the world probably does n't need
it , Li-Lo ) .
People working in the retail or customer service industries seem to
reflect this trend in a big way ( being the people
we interact with the most outside our immediate circles ) .
They
seem to be less and less inclined to be able
to tell the difference between you-know-what and shinola .
For example , looking for Jeffrey Frank 's " The Columnist " in two major
bookstores in town , I had to spell " columnist " for staffers .
One was spelling it " culomist " and kept telling me that
the title was n't showing up in the store 's database .
In
retrospect , the girl must have been unclear about the subject
of the book -- culo ( which rhymes with J-Lo ) is
Spanish slang for , well , the butt , as chanted by rappers
Pitbull and Lil ' Jon 's 2004 summer gem , " Culo . "
In the other store , I actually had to define the meaning
of columnist for the confused staffer ( perhaps she would have
had less trouble with a book titled " The Blogger " ) .
I almost wept .
Is n't this supposed to be the most literate
city in the country ?
What the hell are we reading ?
Is there anything that can counter the damage of watching
too many hours of " Laguna Beach ? "
When looking for a gift for a friend in India , I
asked the clerk at a major skin/hair care store if
the company had shops in New Delhi and Bombay .
I
may as well have been asking her if they had
a branch on the moons of Jupiter because she had
no idea where those cities are .
I could tell she
was thinking that they might be somewhere near Nebraska .
" Um , they 're in India , " I added hoping she could at least
bust out a list of their overseas stores .
" I do n't know .
Maybe you could check on the Internet ? "
she
offered , her mouth hanging open at the end of that
question/statement/whatever .
If she had a lazy eye and some sort
of small dog or kinkajou under one arm , she could
have passed for Paris in a pinch .
Oh , well , what can you do ?
I was filled with dread when I saw a new federal
charge on my cell phone bill .
It was n't much and
I knew talking to my carrier about it would be
frustrating .
Yet , I went ahead and called my cell phone
company .
Here , I should add that they have the friendliest ,
most polite people manning those phones .
Sadly , they ca n't seem
to tell the difference between a state tax and a
federal tax .
The fella on the other end of the
line kept trying to tell me that Washington state 's sales
tax had increased .
" Believe me , it has n't .
Plus the bill
says this is a federal tax , so "
First he said something I swear sounded like , " Federline ? " as in ,
Britney Spears HusBoy , Kevin .
But he continued .
" You need to call Washington to find out , " offered the rep.
For a moment I thought he meant D.C. , but no ,
he meant state .
To him federal ( or Federline ) was just
another word for state , kind of like book learnin' was
another term for waste of time .
" Call the state office and they 'll tell you what it is . "
" But it 's federal .
Ugh .
Nevermind . "
Another clerk at a clothing store tried to convince me that
they did n't skin the rabbits for the fur on the
jacket she was trying to sell me .
" We just shave them , " she said .
Wow .
Wonder how she thought they 'd turn a bag of shaved
rabbit hair into that tidy little trim on a jacket ?
I almost said , " And do you keep them at a
spa and feed them an organic diet so that their
hairs grow back nice and shiny before you shave them
again ? "
Instead , I shook my head as she repeated the
idiotic claim that she clearly believed , despite being able to
feel the rabbit 's skin beneath the fur .
" I really do n't care .
I 'm not buying that jacket . "
" OK , but we shave the rabbits and "
I stared at her head momentarily for signs of major blunt-force
trauma ( a dent , a bump , anything , really ) , and walked away
with the conclusion that unless this stupidity stops being in
vogue , we 're doomed .
