Most mines have just a few telephones attached to cables
-- identical to systems in use for decades .
In disasters ,
a crew may be trapped far from a phone .
A few mines have antennas that allow radio communication by any
miner from any place in a mine .
Every miner at
the Willow Creek mine in Price , Utah , escaped a major
fire in November 1998 in part because many crew members
had hand-held radios and were alerted almost immediately , Oppegard said .
Suzy Bohnert , a spokeswoman for the federal mine safety agency , said
the agency had not mandated the new communications systems because
they did not work well in all mines .
Even when safer techniques become widely available , federal regulators rarely ban
older , less-safe production techniques .
Like Sago , most mines use machines
to claw coal from mountains , a far safer method than
the old system that relied on explosives .
Using explosives in
small , narrow spaces creates obvious safety problems , but the technique
is still allowed .
In Kentucky alone , one in five mines
are still " shooting " with explosives , according to state records .
Federal inspectors almost never close a mine even when they find
repeated instances of life-threatening safety problems .
The Sago Mine had 202 safety violations last year , a number
that included 16 blatant violations that were considered immediate hazards
to miners ' safety .
Like Sago , six other underground mines in
West Virginia have 100 to 150 employees , according to federal
records .
Not one of the six had a similar blatant
violation last year , according to federal mine records .
Sago has
had 14 major roof falls since June .
Its injury rate
last year was three times the national average .
Monday , Gov. Joe Manchin III of West Virginia named J.
Davitt
McAteer , who oversaw the mine safety agency in the Clinton
administration , to oversee the work of state and federal investigators
and issue a report on last week 's disaster by July
1 .
" We will pursue every lead , " McAteer said .
" We will take every
step necessary to find the problems and to fix those
problems . "
(STORY CAN END HERE.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS. )
Wilbur L. Ross Jr. , whose investment firm took over the Sago
Mine in November , vehemently denied in an interview last week
that his company had compromised worker safety .
Indeed , company officials
said that safety had improved since Ross ' firm took over .
But Sago has had three major cave-ins since the takeover , including
one on Nov. 27 that dropped a rock 70 feet
long , 20 feet wide and 18 feet high , roughly the
size of a blue whale .
" I think this mine should have been closed , " said Jack Spadaro ,
who retired 2004 as the director of the National Mine
Health and Safety Academy in Beckley , W.Va .
Even when inspectors find violations and the mine agency levies fines ,
the citations are often ignored , although this does not appear
to be the case with Sago .
Bohnert , of the federal mine safety agency , did not answer a
question via e-mail about why the agency fails to collect
fines .
