It has been one of the most bizarre literary mysteries in
recent memory : Who , exactly , is the novelist JT Leroy ?
An
answer , at long last , is taking shape .
Leroy 's tale was harrowing in its details and uplifting in its
arc .
He was a young truck-stop prostitute who had escaped
rural West Virginia for the dismal life of a homeless
San Francisco drug addict .
Rescued as a young teenager by
a couple named Laura Albert and Geoffrey Knoop and treated
by a psychologist , he was able to turn his terrible
youth into a thriving career as a writer .
JT Leroy
has published three critically acclaimed works of fiction noted for
their stark portrayal of child prostitution and drug use .
Along the way Leroy gained the friendship and trust of celebrities
and noted writers , who supported his career financially and offered
him emotional support when he declared that he was infected
with HIV.
Sales were good , and his books were published
around the world .
Shy and reclusive , Leroy , now 25 , appeared
in public often disguised beneath a wig and sunglasses .
But the young man in the wig and sunglasses , it turns
out , is not a man at all .
The public role
of JT Leroy is played by Savannah Knoop , Geoffrey Knoop 's
half sister , who is in her mid-20s .
A photograph of Savannah Knoop at a 2003 opening for a
clothing store in San Francisco was discovered online .
Five intimates
of Leroy 's , including his literary agent , his business manager and
the producer of a forthcoming movie based on one of
his books , were shown the photograph and identified Knoop as
the person they have known as JT Leroy .
" That 's JT Leroy , " said Ira Silverberg , Leroy 's literary agent , upon seeing
the photograph .
Silverberg said he had met Leroy a number
of times in person .
Reached by telephone , Savannah Knoop said , " I do n't need this in
my life right now , " before hanging up .
And there is a mounting circumstantial case that Laura Albert is
the person who writes as JT Leroy .
Pressure to admit
the ruse has been building on Albert since October , when
New York magazine published an article that advanced a theory
that she was the author of JT Leroy 's books .
The New York article , written by Stephen Beachy , portrayed Albert , 40 ,
and Geoffrey Knoop , 39 , as unfulfilled rock musicians who concocted
the character of JT Leroy to gain access first to
literary circles and , later , to celebrities .
But perhaps those most affected by the revelation that Savannah Knoop
has been playing the public role of JT Leroy are
those who went out of their way to help someone
they thought was a troubled young man .
" To present yourself as a person who is dying of AIDS
in a culture which has lost so many writers and
voices of great meaning , to take advantage of that sympathy
and empathy , is the most unfortunate part of all of
this , " Silverberg said .
" A lot of people believed they were
supporting not only a good and innovative and adventurous voice ,
but that we were supporting a person . "
