'70s like " The Last House on the Left " and " The
Hills Have Eyes . "
The director , who 's remaking " The Hills Have Eyes , " says making " Red
Eye " felt like a B-movie "back in the day when
they were done quickly and had great people in the
casts .
... I think that 's the spirit in which it
was made , and that 's why it worked out so well . "
It did indeed , with the film being both a critical and
financial success .
The 66-year-old director is plunging back into more projects besides the
" Hills " remake , including an HBO film and a magic show
he 's developing for Las Vegas called " Wes Craven 's Magic Macabre . "
" I took the HBO film even though I was being offered
a very , very large $ 125 million film .
I really liked
the script for the HBO film , and I was n't sure
about the script for the big one ; so I just
passed and made a choice to do what was really
interesting . "
------------ " Red Eye " ( DreamWorks ; $ 29.99 )
'SARABAND , ' 'HUSTLE &amp; FLOW , ' 'TRANSPORTER 2'
Stark and unremittingly severe , " Saraband " -- legendary Swedish director Ingmar Bergman 's
follow-up to his 1973 " Scenes From a Marriage " and what
he has called his final film -- is a portrait
of sorrow .
Like " Scenes , " " Saraband " was originally made for television
and has a theatrical sense to it .
( Bergman has mostly
concentrated on theater for the last couple of decades . )
It
might be advisable to see " Marriage " first -- which tells
of the breakup of Johan and Marianne ( Liv Ullmann and
Erland Josephson ) , but " Saraband " stands on its own -- a
disturbing final journey into Bergman 's psychic twilight , the terrain of
which Ullmann and Josephson know well .
As a Memphis pimp named DJay with dreams of becoming a
rap star , Terrence Howard gives a performance in " Hustle &amp;
Flow " that finely captures the many sides of his complex
character .
Howard -- who has shown off his talents in
a number of films this year , including " Crash " -- is
the best thing about " Hustle , " for which he received a
Golden Globe nomination .
While the film has a lot of
bravado with its rap music soundtrack and gangsta dialogue ( it
was a Sundance Film Festival audience favorite ) , all of that
simply masks an old-fashioned tale of the underdog trying to
score big .
Scripts for films like " Transporter 2" are half as long as
most , with directions like "long car chase here , lots of
crashes , see stunt coordinator , " and "here hero takes on a
dozen or so bad guys armed with assorted tools , see
stunt coordinator . "
Luckily this film , starring Jason Statham as the
driver for hire , never slows down to let you ponder
its silliness ; so it becomes moderately entertaining .
It 's just too
bad Statham 's taciturn superhero Frank does n't have a better vehicle .
------------ " Saraband " ( Columbia ; $ 29.95 ) " Hustle &amp; Flow " ( Paramount ; $ 29.95 ) " Transporter
2" ( Fox ; $ 29.99 )
PECKINPAH WESTERNS , BLACK HISTORY MONTH , ' THE BAD SLEEP WELL '
Sam Peckinpah is probably best-remembered for " The Wild Bunch , " an end-of-the-era
Western , starring William Holden , Ernest Borgnine and Robert Ryan , that
