In the first such collaboration of its kind , the John F.
Kennedy Presidential Library is announcing Tuesday that it will host
a conference jointly sponsored by the National Archives and all
12 presidential libraries .
Among those set to participate in " Vietnam and the Presidency " March
10-11 are two former secretaries of state , Henry A. Kissinger
and Alexander M. Haig Jr. , Republican Senator Chuck Hagel of
Nebraska , TV journalist Dan Rather , and Pulitzer Prize-winning authors Frances
FitzGerald and David Halberstam .
Halberstam will deliver the conference 's keynote
address on March 10 .
President Jimmy Carter will make a video presentation , and NBC anchorman
Brian Williams will serve as moderator for the March 11
sections .
" I think what 's so special about this conference is the bipartisan
nature , the level of participation , the incredible list of people
we 've been able to get , " Deborah Leff , the library 's director ,
said in a telephone interview Monday .
The idea for the event , Leff said , came after a decision
by the Richard Nixon Library last March to cancel a
scheduled conference on Nixon and Vietnam that would have marked
the 30th anniversary of the end of the Vietnam War .
The library said the cancellation was the result of limited
public interest .
Several prominent scholars attributed the decision to the
library 's fear of criticism that might be directed at Nixon .
In libraries , as in politics , a Nixon loss once again meant
a Kennedy gain .
After the idea for a new conference was broached , it made
sense to expand the event , said Sharon Fawcett , assistant archivist
for presidential libraries , in a telephone interview Monday .
The magnitude
and duration of US involvement in Indochina made the idea
of all the libraries sponsoring a larger conference seem an
obvious choice .
" Issues are n't stratified within specific administrations , " Fawcett said .
" Something like Vietnam
or the Middle East or civil rights extended over many
administrations . "
Other conference participants include Theodore Sorensen , special assistant to President Kennedy ;
Jack Valenti , special assistant to President Lyndon B. Johnson ; New
York Times columnist Bob Herbert ; Pete Peterson , first US ambassador
to Vietnam ; and historian Michael Beschloss .
The conference sought to
cast an even wider net , Leff said .
A number of
high-profile participants , such as former secretary of defense Melvin Laird
and former national security adviser Brent Scowcroft , wanted to attend
but were prevented from doing so by scheduling conflicts .
" This has been pretty complicated to put together , " Leff said with
a laugh .
" In my prior life I was senior producer
at 'Nightline , ' so I 'm used to putting together some pretty
impressive lineups - but nothing like this . "
All events will be free and open to the public , though
reservations are required .
Schedule and ticket information is available at
the library 's website , jfklibrary .org .
Mark Feeney can be reached at mfeeneyglobe .com .
