Cox News Service ATLANTA -- Let 's face it : Keeping resolutions is
no easy feat .
An overwhelming majority of Americans forget those
promises before January even draws to a close .
But not
so this year .
We found a few tools that will
help you tackle some of the most popular resolutions .
RESOLUTION :
START EXERCISING
Eye Toy : Kinetic , $ 49.99 from www.amazon.com
This inexpensive device acts as a personal trainer for PlayStation 2
owners -- designing an exercise regimen specifically tailored to individual
needs .
The software comes with a camera that attaches to
your PlayStation , monitoring your progress .
Workouts include cardio , toning , yoga
and strength exercises .
RESOLUTION : GET ORGANIZED
PalmOne LifeDrive Mobile Manager , $ 499.95 from www.franklincovey .com .
Take the time to learn about all of its bells and
whistles , and just about anything you need organizing can be
handled with the LifeDrive .
This hand-held device seamlessly integrates with
Microsoft Outlook .
It also has a 4 GB hard drive ,
built-in Bluetooth support and native MS Office document integration , among
other features .
The cost alone should be enough of an
incentive to put the LifeDrive to good use .
RESOLUTION : FOLLOW THE MONEY
Quicken 2006 software ( Basic to Premier Home &amp; Business ) , available for
$ 29.99-$ 79.99 at quicken .intuit.com .
While this software wo n't pay your bills , it does help monitor
every cent of your hard-earned money .
Most banks offer monthly
statements that are downloadable as Quicken files , and the interface
is pretty easy to learn .
It also has built-in tutorials
to get you started , along with tons of forums and
Web sites that show you how to tap into the
power and versatility of this award-winning package .
RESOLUTION : SPEND MORE TIME WITH FAMILY AND FRIENDS
Verizon VoiceWing , plans start at $ 19.99 a month at www.verizon.com
If you have a broadband or DSL Internet connection , this Verizon
service can help you talk to loved ones near and
far without paying long-distance prices .
The service uses Voice Over
Internet Protocol , so all you need is a mobile phone ,
a home networking router with an available ethernet port , a
phone adaptor and the Verizon software .
Then , grab your phone
list and start catching up .
( Note : There 's a $ 39.95 setup
fee . )
Mark Ross writes for the Atlanta Journal-Constitution .
