Cox News Service WEST PALM BEACH , Fla . -- These are the
characters we so often overlook : the inbred hillbillies , the pompous
twit TV reporters , the smarmy , slightly greasy bad neighbors ( always
with 5 o'clock shadows ) .
they serve our hero a beer , giving him a bit of
sage advice -- or perhaps , in an unpredictable twist , try
to have him whacked .
They 're the hard-eyed social workers who
want to take away our hero 's children .
They 're the glowering
bosses with the screw-you glares , or slab-faced judges who bring
down their gavels with indifference , sending our star to jail .
Yes , these are the actors and actresses whose names never
appear on movie posters .
And when the end credits roll , their titles are less than
enviable -- " Mr.
Toothache , " " Nipples " or " Man Dying in Elevator "
-- and their roles seemingly unimportant .
But without these unsung thespians with the next-cubicle-over looks , who would
populate our movies ?
Only the perfectly proportioned ?
The pore-free ?
The
assiduous vitamin-takers sipping Evian between takes ?
See , it 's the character
actors we relate to .
We spot them over and over
again .
And then we forget about them .
When they reappear ,
we know we 've seem them -- we know it !
but
we 're not . ?. ? . quite . ?. ? . sure . ?. ? . where .
No longer , though .
A new book titled " Hey !
It 's That Guy ! "
( Quirk Books ; $ 14.95 ) serves as a field guide for the
less than glamorous .
For Tara Ariano , who co-wrote the book with Adam Sternbergh , character
actors are what movies are all about .
They 're more real ,
more pure , than the manicured megastars with perky . ?. ? . poodles .
" They 're not striving to get more fame , " she says .
" They 're not
the type of people to show up for a Smirnoff
party just to get photographed for Maxim .
These are people
that are just trying to work and do a good
job . "
And often , they have more creative license in their roles than
the carefully crafted parts produced for stars .
When the scripts
are handed out , the protagonist 's weaknesses , his wants , his habits
and his innermost desires are on the page .
For the
character actor , there 's only a name ( if that ) , a brief
description and a quip or two .
You become a detective , says character actor Stephen Tobolowsky ( who has
been in nearly 100 movies , including roles as an annoying
salesman in " Groundhog Day " and as " Sammy Jankis " in " Memento" )
in the book 's foreword .
" You have to do much more work off the page to
make it come to life , " he says .
From mouth-breathing hicks to menacing man-boys , all manner of character actors
make it into the book .
There , they 've earned special titles
based on roles in which they excel .
Amy Aquino , who
played Dr. Toni Pavone in " Felicity , " is " That Crabby Head
of Obstetrics . "
Oliver Platt , of " Flatliners " and " The West Wing , "
is " That Bloviating Blowhard . "
And Adam Goldberg , from " Dazed and
Confused , " " Saving Private Ryan " and the TV show " Friends , " becomes
" That Jittery , Jewish , Gen-X Sidekick . "
Some are more well-known than others .
Take pony-tailed Danny Trejo , who
has appeared in more than 100 movies , thus earning a
two-page spread in the book .
He has one of those
rugged prison-worthy faces .
" Hey !
It 's That Guy ! " calls him " That
Frequently Incarcerated Bad-Ass , " and past credits include parts with titles
like " Hoodlum No. 2 , " " Razor Charlie " and " Johnny Six Toes . "
" People would always ask , ' Are you being stereotyped ? ' ? " Trejo says .
" I
was like , ' What are you talking about ?
They want a
tattooed Mexican in prison .
I was that . ' ? "
The actor spent most of the 1960s behind bars in California 's
San Quentin State Prison for armed robbery and drug offenses .
Trained to box by his uncle when he was 8 ,
he often fought -- and won -- in monthly prison
bouts .
Yes , I 'm real , he says he told people early in his
career .
You cross me , and you 'll see what I am .
His face is so recognizable -- with roles in " Con Air "
and " Once Upon a Time in Mexico " --that even his
children have taken to calling him " That Guy , " after frequent
comments from strangers .
" That 's been me ever since I got into this industry , " he
says .
He 's one of 10 actors and actresses in the book 's " Hall
of Fame . "
Others include Edie McClurg , " That Annoying , Busybody Secretary ! "
( "WKRP in Cincinnati , " " Ferris Bueller 's Day Off" ) ; the recently deceased
Vincent Schiavelli , " That Freaky-Looking Science Teacher ! " ( " Ghost , " " One Flew Over
the Cuckoo 's Nest " ) ; and the late J.T. Walsh , " That Blatantly
Evil Senator/ White House Advisor " ( " A Few Good Men , Good Morning , "
" Vietnam" ) .
" Hey !
It 's That Guy ! " grew out Ariano and Sternbergh 's Web site ,
fametracker.com , which has devoted itself to character actors since 1999 .
There are too many celebrities now , Ariano says , for any
normal person to be able to keep track of them .
The glut of stars makes it difficult for new talent
and character actors to gain public recognition .
That Promised Land
full of leading roles and magazine covers seems to sit
just over the hill , for some .
Those who make it are called "graduates , " and several get spots
in the book .
There 's James Gandolfini ( " That Dyspeptic Mob Boss " )
of " The Sopranos , " Philip Seymour Hoffman ( " That Starving Artist Who
is Still Kind of Chubby " ) who recently starred in " Capote , "
and Steve Buscemi ( " That Squirrelly Motormouth" ) who went big with
" Fargo " and " Ghost World . "
It 's the lesser-known actors who do n't get the credit they deserve ,
says Ariano .
" If the book does anything to correct that , I will feel
our work on this planet is done . "
Fred Marion writes for the Palm Beach Post .
E-mail : fred--marion AT
pbpost.com
