After poring over Guidant 's confidential financial records for more than a
month , Boston Scientific said Sunday that it would make a
formal , binding bid worth $ 25 billion in cash and stock
for the company .
The offer is expected to set off a takeover battle between
Boston Scientific and Johnson &amp; Johnson , which had already agreed
to buy Guidant for $ 21.4 billion .
Johnson &amp; Johnson lowered
its earlier $ 25.4 billion offer because it said a raft
of safety problems had diminished Guidant 's value .
The board of Guidant , the nation 's second-largest maker of implantable defibrillators
and pacemakers after Medtronic , is expected to meet early this
week to evaluate the proposal .
If Guidant 's board deems Boston
Scientific 's bid to be superior , Johnson &amp; Johnson will have
five days to respond with a new , higher offer .
Investors and analysts have been waiting anxiously to see if Boston
Scientific would be comfortable enough to continue to pursue its
bid after reviewing Guidant 's internal financial and safety records , especially
after it was disclosed last month that the Food and
Drug Administration had new reports about patient deaths associated with
short circuits in Guidant 's heart devices .
In an interview Sunday , James R. Tobin , Boston Scientific 's chief executive ,
said he was satisfied with what he saw at Guidant .
" We did very thorough due diligence , " Tobin said .
" We put a
full-court press on this thing .
The Guidant folks were very
open to us .
Clearly they have some short-term challenges .
We 're
realistic about what we 're dealing with here . "
Tobin added that beyond studying Guidant 's own records , Boston Scientific also
talked to doctors and others involved in health care to
gauge the vitality of the business .
" There are clearly trust issues that have developed , " Tobin said .
" On
the other hand , Guidant 's technology is acknowledged to be right
up there .
And we think there 's an opportunity to regain
that trust . "
As part of Boston Scientific 's formal offer , the company said that
it had reached an agreement to sell two Guidant units ,
its vascular intervention and endovascular businesses , to Abbott Laboratories for
$ 3.8 billion to satisfy regulators if it reaches a merger
agreement with Guidant .
Boston Scientific also said that its offer
-- $ 36 a share in cash and the equivalent of
$ 36 a share in stock -- would include what is
known in the business as a collar , to protect investors
should Boston Scientific shares fall and to protect Boston Scientific
from paying too much if its own shares jump .
Under the terms of its offer , Boston Scientific said that if
the average closing price of its stock in a 20-day
period before the Guidant board 's approval of the deal is
less than $ 23.62 , Guidant shareholders will receive 1.5241 Boston Scientific
shares for each share of Guidant stock .
If the average
price is greater than $ 28.86 ,
Guidant shareholders will receive 1.2474
Boston Scientific shares for each share of Guidant stock .
Boston Scientific 's offer represents about a 12 percent premium over Johnson
&amp; Johnson 's offer , based on the closing price of Johnson
&amp; Johnson 's shares on Friday .
Boston Scientific said it estimated that if a deal was consummated ,
the combined company would have $ 10 billion in sales in
2007 .
It expects the combined company 's sales to grow at
a double-digit rate , achieving $ 16 billion in 2011 .
Boston Scientific 's side deal with Abbott is aimed at helping complete
the deal quickly , but it also has big implications for
Abbott and the industry .
The side deal is likely to be criticized by Medtronic .
The
company had unsuccessfully opposed Johnson &amp; Johnson 's plans in its
proposed merger with Guidant to license Abbott to use Guidant 's
delivery gear for stents , which are used to open blocked
blood vessels .
Medtronic had argued that it was better positioned
than Abbott to use the technology to provide added competition .
Medtronic is likely to make similar arguments to regulators that
Boston Scientific should be forced to give it access to
Guidant 's technology .
Abbott has been developing its own stent products .
Last year , it
became the second company after Guidant to gain regulatory clearance
to market stents to prop open the carotid arteries , which
are the main pathway for blood to the brain .
But
Abbott 's effort to compete in the multibillion-dollar market for drug-coated
coronary stents has lagged far behind those of Johnson &amp;
Johnson and Boston Scientific , the market leaders .
The acquisition of Guidant 's vascular business would represent the company 's first
major commitment to what had been a relatively cautious strategy
of diversifying into device implants , which is dominated by companies
like Medtronic , Johnson &amp; Johnson and Boston Scientific .
Abbott acquired
two startup vascular companies , Jomed and Integrated Vascular Systems , in
2003 .
