Six women who are senior bankers at Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein Services
have sued the investment bank , contending that they were denied
equal bonuses and promotions that went to men with less
experience .
The complaint , brought by three directors and three vice presidents --
all still working at the bank -- also cites instances
of lewd behavior toward the women , entertainment of clients at
a strip club and repeated examples of scaled-back opportunities for
women after they returned from maternity leave .
In one case , Katherine Smith , a director in equity sales trading
in London who has worked at the bank or at
its predecessors since 1996 , was referred to as the " Pamela
Anderson of sales/trading " by her supervisor , according to the lawsuit .
And while Smith has been among the group 's top producers
in terms of commissions generated for stock sales , she was
awarded progressively lower bonuses and denied a promotion to managing
director , the most senior ranking on Wall Street , "because she
is a woman and because she has a child , " the
suit contends .
One woman complained of a male managing director who routinely brought
prostitutes to the office during his lunch hour , according to
the lawsuit .
The lawsuit , which was filed Monday in U.S. District Court in
Manhattan , seeks class-action status on behalf of 500 women who
work at Dresdner Kleinwort , the American investment bank of Dresdner
Bank of Germany .
The lawsuit seeks $ 1.4 billion for economic
damages , emotional distress , harm to reputation and punitive damages .
An employee of Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein in London , who asked to
be identified only as a spokeswoman , disputed the claims and
said the bank would fight the suit .
" It is not our policy to comment on pending or threatened
litigation , " she said .
Dresdner Kleinwort "fully complies with all applicable
employment-related laws and is confident that any claims to the
contrary are without merit , " she said .
In recent years , sexual harassment cases have plagued Wall Street , which
has yet to shake its reputation as something of a
boys ' club .
Saleswomen and female traders , investment bankers and private
wealth managers at firms like Merrill Lynch , Morgan Stanley and
Salomon Smith Barney have sued , claiming discriminatory treatment , unequal pay
and promotion , and demeaning work conditions .
In July 2004 , Morgan Stanley agreed to pay $ 54 million to
settle a sex discrimination case covering as many as 340
women .
The settlement awarded Allison K. Schieffelin , a successful bond
saleswoman who brought the case , $ 12 million .
Merrill Lynch and
Smith Barney have paid more than $ 200 million combined to
women who worked in their brokerage operations .
Like many banks on Wall Street , Dresdner Kleinwort has a low
percentage of women in senior positions .
According to May 2005
data cited in the lawsuit , women account for less than
2 percent of managing directors in Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein 's worldwide
capital markets division .
Only 13 percent of directors , the next
level down , are women .
Of the 500 women in the
capital markets division , about 60 percent are associates , the second-lowest
rank , or below .
The six plaintiffs have been at Dresdner " for a total of
50 years , " said their lawyer , Douglas H. Wigdor of Thompson
Wigdor &amp; Gilly in New York .
One plaintiff , Jyoti Ruta , a director in structured finance who has
worked with the firm since 1994 , said : " I have heard
so many women at DrKW who tell me the things
that their male managers and colleagues have done to them .
It saddens me .
" They love their work , they are building their careers and they
believe in the firm , but they are treated in such
a way that they will never advance . "
According to the suit , Ruta was stripped of revenue-generating opportunities , left
out of critical client events and generally relegated to the
sidelines after she returned from maternity leave in 2003 .
She
is currently pregnant with her second child .
She said the
firm had retaliated against her for taking action against it
by issuing false performance reports and scrutinizing activities like lunch
breaks .
In addition to Dresdner Kleinwort , the lawsuit names 12 supervisors , one
of them a woman , as defendants .
