USC professor and co-director of the Center on Educational Governance
at University of Southern California .
" These (are ) rebels of the public system and they find that
through charter schools they not only get a lot more
respect and decision-making authority , but they look around and there
are people of like minds who are their colleagues . "
Charter educators say LAUSD 's top-down hierarchy leaves individual teacher performance at
the mercy of individual administrators .
One principal might be receptive
to a teacher 's creativity , while another might want to quash
it .
Kelly Jean Hanock , an English language arts teacher at James Monroe
High School who was named a California Teacher of the
Year in 2005 , said she 's still able to be creative
within the LAUSD system because of a "really forward-thinking principal . "
In Hanock 's case , the principal encouraged her to take the lead
in breaking up the 4,700-student school into smaller learning communities
of 500 students each .
" Within the small , we have a lot of freedom to do
different kinds of things because the principal encourages us to
take chances , " she said .
Despite its growing popularity , the charter movement faces criticism that there
could be greater social pressures and more limited extracurricular activities
at smaller schools .
Teachers union President A.J. Duffy said he believes LAUSD should cap
the number of charters allowed , and the state should limit
its funding to the charters , which he fears could "destroy "
public schools by draining the district 's general fund , which pays
for teacher salaries and benefits .
" The more money charters drain from the general fund , the less
money there is for things like salaries and benefits , which
attracts good teachers , " said Duffy , who heads United Teachers Los
Angeles .
He also accused charter schools of getting rid of disruptive students
-- an allegation that charter administrators deny -- and said
there is a problem with high teacher turnover .
" They take young , inexperienced teachers , expect them to work 10 hours
per day , and they willingly do it because they 're excited ,
but the problem is they 're gone within five years . "
But charter supporters say the schools attract more qualified teachers and
students are achieving at a quicker rate .
More than one-third
of full-time L.A. charter school teachers have advanced degrees or
doctorates .
Charter teachers insist it 's the freedom to veer from the standards
that make kids learn at a higher level .
Chapel teaches his seventh-graders about biochemical processes in the cell , protein
synthesis , atoms and elements -- eighth-grade standards -- because that 's
what the kids need to know .
" Charters say go for it .
Public schools would have said they 're
not part of the standards and I would have spent
more time arguing and reasoning with district officials than teaching , "
Chapel said .
Susan Cornell is another longtime LAUSD teacher who resigned from the
district -- and gave up her lifetime benefits -- to
teach third grade at Fenton Avenue Elementary , a charter that
opened in 1993 .
" I worked with wonderful , innovative teachers and principals at LAUSD , but
they did n't have the ability to be what Fenton is , "
