For $ 25 a pop , the officers and staff at Los Angeles '
( fictional ) Farmington Police Department can get in on the pool
to guess who is the father of Danny 's ( Catherine Dent )
baby .
So far , there 's as much money on Vic ( Michael
Chiklis ) as there is on Dutch ( Jay Karnes ) or the
sperm bank .
FX 's " The Shield " returns for its fifth season Tuesday .
The network 's
longest-running series seems to have mastered the art of casting
worthy opponents for the complex protagonist .
Glenn Close is gone , but Forest Whitaker is signed on for
the new season , a worthy adversary for Chiklis .
Whitaker plays
Lt .
Jon Kavanaugh , an officer digging into Vic Mackey 's shady
past in a long-threatened internal investigation .
Whitaker invests his tough ,
driven character with a smiling , easygoing manner antithetical to Mackey 's .
He has a way of genially offering a piece of chewing
gum , forcefully and repeatedly , as a way to test whether
a subject will cave under pressure .
Most people politely decline
at first , then eventually acquiesce .
Elsewhere in the barn , as they say , CCH Pounder 's character , Detective
Claudette Wyms , keeps missing work , sneaking off to appointments and
taking prescription drugs while denying to her partner , Dutch , that
anything 's wrong .
And captain-turned-councilman Aceveda ( Benito Martinez ) is hanging around ,
hoping to further his mayoral aspirations by revealing Mackey 's history
of corruption .
That 's just the quiet side of " The Shield , " the softer moments
between the brutal raids , drug busts , assaults and interrogations that
are this tough cable drama 's signature .
Even when depicting the gang relaxing at the station house , telling
jokes or making bets , the mood is grittier and more
savage than that of the usual TV police corps .
The
interoffice byplay is a reminder that the drama 's most endearing
attribute is its characters .
Yes , creator Shawn Ryan loves to slip in the provocative , dispiriting
shots of massacred dogs , a youth sex ring and the
pulverizing beatings at the hands of the rogue Strike Team .
But the screaming theme music and inevitable violence are merely
window-dressing for an artfully constructed drama populated by credible characters .
A brief recap at the start brings new viewers up to
speed : A few years ago , Terry , a new member of
Vic 's renegade team , was killed in the line of duty .
The only witnesses were Vic and Shane ( Walton Goggins ) , who
claim Terry was shot by a drug dealer .
Viewers know -- and the replay reminds us -- that Vic
did the shooting himself , coldly and remorselessly .
Aceveda has been
unable to prove Vic is a crooked cop but he
is convinced of it .
He has the hope that this
may be his chance to put Vic away for good .
Aceveda suggests Kavanaugh begin by investigating Vic 's buddy " Lem " Lemansky
( Kenny Johnson ) to get at the truth .
Because the authorities discovered stolen heroin in his car , " Lemonhead " is
an easy target for the internal affairs division .
He is
about to be forced to wear a wire to spy
on Vic and the guys .
His loyalties are in question ,
his future is on the line .
Judging by a preview of the first few episodes of the
season , the series is in great shape even without the
superstar presence of Close as Capt .
Rawling .
---
Monday night , PBS 's " Frontline " unveils " Country Boys , " a long , slow portrait
of the lives of two young residents of Appalachia .
David
Sutherland , who proved himself the premier chronicler of rural American
life in " The Farmer 's Wife , " returns to the subject with
a film spread over three nights , set in the hills
of eastern Kentucky .
By the time you 've listened to Cody Perkins and Chris Johnson
for an hour or so , you 're used to their twang .
By the end of the first few hours , you care
about whether they can overcome their variously horrific and dysfunctional
beginnings .
The story is as much about poverty and hard
luck as about how an individual can shape a future .
Sutherland 's focus on life in what is n't even familiar "fly-over country "
is eye-opening .
( Contact Denver Post TV critic Joanne Ostrow at jostrowdenverpost.com . )
