The confirmation hearings for Judge Samuel A. Alito Jr.
were opened Monday in a storm of Democratic challenges and
skepticism , signaling that these sessions will be decidedly more partisan
than the ones that led to the overwhelming approval of
John G. Roberts Jr. as chief justice just three months
ago .
As Alito sat still and unsmiling , Democratic members of the Senate
Judiciary Committee expressed strong concerns about his views on some
of the most contentious legal issues of the day : the
scope of presidential power in national security cases , the power
of Congress to write laws affecting the states , the validity
of the 1973 ruling establishing the right to an abortion ,
and the one-person-one-vote doctrine .
Some Democratic senators challenged his integrity and pledged to question him
vigorously in his bid to fill the Supreme Court seat
being vacated by Justice Sandra Day O'Connor .
" He has supported a level of overreaching presidential power that , frankly ,
most Americans find disturbing and even frightening , " Sen. Edward M.
Kennedy , D-Mass. , said in an opening speech that at times
was reminiscent of the lacerating remarks with which he greeted
Judge Robert H. Bork before that Supreme Court nomination failed
in 1987 .
Sen.
Charles E. Grassley , R-Iowa , took the microphone after Kennedy and
grinned .
" I have a much more positive view of Judge
Alito , " Grassley said drolly .
The different tone on display on Capitol Hill on Monday --
and what it suggests for the hearings that are expected
to dominate Washington this week -- stood as evidence to
just how much the political atmosphere has changed since the
Judiciary Committee approved Roberts ' nomination , 13-5 .
President Bush has lost some political power , and he had to
withdraw his previous nominee for this vacancy , Harriet E. Miers ,
the White House counsel , in the face of widespread criticism
from his party 's conservative wing .
Congressional Republicans are grappling with ideological divisions and a power struggle
in the House after the resignation of Rep. Tom DeLay
of Texas as majority leader .
And they are increasingly worried
about the coming midterm elections : Two Republican senators on the
Judiciary Committee , Mike DeWine of Ohio and Jon Kyl of
Arizona , face potentially stiff challenges in November , as Democrats make
a bid to regain control of the Senate .
Perhaps more significant , Alito would replace O'Connor as the swing vote
on issues like abortion and federalism , and several Democratic senators
cast the stakes of this confirmation procedure in sweeping historic
terms .
And unlike Roberts as a nominee , Alito has produced
a trove of writing -- legal briefs while he was
with the Reagan Justice Department , court decisions and speeches --
that Democrats have seized on to suggest that he is
"quite extreme , " as Sen. Charles E. Schumer , D-N.Y. , said .
Republicans and some Democrats expressed little doubt that Alito would survive
even a withering interrogation and be confirmed .
But they acknowledged
that he+ was not as personable a nominee as Roberts ,
and that his writing would provide Democrats with grist for
two days of grueling questioning .
It probably did not help the White House that this hearing
began as the administration defended a program of domestic surveillance
that has been challenged as illegal by many Democrats and
some Republicans .
There was far more talk by Democrats about
presidential overreach than about abortion rights .
Throughout the day , from Bush at the White House to senators
on Capitol Hill , Republicans tried to confine the scope of
the hearing , as they did with considerable success for Roberts .
They argued that the only proper terrain for the questioning
was a discussion of Alito 's judicial temperament , qualification and experience ,
and that Democrats should not expect him to offer his
views on cases that might come before him .
Alito , in his brisk 11-minute opening statement , steered clear of any
of the questions that have shadowed his record since his
nomination , instead offering an at times emotional recounting of his
biography .
But it was clear by the end of the day that
this would not be enough , and that Alito 's skill at
finessing difficult questions would be put to the test .
If
Democrats in the Roberts hearings seemed muted by the argument
that pending cases were off limits , that reserve seemed gone
in this new era .
To a large extent that is because Alito has a written
record that invites questions , as several said , but also because
Miers was forced to withdraw her name after conservatives pressed
her to lay out her views on abortion rights .
" I remind my colleagues , many of whom were on this committee ,
they sure wanted to know what Harriet Miers thought , " said
Sen.
Joseph R. Biden Jr. , D-Del .
" They were ready to
administer a blood test . "
Even in the course of Monday 's swift-paced hearings , Democrats were ticking
off at a dizzying pace issues they intended to press ,
suggesting that they expected to have a much easier time
pinning down Alito than they did Roberts .
Among the issues
that came up were Alito 's view on Bush 's authority to
create a clandestine surveillance program ; his writing in a job
application to the Justice Department in 1985 that he did
believe there was not a Constitutional right to abortion , notwithstanding
the Supreme Court decision to the contrary ; and his opinion
that the Constitution did not give Congress blanket authority to
pass a law banning machine guns .
Even the fact that Alito is a white male , after Bush
came under pressure to appoint a woman , appeared likely to
become a complicating factor in the questioning .
" I know that 's
not your fault , but I think it means we have
to take a closer look at your stands on issues
that are of importance to women , " Biden said .
As Sen. Russell D. Feingold , D-Wis. , in his own welcome to
Alito , put it : " You will obviously face tough questions here ,
Judge . "
