do so this year and next .
" There 's a little bit of a herd mentality , " said Syl Schieber ,
director of research for Watson Wyatt Worldwide , a large consulting
firm that surveyed the nation 's 1,000 largest companies and reported
a sharp increase in the number of pension freezes in
2004 and 2005 .
The thinking grows out of boardroom relationships ,
he said , where leaders of large companies meet , compare notes
and discuss whether a strategy tried at one company might
also work at another .
Another factor appears to be impatience with long-running efforts by Congress
to tighten the pension rules , Schieber said .
Congress has been
struggling for three years with the problem of how to
make sure companies measure their pension promises accurately -- a
key to making sure they set aside enough money to
make good .
But it is likely to be costly for
some companies to reserve enough money to meet the new
rules , and they -- and some unions -- have lobbied
hard to keep the existing rules intact , or even to
weaken them .
So far , consensus has eluded the lawmakers .
" If Congress will not do its job and clarify the regulatory
environment , then I think more and more companies will come
to the conclusion that , given everything else that they 've got
to face , this just is n't the way to go , " Schieber
said of the traditional pension route .
(STORY CAN END HERE.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS. )
Defined-benefit pensions proliferated after World War II and reached their peak
in the late 1970s , when about 62 percent of all
active workers were covered solely by such plans , according to
the Employee Benefit Research Institute , a Washington organization financed by
companies and unions .
( A few more had both a pension
and a defined-contribution retirement plan . )
A slow , steady erosion then
began , and by 1997 , only 13 percent of workers had
a pension plan as their sole retirement benefit .
The percentage
has held steady in the years since then .
The data
do not show how many of those pension plans were
frozen .
The growth of defined-contribution plans has mirrored the disappearance of pension
plans .
In 1979 , 16 percent of active workers had a
defined contribution plan and no pension , but by 2004 62
percent did .
For many workers , the movement away from traditional pensions is going
to be difficult .
Already there are signs that people are
retiring later , or taking on different jobs to support themselves
in old age .
Participation in a pension plan is involuntary ,
but most 401( k ) plans let employees decide whether to contribute
any money -- or none at all .
Research shows that
many people fail to put money into their retirement accounts ,
or invest it poorly once it is there .
Even skillful 401( k ) investors can be badly tripped up if the
markets tumble just at the time they are planning to
retire .
Schieber of Watson Wyatt ran scenarios of what would
happen to a hypothetical man who went to work at
25 , put 6 percent of his pay into a 401( k )
