FOXBOROUGH - As Asante Samuel raced down the field , a Byron
Leftwich interception in hand , Willie McGinest raised his arms triumphantly
toward the sky .
The wily veteran has played in enough
big games to know when a big punch has been
landed .
Last night , Samuel delivered such a blow to the Jacksonville Jaguars .
Samuel 's 73-yard interception return on the first play of the fourth
quarter put New England up , 28-3 , and effectively ended Jacksonville 's
season , at Gillette Stadium .
Samuel did n't have to see McGinest celebrating to know that he
had pulled the plug on Jacksonville 's postseason with one swift
play .
" I think it was kind of like a knockout blow , " said
Samuel of his interception return , the second longest in franchise
playoff history , trailing only an 87-yard effort by Rodney Harrison
in the 2004 AFC Championship game .
" It took the wind out of them . "
Trailing , 21-3 , Jacksonville faced fourth and 5 at the New England
32 .
Leftwich dropped back to pass , looking for wide receiver
Reggie Williams .
But instead , Samuel peeled off of his man
and jumped the route .
The dreadlocked defensive back then outran
Leftwich 73 yards down the sideline to pay dirt .
" It was a great play by ' Sante , " said safety Eugene Wilson .
" He read the quarterback great , set him up for it ,
picked it off , and took it to the house .
It
was a great play . "
Said Samuel , " Once I caught it and had it , I knew
I was going to the house .
I was n't going to
let the quarterback catch me .
If he would have caught
me , man , I would have never heard the end of
it , so I knew I had to win . "
Samuel won the footrace and , in the process , helped send the
Jaguars home losers .
He also brought a measure of redemption
to a maligned New England secondary , which had been criticized
for giving up big plays and not making enough of
them this season .
Wilson , the de facto leader of the defensive backs with Harrison
out for the season , said Samuel 's play highlighted a great
showing from the entire defensive backfield .
" We 've had our ups and downs this season , but as of
late we 've played real well , " said Wilson .
" Everybody was on
the right page today , doing the right thing , and it
paid off . "
Ironically , leading up to Samuel 's big play , head coach Bill Belichick
and his defensive coordinator , Eric Mangini , were not on the
same play regarding the defensive call .
Samuel said they were debating which coverage to go to .
The
third-year defensive back said that on his fateful play he
was playing man-trap coverage .
" I was reading the quarterback .
I saw a man break out
and I kind of baited him into it , " said Samuel .
" I read his eyes and his receivers .
It was a
go and an out [underneath ] and I just came off
my man and took it . "
After the game , Belichick gave credit to Mangini .
" That was a great call by Eric in that situation , " said
Belichick .
" Asante made a nice play on the ball and
caught it - for a change .
He 's dropped a lot
of them this year .
He made that play and outran
the quarterback .
" I thought it was a perfect call against that pattern and
it was a good job disguising it by Asante ; he
wheeled into the pattern late .
It was a nice play . "
Samuel , who had three interceptions during the regular season , said that ,
after a season that was at times a rough one
for the secondary , the playoffs are a fresh start .
" There 's always going to be critics , " said Samuel , in his third
year out of Central Florida .
" We have to block that
out and go play Patriots ball .
Play how we know
how to play .
" It 's playoff time , we 've got to take it to another level . "
Mike Reiss of the Globe staff contributed to this report .
