for $ 50 .
The magnetized antenna attached to my roof and
the receiver plugged into my car lighter and played over
an FM station .
I installed it myself , but Best Buy
does installations for $ 50 .
Both sets worked well .
Setup was no problem .
But the models
I tested were n't very flexible .
It would n't be easy to
take them with you wherever you want to go , which
is probably why both companies , but particularly XM , are gravitating
toward iPod-like devices that give users all the functionality of
an MP3 player combined with a satellite radio receiver offering
150 channels of programming .
Users had complained about poor satellite reception with portable hand-held devices ,
but XM said last week that Pioneer and Samsung were
coming out with a series of portable players with enough
memory to store up to 50 hours of XM programming .
The units are expected to cost $ 400 , plus the monthly
XM subscription .
Jupiter Research of Darien , Conn. , is forecasting that sales of satellite
radios will grow to 55 million units by 2010 from
fewer than 10 million today , with two-thirds of the growth
coming from portable devices .
When it comes to content , XM and Sirius are more similar
than they are different .
Sports is the chief exception .
Sirius
has the NFL , the NBA , the NHL , English soccer , horse
racing , and sports talk .
XM has Major League Baseball , NASCAR ,
and golf .
For many games , the networks offer both the home team 's and
the away team 's radio feed , and the coverage is the
same wherever you are in the country .
Both networks have about 60 channels of music , covering everything from
pop to rock , hip-hop to soul , country to classic , electronic
to religious .
Sirius offers more themed stations - Rolling Stones
Radio , Radio Margaritaville , Elvis Radio , and E Street Radio .
XM
is enlisting such artists as Bob Dylan , Tom Petty , and
Snoop Dogg to host shows .
Satellite weather and traffic is big-city focused , so less populated areas
of the country get no coverage .
XM is the better
bet for weather-conscious Bostonians , since its Boston weather and traffic
channel focuses exclusively on Boston .
Sirius alternates between Boston and
Philadelphia .
Both networks have the standard news channels ( CNN , Fox , C-Span Radio ,
ABC News &amp; Talk ) and a similar talk focus .
Sirius
has a channel aimed at women run by the ubiquitous
Martha Stewart .
For men , it has Maxim and the upcoming
Playboy channel .
XM features Take Five for women , featuring shows
with Ellen DeGeneres and Tyra Banks .
XM signed a deal with National Public Radio to carry such
shows as " Talk of the Nation " and " Fresh Air , " while
XM has built a morning show around former NPR host
Bob Edwards and has imported " On Point " and " Here and
Now " from WBUR-FM in Boston .
Corey Lewis , station manager at WBUR , said satellite offered WBUR the
opportunity to expand its reach to a new group of
listeners .
" We 'd rather be part of it than be afraid
of it , " he said .
But Al Stavitsky , associate dean of the School of Journalism and
