Judge Samuel Alito is a reactionary -- at least according to
feminists horrified by his notion that a woman can be
required to notify her husband before an abortion .
But Alito 's
critics in the Senate face two big obstacles this week
if they try to make that label stick .
The first is public opinion .
Most Americans tell pollsters that they
think a husband should be notified before an abortion , and
the Pennsylvania law that Alito approved was hardly a draconian
version of that principle .
It merely required a woman to
say , without presenting any proof , that she 'd told her husband .
If she said she feared physical abuse , she was exempted .
The second obstacle is the logic of feminism .
Spousal notification has
been denounced as retrograde by the same advocates who have
been demanding gender equality in the workplace and at home .
If men are expected to be parents with equal responsibilities ,
should n't they at least be allowed to discuss whether to
have a child ?
This is an easy question for those on the pro-life side
of the abortion debate .
They 'd like men to be not
only notified of pregnancies , but also given veto power over
abortions .
Being pro-choice , I do n't agree with that position , but I admire
the logic .
It 's a gender-neutral policy : If either parent thinks
it 's wrong to end the pregnancy , then the pregnancy must
proceed .
If the pro-choice side adopted a gender-neutral policy , then either the
man or the woman would have the right to say
no to parenthood .
I do n't know of anyone advocating that
a woman be required to have an abortion , but there 's
another right that could be given to a man who
impregnates a woman who is n't his wife .
If the woman
decided to go ahead and have the child , she would
have to notify him and give him the option early
in the pregnancy of absolving himself of any financial responsibility
for the child .
This option to have a "financial abortion " has been advocated by
a few iconoclasts -- not all of them men with
child-support payments .
The term was coined by Frances Goldscheider , a
professor of sociology at Brown University who studies family issues .
She compares the current campaign against "deadbeat dads " to the
punishments once given to "wayward women " for having illegitimate children .
" It used to be our daughters we worried about being forced
into inappropriate parenthood , but now it must be our sons , "
she said .
" Men should not be made to become fathers
against their will .
They should have the right Planned Parenthood
has claimed for women : ' Every child a wanted child . " '
Goldscheider , who 's a pro-choice Democrat , has found that her proposal provokes
a rare bipartisan consensus .
" Neither the left nor the right
like my egalitarian ideas , " she said .
" The right 's response is
that men should be macho and pay for playing --
unless they 've gotten burned themselves .
The left 's response is that
men should pay , period -- unless it 's their sons . "
There is , of course , one big physical inequality between the sexes
in this regard : It 's the woman who must either have
the abortion or go through the pregnancy .
But as Goldscheider
points out , women also have more power than men to
prevent the pregnancy because they have exclusive control over some
forms of contraception .
It 's not fair , she says , for a
woman who lies about being on the pill to be
able to trick a man into marrying her or making
child-support payments for 18 years .
If it were just a question of the woman 's rights versus
the man 's rights , I 'd go along with Goldscheider 's proposal .
But
if the man gets a financial abortion and the woman
goes ahead with the pregnancy , someone else 's rights still need
to be considered : The child would be suffering because of
the parents ' decisions .
Goldscheider 's solution to that problem is for the government to provide
financial support in place of the father .
But would this
new public subsidy encourage more single-parent homes ?
To avoid that
risk , I 'd rather stick with the current system , unfair as
it is , of making all men pay .
But there 's no reason that it could n't be a little fairer .
As Alito ruled , it 's not an undue burden for a
wife to notify her husband before an abortion .
And it 's
not unfair , as Goldscheider proposes , for a single woman expecting
child support to be required to tell the father as
soon as she decides to keep the baby .
If men
are going to pay to play , they should at least
know the score .
