And on the seventh day , online retailers rested .
At least some
of them .
Consumers have grown to expect around-the-clock pampering from Internet merchants , who
have been pushed by rivals to offer customer service even
on weekends and to remedy site problems immediately , no matter
when they happen .
But this trend is being bucked by some electronic retailers --
many with religiously observant owners and executives who leave their
sites up and running on their Sabbath , but do not
complete orders , work on the site or otherwise do anything
to help customers .
And despite an increasingly competitive environment and
ever-more demanding customers , they say their businesses have not suffered .
" I actually think we 've gained , " said Shmuel Gniwisch , chief executive of
Ice .com ,
a privately held online jeweler in Montreal .
" Customers know
if they need something they can wait until Sunday when
we 're open , and people at the company have the chance
to recharge and come back stronger . "
Gniwisch , who is also a nonpracticing rabbi , says that the company
shuts down completely for 25 hours starting Friday evening before
sunset , when the Jewish Sabbath begins .
During busy periods , customer
service representatives , warehouse workers and some technology employees go back
to work on Saturday evening when the Sabbath ends .
When visitors call customer service during Ice .com 's day off , they receive
a message saying that the company is closed and will
return their messages Sunday .
Ice .com also responds to e-mail messages
on Sunday .
The site has yet to encounter a major breakdown on Friday
evenings or Saturdays , but if it does , its technology systems
are set to display an error message on the home
page , asking customers to return later .
Should smaller technological hiccups
occur , the company " contacts any customers who were affected and
makes sure they 're happy , " Gniwisch said .
" My customer service managers are always telling me to find a
way to stay up on Saturday by outsourcing , " he added .
" But I think it 's more important when the people around
you see you practice what you preach .
It changes your
relationship with your employees . "
Shoppers can still browse the site and even order goods from
Friday to Saturday evening , but those orders are not processed
until Sunday , because Jewish law forbids such business activities on
the Sabbath .
Since the company has always followed this policy , it is difficult
to say whether it has hurt sales , but Ice .com 's revenues
do not appear to be suffering .
Gniwisch said that the
site 's sales jumped by 97 percent last year , after 73
percent growth in 2004 .
( He would not disclose actual revenues . )
Other companies have gone to similar lengths to observe the Jewish
Sabbath .
Abraham Steinberg , director of online marketing for Adorama Photo ,
which sells photographic supplies on the Web and in its
Manhattan store , said that the company sometimes sold goods through
eBay but had to be careful not to schedule auctions
to end on the Sabbath , because a transaction technically occurs
the moment bidding closes .
Jewish eBay sellers who observe the Sabbath and have eBay stores ,
Steinberg said , often use "vacation settings " that de-list products on
the Sabbath .
One uncharted area for Internet merchants who observe the Jewish Sabbath
is online marketing .
After all , Google and other shopping engines
post advertisements constantly , and they charge the sites each time
someone clicks on their ads .
Steinberg said that sites typically
pay for the ads in aggregate -- and not on
the Sabbath -- but that Jewish scholars had not yet
studied the matter thoroughly .
" We had one of the foremost rabbis come to our business
and sit here from 3 to 7 p.m. , going through
our entire sales cycle to determine what 's permissible and what
is n't , " Steinberg said .
" There is n't a 'one size fits all '
approach . "
Followers of other faiths confront similar issues with their online operations .
Douglas W. Phillips , president of the Vision Forum Inc. , ( www.VisionForum.com ) ,
a catalog and online retailer in San Antonio , is a
Christian who says he manages the company " by biblical principles . "
He forbids employees to work on Sunday and does not
allow the site 's technology systems to complete orders on Sunday .
" Granted , it 's fair to say that a large percentage of our
base is Christian-oriented customers , who do n't tend to complain you 're
not open on Sunday , " Phillips said , " but we probably do
lose some customers because of this . "
Still , Phillips said , the company 's sales increased 10 percent last year ,
to about $ 5.5 million .
" Especially in the fourth quarter , when
people are cramming to buy things at the last minute ,
this policy really seems crazy , " he said .
" But we think
that if we honor God on this point , the Lord
blesses us . "
At the same time , many investors behave differently , knowing that a
company may be losing customers to 24/7-minded competitors on the
weekends .
Gniwisch of Ice .com said he was considering venture capital
financing -- a move that could put his company on
the road toward a public share offering and possibly jeopardize
his work-free Sabbath policy .
" When you bring in venture investors the whole situation changes , " Gniwisch
said .
" Depending on the investors , they 'd probably allow us to
keep things the same .
But when you go public , you
become much more of a minority and things change . "
Gniwisch said that Jewish businesses can operate on the Sabbath if
they are also owned by non-Jewish partners , provided the owners
follow certain guidelines .
" As long as I own 100 percent
of the company , we 'll keep to the letter of the
law 100 percent , " he said .
" But as the company grows
and new partners join , we 'll look at the law again
and act based on it . "
