New crash test results show that four of every
five new sport utility vehicles and pickup trucks do not
adequately protect occupants from whiplash in low-speed rear-end collisions .
The study , which examined head restraints in nearly all SUVs and
pickups currently in production in the United States , found that
only six SUVs earned the highest possible safety rating .
No
pickup trucks received a rating higher than "acceptable " in the
study , which was released Sunday by the Insurance Institute for
Highway Safety .
" People see SUVs and they think of them as being much
safer than cars , " said Adrian Lund , president of the institute .
" Certainly with regard to head restraints , what our study is
showing is many of them do n't provide good protection from
whiplash , which you might expect . "
Some of the nation 's top-selling SUVs and pickups were among those
the institute rated the lowest .
The Chevrolet Trailblazer , Ford Explorer ,
Dodge Ram pickup and Chevrolet Silverado pickup were all given
the lowest possible rating .
Other models that performed poorly in
the study were some of the more expensive SUVs , including
the BMW X Series and both the Lexus RX330 and
GX470 .
The models that the study found best protected people from whiplash
were the Jeep Grand Cherokee , Ford Freestyle , Honda Pilot , Land
Rover LR3 , Volvo XC90 and Subaru Forester .
In conducting the study , the institute simulated a crash in which
a stationary SUV or pickup was rear-ended by a vehicle
of a similar size going 20 mph .
Using a test
dummy , the institute then measured the force of the impact
on passengers ' necks .
" In a crash like this , you want the seat and the
head restraint to move the body and head forward together
so the neck does n't have to do the work for
you , " Lund said .
The insurance institute conducted a similar study of cars last year
and found that most did not do a good job
of preventing whiplash .
That study examined 97 types of head
restraints in cars sold in the United States , and concluded
that three-fourths of the restraints provided either poor or marginal
protection .
Only eight restraints earned a rating of good .
Rear-end collisions are among the most common accidents .
The insurance institute
estimates that at least 2 million occur each year and
account for more than $ 8.5 billion in insurance claims .
" These kinds of crashes occur all the time .
We 're seeing a
lot of unnecessary injuries , so we 'd like to see these
vehicles do a better job of protecting necks , " Lund said .
