FOXBOROUGH - The back-to-back plays provide the perfect snapshot of Kevin
Faulk 's value to the Patriots ' offense .
Second series of the game , first play , Faulk catches a 12-yard
pass from quarterback Tom Brady .
Next play , Faulk darts through
the line and rushes for a 19-yard gain .
A catch .
A run .
The only thing missing was another underrated
part of Faulk 's repertoire - blitz pickup .
" Kevin is a playmaker ; he 's been a big playmaker ever since
I 've been here , " said coach Bill Belichick .
" Running the ball .
Catching the ball .
On a per-play basis , he 's probably one
of our most productive players . "
In last night 's playoff win over the Jaguars , Faulk finished with
a team-high 51 rushing yards on six carries ( 8.5 average )
and added four catches for 45 yards .
" There 's not one word to describe him , " said Patriots running back
Patrick Pass .
" Running , catching , he does it all .
That 's what makes him so
special to this team . "
Faulk , one of the smallest players on the team at 5
feet 8 inches , 202 pounds , said his mind-set had helped
him to be productive .
" It 's attitude , " he said .
" You strive to want to do good ,
strive to want to help your team .
" You want to be that guy that teammates know , when we 're
in a tight spot , they can count on you to
make a play . "
The Patriots did n't waste any time calling Faulk 's number , as he
started in place of Corey Dillon at running back .
It
was just Faulk 's third start this season in nine games ;
he missed eight games with a foot injury sustained Sept.
25 against the Steelers .
And while the Patriots ' offense sputtered in the first half , Faulk
sparkled , accounting for 78 of the team 's 137 yards .
Of
the team 's 28 offensive plays in the first half , Faulk
had the ball for seven , a sign of how integral
he was to the team 's plan .
Faulk 's leading role did n't surprise Jacksonville middle linebacker Mike Peterson , who
came to appreciate Faulk 's skills in college .
While Faulk was
playing at LSU from 1995-98 , finishing his career ranked fifth
in NCAA history with 6,833 all-purpose yards , Peterson saw him
once a year while suiting up for the University of
Florida .
" I know all about him and what he did out there
[last night ] did n't shock me , " said Peterson , who finished with
six tackles .
" He 's a slasher .
One minute , he 's right here , the next , he 's
moving .
It 's hard to get a kill shot on him .
He 's not a burner , I do n't know what he runs
in the 40s , but he 's lightning quick . "
Faulk has played in each of the Patriots ' last six games ,
returning to form after his injury .
He said his comeback
has been as much about mental preparation as the physical
part .
" You have to go out there and ca n't think about what
happened before ; you just have to play the game , " he
said .
" My mind-set is just trying to go do my job whenever
I get into the game .
A wise man once said ,
' You have to be ready for your opportunity . '
You ca n't
be pouting . "
Said Belichick : " Kevin is a tough kid .
He has great vision ,
runs hard , runs well , and has been a big factor
for us in the passing game .
He 's not in there
every play , but he 's productive on a lot of plays
when the ball is in his hands .
" Somebody 's got to watch out for him .
He 's a threat . "
