Cox News Service ATLANTA -- Bruce Sutter is playing it a
little differently this time .
informed people of his exact whereabouts today ( his home in Kennesaw ) .
A press conference has even been tentatively set for later
this afternoon .
" That 's never happened , " Sutter said .
" But it 's one of those deals ,
where , what do you do ?
Sit by the phone with
your bags packed ? "
Then he laughed out loud , a man who knows too well
what the phone sounds like when it does n't ring .
" I mean , they told me no 12 times . "
The Baseball Hall of Fame announces its 2006 inductees at 2
p.m. today and , though the voting pleasure of the Baseball
Writers Association of America can be a science unto its
own , Sutter has his best shot at admission .
Given a thin class of 14 first-year eligibles -- Will Clark
and Orel Hershiser among them -- and Sutter 's increasing support
in recent balloting , the best Braves pitcher Atlanta hardly got
to know is a leading candidate .
Which also means the
BBWAA might not let anybody in .
" The Hall of Fame is for the best of the best
and there 's what , 260 guys in ? " Sutter asked .
" Over a
hundred years of baseball ?
I mean , there are a lot
of guys who are n't in , who were right on the
bubble .
Who knows ?
Which team would you rather play on ?
The one that 's already in or the one that 's not ?
We 'd give 'em a game . "
After 2005 inductees Wade Boggs and Ryne Sandberg , Sutter finished third
last year , just 43 votes shy -- or with 67
percent compared to the required 75 percent of the vote .
Only one player ( Steve Garvey at 14 years ) has remained
on the current ballot longer but Sutter and , to a
slightly lesser degree Goose Gossage , have rekindled the debate this
winter over closers and how their job has changed .
Sutter , to be fair , was far more than just a closer .
He popularized the split-finger fastball in the mid-1970s , when the
pitch was still more of a curiosity than an every-day
offering .
The pitch led him to the 1979 Cy Young
Award , four Fireman of the Year awards and six All-Star
teams , all before he was 32 .
Before his career was curtailed by shoulder injuries sustained while with
the Braves ( 1985-88 ) , Sutter was possibly baseball 's toughest pitcher .
His
2.54
ERA over his nine seasons with the Chicago Cubs
and St . Louis was the lowest among all major league
pitchers with more than 750 innings .
" Sutter 's nine year were probably the top nine years in the
history of baseball , " Whitey Herzog , his Cardinals manager , once said .
" The relievers back in our time -- Gene Garber , Steve Bedrosian ,
Tug McGraw , Goose Gossage , Lee Smith -- we made it
a seven-inning game , " Sutter said .
" Things have changed .
There 's 12
pitchers on the team now .
There only used to be
10 .
A lot of times , we 'd break camp with nine .
You had to pick up more innings . "
When Sutter retired with a then-National League record 300 saves , over
half of them ( 188 ) required more than one inning of
work .
Sutter finished with 130 saves of two innings or
more .
Compare that to John Wetteland , on the ballot for
the first time this year , threw just 18 two-inning saves
among his 330 .
But as the role has been reduced to a one-inning trick ,
Sutter 's pioneering stats have been diminished .
The first NL pitcher
to reach 200 and then 300 saves , he retired with
the third-highest total in history .
Now Sutter ranks 19th , below
the likes of Troy Percival and Jose Mesa .
This all plays into the timeliness of this year 's vote , when
writers have been obligated to look beyond a less distinguished
list of first-timers and reconsider older candidates .
That will not
be the case next year , when first-year locks Cal Ripken
and Tony Gwynn become eligible .
" I 'm comfortable with myself , " Sutter said .
" I 'm not one of those
guys that , you know , you have to get in or
you do n't think you were a good player .
I mean ,
I made a lot of great friends , had a great
time playing .
If I have a regret , I got hurt
in Atlanta and I never could pitch here for these
people like I wanted to and like they expected me
to .
" But that 's just the breaks of the game . "
Thomas Stinson writes for the Atlanta Journal-Constitution . E-mail : tstinson AT ajc.com
