ATTACK AT HEAVILY SECURED MINISTRY KILLS AT LEAST 14 IN BAGHDAD
Richard A. Oppel Jr. reported from Baghdad for this article
and John O'Neil from New York .
BAGHDAD , Iraq -- The latest in a series of attacks in
the heart of Baghdad 's heavily fortified government zone continued Monday
as two suicide bombers disguised as high-ranking police officers blew
themselves up outside the Interior Ministry , killing at least 14
officers and wounding 25 .
The attack came during a parade to mark Police Day that
was attended by the Iraqi ministers of the interior and
defense and by the American ambassador , an official of the
Interior Ministry said .
Last week , a similar ceremony on a parade ground in the
government zone to mark the country 's Army Day was disrupted
by mortar fire .
No one was injured in the attack
on that ceremony , which was also attended by the American
ambassador , Zalmay Khalizad .
One of the bombers who carried out Monday 's attack was disguised
as a police major and the other as a lieutenant
colonel , according to an official at the Interior Ministry .
They
both were wearing explosive belts under their uniforms .
Reuters reported that both had high-level security passes that enabled them
to get through a checkpoint and into the heavily guarded
Interior Ministry compound .
Guards became suspicious of one of the men because of his
bulk and fired on him , detonating the explosive .
As officers
crowded around , the second bomber blew himself up , causing heavy
casualties , according to the news agency .
Reuters and several other
news agencies put the number of dead at 28 .
Later , a mortar shell was fired at the ceremony as it
proceeded on the nearby parade ground , but no injuries were
reported .
Al-Qaida in Mesopotamia claimed responsibility for the attack , according to news
agencies .
Also Monday , the American military confirmed that 12 people were killed
late on Saturday when an Army UH-60 Black Hawk helicopter
crashed in northern Iraq were all Americans .
The dead were four American civilians and eight military personnel , according
to the statement issued Monday morning .
Separately from the crash , the military reported on Sunday that five
Marines were killed in fighting with insurgents west of Baghdad
over the weekend .
Combined with the deaths of 11 American
servicemen on Thursday , the fatalities marked one of the deadliest
four-day stretches for the military since the fall of Baghdad .
Bad weather was thought to have played at least some role
in the crash , but the military had not ruled out
any possible cause or said whether hostile fire was involved .
