Although Texans owner Bob McNair is interviewing the usual suspects among
NFL assistants to replace coach Dom Capers , he 's also interested
in Iowa 's Kirk Ferentz , and according to sources close to
the negotiations , Ferentz has let it be known he 's interested .
McNair hopes to interview him next week but he 's leery ,
feeling Ferentz might back out as he has in the
past when his name came up for NFL openings .
McNair
is also bypassing the usual secrecy in the interest of
accuracy .
McNair decided to tell the local media about every
assistant he is interviewing , and make him available to the
media .
The reason he wo n't do it with college coaches ,
he said , is that he does n't want to put them
at a recruiting disadvantage if they do n't get the job .
No place for local hero
The Texans may be the one NFL team rooting for Texas
quarterback Vince Young to stay in school .
He grew up
not far from Reliant Stadium , and if he makes himself
eligible , there will be tremendous pressure on the Texans to
take him with the No. 1 draft choice , even though
they 've already settled on USC running back Reggie Bush .
They 've
also said they intend to extend the contract of young
quarterback David Carr , who should be half-punch-drunk after the number
of times he 's been sacked in his brief career .
Thus
there 's no room for Young in Houston , but it would
be a lot easier to pick Bush if Young opts
for another year at Texas .
All bets are off
Bengals quarterback Carson Palmer does n't look at the issue of respect
quite the same way as Tom Brady .
Today his division-winning
Bengals are underdogs at home against the Steelers , but Palmer
did n't seem preoccupied with it .
" You could say it 's a
lack of respect , or disrespect , but we 're not worried about
the line or who 's favored , " Palmer said .
" We 're worried about
beating Pittsburgh .
I do n't think any of that factors into
the game . "
Push came to shove in Cleveland
According to sources close to the situation in Cleveland , quick action
by coach Romeo Crennel and a huge public outcry saved
GM Phil Savage and cost marketing guy and club president
John Collins his job .
There was a power struggle between
the two , more of Collins 's making than Savage 's , and Savage
won out because Crennel went to owner Randy Lerner and
the public went wild .
When it became clear that the
relationship between Savage and Collins could not be salvaged , Lerner
backed his coach and listened to the people who buy
the merchandise and tickets .
One beef was that Savage was
on the road scouting college players so much he could n't
monitor Crennel and his staff .
Do n't you think Crennel can
handle that ?
If Savage made a mistake , it was in
not understanding how office politics can destroy you .
Whole is less than the parts
Here 's an odd stat .
The Browns finished last in scoring , yet
had a 1,000-yard rusher in Reuben Droughns ( 1,232 ) and a
1,000-yard receiver in Antonio Bryant ( 1,009 ) .
It was only the
third time since 1950 the Browns had such a tandem .
Men of Steel for hire
Steelers offensive coordinator Ken Whisenhunt and offensive line coach Russ Grimm
are on the list of candidates for the Green Bay
coaching job , and Grimm is also a candidate in Detroit
and Houston .
The Rams want to interview Whisenhunt , and the
Saints may have one or both on their list , but
no one can talk to them until tomorrow .
If the
Steelers beat Cincinnati , teams will have the entire week to
interview them but cannot talk to them after Jan . 14 ,
unless they lose .
He comes to praise Ricky
In Miami , the big question is what to do with Ricky
Williams , but do n't be surprised if the Dolphins do n't do
anything but give him the ball next year .
Although not
as big physically as he was earlier in his career ,
Williams showed excellent burst and pass-blocking skills while averaging 4.9
yards a carry in the season 's last seven games .
He
did a good job reinventing himself after walking away from
the team a year earlier .
" The guy has been nothing
but first class in every way , shape , and form in
terms of everything we 've asked him to do , everything he 's
said he 's going to do , and the way he 's gone
about everything that he has done , " said coach Nick Saban .
" He 's worked hard .
He 's never complained .
He 's set a great
example for others .
He 's very positive about his work and
this season .
He was a consummate team guy . "
The Dolphins
do n't have to make a roster move with Williams , as
he is slated to earn only the NFL-minimum salary of
$ 545,000 in 2006 .
Saban does have to decide whether it
will be Williams or Ronnie Brown leading his running attack
next year .
Tough time of it
For all the talk of how difficult the Patriots ' schedule was
this year , the Chargers ' was worse .
They traveled to the
Eastern time zone five times and played 11 games against
teams with winning records .
Next year , they will face nine
teams that finished 2005 with losing records , so maybe that 's
a reward for this year 's scheduling , which kept one of
the most dangerous teams in the league out of the
postseason .
Material from personal interviews , wire services , other beat writers , and league
and team sources was used in this report .
