Coyer said on the NFL 's website this summer .
" You look
at our turnover ratio last year ( minus-9 ) and we should
have won about five games . "
Whatever the reason , the results are in .
The Broncos went 13-3 ,
the second-best record in the conference , and were second in
turnover margin as well because Coyer and Slowik finally created
the kind of defense the Patriots admire - one that
is attacking everything .
That seems likely to be their approach again Saturday night , but
this time they will be facing a predatory defense as
well , one that has had far more success over the
long term than the Broncos in forcing the game-altering turnovers
Coyer and New England defensive coordinator Eric Mangini pine for .
Coyer has said all season that a somewhat better pass rush
has been part of the difference for the Broncos .
But
an increased push up front , coupled with Slowik 's drills and
Coyer 's constant harping on the need to do more than
make tackles , got the Broncos what they were seeking .
Last August , defensive back Nick Ferguson spoke about what they were
trying to accomplish when he told the Colorado Springs Gazette ,
" If we can get some of those extra turnovers in
some of these close games , we win the game , our
record is better , we get a home playoff game , all
that stuff changes . "
Four and a half months later , that 's exactly the scenario the
Broncos are facing , hosting the Patriots at Invesco Field at
Mile High Stadium after a bye week .
It is a
comfortable place for the Broncos , one where their fans are
raucous , the thin air works to their advantage , and Plummer
has gone 19-3 as a starter since arriving with his
own checkered turnover record in Arizona .
Plummer was once so erratic that even after two seasons of
improvement with the Broncos , his career statistics still showed him
throwing more interceptions ( 141 ) than touchdowns ( 132 ) .
That number finally
reversed itself this year , as he threw 18 touchdowns and
only seven interceptions .
That is a dropoff of nine touchdown
throws from a year ago but also of 13 interceptions
after an offseason in which Shanahan forced Plummer to watch
every one of his 2004 throws while harping on him
to take fewer chances with the football .
Shanahan 's offseason work with Plummer ( who now has thrown 59 touchdown
passes and only 34 interceptions during his three years in
Denver ) and Coyer 's heightened emphasis on forcing turnovers has produced
the desired results .
Saturday night comes the hard part .
That 's when they must find
a way to continue doing those things while much of
the football world awaits an inevitable Plummer meltdown , a return
to his error-prone self , against an opponent that has become
the most dominating team of the new millennium by doing
better than anyone else exactly what the Broncos have been
emphasizing and Plummer has been trying to avoid all season .
To beat the world champions , the upstart Broncos very likely will
have to beat the Patriots at their own game .
A
