For the last three years , consumer electronics makers , computer companies and
Hollywood studios have been choosing sides in the battle over
the dominant format for the coming high-definition DVDs -- Blu-ray
vs.
HD-DVD.
Yet , after all the jockeying by these companies , it may be
the relatively low-priced video-game consoles that tip the balance toward
one format -- or prolong the stalemate for several more
years .
That 's because the new game machines from Sony and
Microsoft will play high-definition DVDs and may spur discs sales
far faster than stand-alone players .
Sony said in 2004 that its PlayStation 3 , due out this
spring , would play Blu-ray discs .
Not to be outdone , Microsoft ,
at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas last week ,
said that it would make an external drive to play
HD-DVD discs on its Xbox 360 , which went on sale
in November .
Both the Blu-ray group , led by Sony , Panasonic , Dell and most
of the big movie studios , and the HD-DVD camp , which
includes Toshiba , Microsoft , Intel and three studios , are starting to
release stand-alone players that cost as much as $ 1,800 .
But
Sony and Microsoft are expected to sell millions of cheaper
game machines well ahead of sales of stand-alone DVD players .
The view among industry analysts has been that the HD-DVD group
would ultimately lose to the Blu-ray group , which includes more
electronics manufacturers , more studios and Sony 's game machine .
But if enough Xbox 360 users started watching HD-DVD movies on
those machines , Disney , Fox and other studios that have committed
to making only Blu-ray discs might be persuaded to make
movies in the HD-DVD format , too .
This shift could delay
any resolution to the format showdown .
" The momentum is behind Blu-ray , but there 's no way to write
off Microsoft " and the HD-DVD camp , said Joe Wilcox , a
consumer electronics analyst at Jupiter Research .
" They have the potential
to swing the momentum back the other way , and that
could delay a single standard . "
Perhaps unintentionally , the movie studios , which want one standard , might have
deepened the standoff .
In October , Warner and Paramount , two companies
that had exclusively supported HD-DVD , decided to make DVDs in
the Blu-ray format as well .
This gave the Blu-ray group an edge , with commitments from nearly
every studio .
On the other side , just one major studio
-- Universal -- said it would provide movies only in
the HD-DVD format .
Blu-ray 's new-found advantage prompted Microsoft to beef
up the Xbox 360 so that it could play HD-DVD
movies .
Microsoft did not want PlayStation to have an advantage ,
according to an executive familiar with the decision .
" The movie studios ' strategy of trying to unify the format around
Blu-ray as the de facto standard backfired , " said Warren Lieberfarb ,
who was a leading Hollywood advocate of DVD in the
early '90s and is an adviser to the digital media
division of Toshiba .
Microsoft now expects to ship up to 5.5 million Xbox 360s
by the end of June , though it has not said
when it would release its HD-DVD player .
Sony 's PlayStation 3
will not be on the market until this spring , but
Kaz Hirai , the chief executive of Sony Computer Entertainment America ,
said PlayStation 3 's DVD player would be built in to
the unit , while the Xbox 360 's high-definition player would be
an attachment , and an added purchase .
" Traditionally in the video-game sector , consumers are not willing to pay
additional money for add-ons , " he said .
" People expect plug-and-play right
out of the box . "
Hirai declined to say how much the new PlayStation would cost ,
though he said the machine would play both high-definition movies
and HD games .
Microsoft has not said whether the Xbox
360 's HD-DVD player will play more than movies .
Bob Chapek , the president of Buena Vista Home Entertainment , a division
of Disney , said his company had no intention of providing
movies in the HD-DVD format because it would not help
resolve the format fight .
" While typically we 're format agnostic , we do n't want to do anything
that prolongs a format war , " he said .
But Disney , Fox and others now in the Blu-ray camp may
soften their stance if Xbox and Toshiba 's low-cost HD-DVD players
sell well , industry analysts say .
" The studios are going as fast as they can into as
many formats as possible , " said Mark Stahlman , an analyst at
Caris &amp; Co. , an investment bank .
" A year from now ,
when all these movies are out in both formats , no
studio will be exclusive , with the exception of Sony , and
we 'll be saying , 'what format war ? " '
