Whether he knew it or not , President Bush was faced with
a crucial philosophical choice in the frightening and chaotic aftermath
of the Sept. 11 attacks .
He could have followed the wise counsel of Edward R. Murrow ,
who memorably told us , " We cannot defend freedom abroad by
deserting it at home . "
But he did n't .
He chose instead
to follow the disturbing course mapped out by Barry Goldwater ,
who insisted , " Extremism in the defense of liberty is no
vice . . .
moderation in the pursuit of justice
is no virtue . "
That choice changed the character of America for the worse , leading
( like a character 's tragic flaw in an ancient drama ) to
the mindless invasion and occupation of Iraq ; the imprisonment without
trial of thousands of so-called terror suspects , who were denied
the right to protest their innocence or confront their accusers ;
the now-infamous torture memo from the Justice Department ; the abuses
at Abu Ghraib ; the reprehensible practice of rendition , in which
individuals are kidnapped by U.S. officials and handed over to
regimes known to specialize in torture ; the creation of super-secret
CIA prisons -- the dungeons of the 21st century ; and ,
as recently revealed , the president 's decision to authorize illegal eavesdropping
-- spying -- on American citizens .
The president has been cavalier about the profound issues embedded in
his radical makeover of America .
Perhaps he does n't understand them .
As the controversy grew over the warrantless eavesdropping on U.S.
citizens by the National Security Agency , Bush , apparently annoyed , said
at a press conference , " The fact that we 're discussing this
program is helping the enemy . "
Well , Mr. President , one of the great things about democracy American
style is that important national issues are always subject to
a robust national discussion .
And few things are more important
than making sure that a president with a demonstrated tendency
to abuse the powers of his office is not allowed
to lay the foundation for the systematic surveillance of the
American people .
For a president -- any president -- to OK eavesdropping on
U.S. citizens on American soil without a warrant is an
abomination .
First , it 's illegal -- and for very good reasons .
Spying on the populace is a giant step toward totalitarianism .
In the worst-case scenario , it 's the nightmare of Soviet-style surveillance .
Related to that is the all-important matter of the separation of
powers , which is the absolutely crucial cornerstone of our form
of government -- our bulwark against tyranny .
An elaborate system
of checks and balances (you need a warrant from a
court to wiretap , for example ) prevents the concentration of too
much power in any one branch , or any one person .
Get rid of the checks and balances and you 've gotten
rid of the United States as we 've known it .
If Bush wants to spy on Americans , let him follow the
law and get a warrant .
He 's the president , not the
king .
The president cannot simply do as he pleases .
Richard
Nixon unleashed the dogs of domestic surveillance in the 1970s ,
and that played a major role in the constitutional crisis
that traumatized the nation and led to the collapse of
his presidency .
Nixon was out of control , so Congress and the courts stepped
in .
Threatened with impeachment , he resigned his office and left
town .
Checks and balances .
Bush argues that the enemies of the United States are so
evil and so devious that he is justified in throwing
off the legal constraints that might have bound previous presidents
-- including such important constraints as the ban on warrantless
eavesdropping contained in the 1978 Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act .
If a president thinks a law should be changed , he can
go to the American people via Congress and seek such
a change .
This president gave the back of his hand
to FISA , deciding in secret to ignore it .
In doing that , Bush essentially declared that the checks and balances
do not apply to him , that he is above the
law , that he knows better than the likes of Madison ,
Jefferson , Hamilton et al .
In doing that , he aligned himself instead with Richard Nixon , who
had his own notion of the separation of powers .
That
notion was best expressed in Nixon 's chilling comment :
" When the president does it , that means that it is not
illegal . "
