After living with luggage every working day for the last five
years , Donna Menefee has come to believe that cheaper is
just fine .
Menefee , a Delta Air Lines customer service agent , helps run its
lost and damaged luggage office at Logan International Airport 's Terminal
A , which serves 100,000 Delta passengers a week .
On an
average day , she might handle a half-dozen claims of luggage
damage .
In her experience , accidents do n't discriminate .
" The biggest thing in our office is I have people coming
in and saying , ' I spent $ 300 for my luggage ! " ' Menefee
said .
Her standard answer : " Well , OK , that 's great .
But it
got damaged . "
Menefee said top-of-the-line luggage sets like those made by Hartman , Tumi ,
and Swiss Army are "very good bags , very good warranties
- and very expensive .
Of course , it 's a better-looking bag .
It 's got a better frame .
The workmanship is a little
better .
Whatever they ca n't repair , they replace . "
But she said
of the costliest luggage sets : " They tear , they rip , just
like Wal-Mart bags . "
Luggage runs a hard obstacle course from the time passengers check
in until they reclaim it at their destination , slung by
time-pressed handlers onto carts and trolleys , with some of the
hardest knocks coming when it slides down the chute into
the carousel .
US consumers spent $ 8.3 billion in 2004 on luggage , sport bags ,
briefcases , and computer cases , according to the Travel Goods Association ,
a Princeton , N.J. , trade group .
That was down from $ 9.1 billion in 2000 , as travel dropped
after the Sept. 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks and low-priced imports
cut retail prices .
Unless you 're toting expensive cameras or high-tech equipment that warrants a
reinforced case , most no-name brands available at off-price stores like
Marshall 's or T.J. Maxx should prove adequate , Menefee said .
She
bought her last set of luggage five or six years
ago for around $ 50 a bag - " no particular brand
name " that she can recall - and it has worked
out fine for her frequent trips .
So hard or soft cover bags ?
" I 'm more against hard-sided .
It
does n't expand , and most people tend to overpack them .
They
pop , they get crushed , and there 's no away to repair
them , " Menefee said .
" The hard cases do n't rip .
They just
crack .
You ca n't repair the crack .
You can repair the
rip . "
Some other lessons :
Do something to differentiate your luggage , such as a painted or
duct-tape marking .
But put it on the body , not the
handle , in case that snaps off .
Also , do n't assume that
an unusual color is unique .
Menefee recently had to solve
a mixup involving a passenger whose beige suitcase was mistakenly
taken home by another passenger .
Which leads to :
Always check your tags before you leave the airport , and put
a piece of paper inside the bag , too with your
phone numbers , e-mail , and regular mail .
Indulge your inner cheapskate .
A $ 200 suitcase is virtually never four
times as tough as a $ 50 case .
" It 's a myth , "
Menefee said .
" Luggage is there to protect your clothes .
Everything
else is cosmetic . "
Peter J. Howe can be reached at howeglobe .com .
