WASHINGTON - They announced a sellout last night at the MCI
Center .
Never mind that half the place was empty , a
tribute to the hold the Redskins have on the self-proclaimed
world 's most powerful city .
When they play , the city pretty
much stops .
So all those folks who bought tickets to the game stayed
home to watch football - and they ended up missing
quite a finish .
It was a finish that left Doc
Rivers steaming - and the Washington Wizards mighty grateful .
The Celtics lost this one , 103-102 , as Gilbert Arenas made two
free throws with 3.5 seconds left to avoid what would
have been a humiliating meltdown .
The Wizards led , 101-94 , with
29.4
seconds left , yet found themselves down , 102-101 , after a
Delonte West hoop with 9.7 seconds left capped a lightning
8-0 Boston run .
All the Celtics needed was one stop
and they would n't even need the team charter to fly
home .
But the crafty Arenas drove to the basket .
There was contact ,
although he appeared to be the one who made it
by being out of control .
Referee Bill Spooner , however , called
Paul Pierce for a foul .
Rivers went into a rage
- we can only imagine what Tommy Heinsohn was thinking
- as the call looked to most like a parting
gift to the hosts .
" My view [of the call ] is about the same as everyone
else 's , except one guy , " Rivers said .
" He [Arenas ] lost control
of the ball and flung himself into the guy .
But
you put yourself into that situation and anything can happen . "
Said West , " I feel like this one was stolen from us . "
The Celtics appeared to be dead and gone after Caron Butler
( 20 points ) dropped a pair of free throws to make
it 101-94 with 29.4 seconds left .
The Celtics had lost
control of this one in the second half of the
third quarter , falling behind , 82-76 , after three and by 10
points midway through the fourth .
One comeback already had been
thwarted .
There did n't appear to be time for another .
But Pierce ( 23 points , 11 in the fourth ) drained a long
3-pointer with 26.3 seconds left .
After a Washington timeout , Antonio
Daniels , who was close to useless all night , threw away
the inbounds pass ( Chucky Atkins allowed the ball to trickle
out of bounds , apparently fearing a backcourt violation that was
not going to be called ) .
Rivers frantically called for the
rarely used Brian Scalabrine , who to that point had not
played a second .
Scalabrine , who was stunned to hear his
name called , hurried into the game , told Wizards coach Eddie
Jordan that he was going to make the shot , and
then , after a nice feed from Ricky Davis , did just
that , right in front of the Washington bench .
" You do n't have much time in a situation like that , " Scalabrine
said .
" You just gotta let it go . "
After it swished
through , making it 101-100 with 21.9 seconds left , Scalabrine gave
it the " told ya ' so " to Jordan .
The two had
been together in New Jersey where Jordan was an assistant
coach .
The Wizards managed to inbound the ball this time , to Butler ,
who to that point had made all six of his
free throws .
By that time , folks were filing out of
the MCI Center , content that the Wizards would n't blow this
one .
But Butler missed the first .
Then he missed the
second .
Oh , my .
The Celtics got the ball to a wide-open West ( 17 points ) ,
who missed from the top of the key .
But Davis ,
who played a sensational game , tapped the ball back to
West , who did n't hesitate a nanosecond , knocking down a 16-footer
with 9.7 seconds to play .
( He was 7 of 9
from the field . )
The Celtics now had the lead .
The
Wizards had one last chance .
Arenas ( 31 points ) then got what can only be called a
charitable call .
Pierce did everything right on the play .
He
moved his feet .
He did n't reach .
He did n't jump .
And
he still got whistled for the call .
" I thought I played good defense , " he said , " but there 's nothing
I can do about the call .
I have no control
over that .
The ref made the call . "
Said Jordan , " When you 've been in this league a long time ,
you see a lot of crazy things . "
Arenas ended up
17 of 18 from the line .
" I was n't going to
miss those two , " he said .
There was still 3.5 seconds left , but the Celtics were out
of timeouts .
An off-balance Davis launch from just over halfcourt
was long and wide and the Celtics left the floor
with looks of disbelief .
Rivers looked like he wanted to
go 10 rounds with Spooner .
Later , Pierce also noted the obvious : " We should n't have put ourselves
in that situation in the first place . "
The Celtics did
turn it over too often ( 19 times for 22 points )
and gave up 17 second-chance points .
" But I like the
fact we battled back , " Pierce added .
So , too , did Rivers .
While commending Davis ( 24 points , 7 rebounds ,
8 assists ) for his overall play , the Celtics coach also
applauded the never-say-die spirit of the fellows .
" I thought we showed great heart in getting back into the
game , " Rivers said .
And then they had their hearts cut out in the final
seconds .
