Ever the avant-garde guy , Dallas owner Mark Cuban took up commissioner
David Stern on his suggestion to have a so-called " Silent
Night " and stop what has unfortunately become an NBA staple :
the blaring , nonstop music and mindless noise during games .
Cuban
ordered the plugs pulled during the Mavericks ' Dec. 30 game
against Golden State at American Airlines Center .
" I liked it , "
he said via e-mail , " but I hated that there was
less energy in the arena . "
Cuban said he received e-mails
about the move and that fans supported a return to
the ear-splitting assault by a 10-1 ratio .
That has long
been Cuban 's contention - that most people do not attend
NBA games to see the product , God forbid , but to
"have a good time . "
In an apparently unrelated development , the
Warriors rallied in the fourth quarter and won , 111-109 .
The change in Spain
When the Spanish team assembles in Japan next summer for the
World Championships , it will have a new coach .
Mario Pesquera ,
who made headlines in Athens by engaging in a finger-pointing
duel with US coach Larry Brown - to the point
where Brown was said to have asked , " Do you want
a piece of me ? " - was sacked before Christmas and
replaced by longtime Spanish club coach Pepu Hernandez .
Pesquera accused
Brown of piling on when Brown , his team leading by
12 with 23 seconds to play , called a timeout .
Brown
later said - rather lamely - that he tried to
wave it off , but Pesquera was n't buying the Mickey the
Dunce routine .
He told reporters that Dean Smith , Brown 's idol ,
would never have stooped to such depths .
Brown tried to
say that he was new to the international situation , that
he had just seen two US turnovers and that , well ,
he was n't out to embarrass anyone .
None of it was
believable , because in the NBA , coaches always take needless timeouts
( although they would disagree ) .
Pesquera 's last performance as national coach
was to lead Spain to a fourth-place finish in the
World Championship qualifier last year in Belgrade .
That was good
enough to get the Spanish team to Japan , but not
good enough to keep his job .
Shakeup in Seattle
Bob Hill has been a face on several NBA benches over
the years - you may recall he coached the Pacers
when they met the Celtics in the 1991 and 1992
playoffs - and now he has surfaced in Seattle , replacing
the deposed Bob Weiss .
Hill wasted no time making changes
on what is a very ordinary team , a unit that
makes the Celtics look like the Spurs defensively .
Vladimir Radmanovic ,
who was upset with his playing time under Weiss , got
his first start of the season in the team 's victory
Wednesday over reeling Chicago .
Luke Ridnour , who started the first
26 games , was returned to the starting lineup in Game
31 ( he had missed two games with a chest bruise ) .
Rookie center Johan Petro got his 10th start and went
31 minutes , which is more minutes than he compiled in
the previous five games dating back to Nov. 30 .
( He
played only 19 minutes over four games in December . )
Lastly ,
Robert Swift was exhumed and went 8 minutes , which amounted
to 50 percent of the time he had previously spent
on the floor covering three games in December .
Hill also
has implemented a gag order at practice , unless players are
helping out each other , and wants his assistant coaches to
button it during games as well .
Stairway to headache
Interesting line from former Celtics coach John Carroll , who was writing
on ESPN.com about the pressures of being an interim coach
on a team trying to develop players .
" I kept hearing ,
'Play this guy , play that guy ' from upstairs , " Carroll wrote .
" What a headache . "
He did not identify who was "upstairs . "
He also was asked by someone "upstairs " to call more
dunks for Ricky Davis .
Ready for takeoff
RIP America West Arena .
With the merger between airlines , the arena
the Phoenix Suns call home is now known as US
Airways Center .
This is n't the first arena deal for US
Air .
The longtime Landover , Md. , home of the Washington Bullets
was renamed from Capital Centre to US Air Arena on
July 1 , 1993 , and remained that way until Washington played
its first game in the MCI Center on Dec. 2 ,
1997 .
By that time , the team name also had been
changed to the Wizards .
Material from personal interviews , wire services , other beat writers , and league
and team sources was used in this report .
