BY UNANIMOUSLY rating Samuel Alito " well qualified " for the Supreme Court
last week , the American Bar Association underlined the difficult task
that the United States Senate takes on Monday : deciding whether
to consent to the appointment of a justice who is
experienced , but whose views are well to the right of
most federal judges .
Alito 's past opposition to a federal assault-weapon ban and to abortion
have been widely publicized .
He also ruled in 2000 that
Congress lacked the power to apply the Family and Medical
Leave Act to states , a view countered in 2003 by
the Supreme Court , in an opinion written by then-Chief Justice
William Rehnquist .
This case , and Alito 's negative comments about affirmative
action , are among the reasons the Lawyers ' Committee for Civil
Rights under Law came out strongly against Alito last week .
Another group , the liberal Alliance for Justice , analyzed a number of
cases in which Alito was involved and which were decided
on split decisions .
The majority were closely split , siding with
the government 54 percent of the time and with individual
plaintiffs 46 percent , while Alito backed the government 82 to
18 , according to the report .
One of the few encouraging decisions from the Supreme Court in
2004 was its ruling that the Bush administration had no
right to hold persons without charge at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba ,
and without a right to challenge their detention in court .
" We have long since made clear , " the majority said , " that
a state of war is not a blank check for
the president when it comes to the rights of the
nation 's citizens . "
From his writings , it would appear that Alito
would vote the other way .
This is especially frightening because
those clarion words were written by Sandra Day O'Connor , the
justice whom Alito would replace .
A Bush administration spokeswoman was quoted in The Wall Street Journal
last week saying , " There 's no way to say how he
would rule " on cases before the Supreme Court .
Of course
that is true , and it would be a mistake for
advocates on either side to have absolute confidence of how
Alito would vote on any particular issue .
But Bush certainly has a belief in "how he would rule "
generally - that 's why he nominated him .
Alito 's inclination , repeated
time and again in memos when he was a staff
attorney and in opinions from the bench , is to say
yes to power .
Whether it is governmental power , corporate power ,
or presidential power , Alito is likely to salute .
Alito 's 15 years of experience as an appeals court judge contributed
to his endorsement by the American Bar Association .
But the
Senate has a mandate to look more closely at the
kind of justice he would be .
Unless Alito can convince
the Senate and the nation that he has changed fundamentally ,
his record shows him to be a candidate particularly ill-suited
for this court .
