more efficient offenses in the league .
The Broncos ( 158.7 yards a game ) finished second in the league
in rushing , less than a half-yard behind the Falcons , and
quarterback Jake Plummer had the NFL 's seventh-best passer rating at
90.2
( just behind the Patriots ' Tom Brady at 92.3 ) , with
an interception percentage of 1.5 , second-best in the league .
" It 's going to be tough playing at Mile High , " Seymour said .
" It 's an excellent opportunity for this football team .
A perfect
opportunity for us to go out and show the strides
that we 've made as a team over the last month .
" I heard a lot of flak about , ' Well it 's been not
a high-ranking offense that we 've being going against , ' just a
whole lot of stuff .
So I think we 'll resolve a
lot of the questions .
" But it 's going to start by playing a tough football game
because this is a good football team that we 're going
against and we have a lot of respect for these
guys . "
Denver 's 13-3 mark is impressive enough , but included in that total
is a 28-20 win over the Patriots in October , a
game the Broncos led by 25 points at one point .
Plummer completed 17 of 24 passes for 262 yards with two
touchdowns and no interceptions , while Tatum Bell ran for 114
yards on 13 carries .
" When you look at their football team , first and foremost , they
want to run the ball , " Seymour said .
" They have capable
backs and they 're just plugging guys into that running system
that are able get the job done .
" This is a week it 's more important to stop the run
than last week .
We 've done pretty good lately stopping the
run , but it 's going to be our biggest challenge this
year .
We 're just ready for our opportunity . "
Denver has outscored visitors , 179-100 , at home , with an impressive 125-40
first-half advantage .
Since trailing the Chargers , 14-3 , at the half
in their home opener , the Broncos have not been behind
at the break , and they led New England , 21-3 , at
the intermission .
But as you 'll hear throughout the week , that was a different
New England squad .
" It was so important to get better as a team from
where we were at midseason , " Seymour said .
" Look at our
team , we were one up and one down .
If we
stayed at that point , that was n't going to be good
enough .
" Individually and collectively as a group , we came together and now
we 're playing better football than we were at that point
in the season .
" You look at this game and obviously , they 've done a good
job .
Their record speaks for itself .
They deserve a lot
of credit .
They 're playing well at home .
They have a
good defense , a good offense .
They spread the ball around ;
they can run the ball .
" We 're not taking anything away from these guys .
We understand and
know that we 're going to have to play our best
game , and we 're going to have to play better than
we did last week to win this football game . "
