Just after 1 p.m. yesterday , Theo Epstein entered the Paradise dressed
in the appropriate club garb of jeans , sweat shirt , and
Patriots hat , not the gorilla suit in which he exited
his job as Red Sox general manager .
Epstein was one of five speakers - co-GMs Ben Cherington and
Jed Hoyer , ESPN 's Peter Gammons , and Toronto GM J.P. Ricciardi
rounded out the forum - participating in yesterday 's Hot Stove
Roundtable , a question-and-answer session for fans whose $ 100 entry fees
went to the Jimmy Fund and A Foundation To Be
Named Later , the charity Epstein launched with his twin brother
Paul .
Epstein emphasized , as he did on his Friday radio tour to
promote the event , that he 's a man without a job ,
although he said there is still a possibility he could
rejoin the team .
" It was flattering that Larry [Lucchino ] said they 'd leave the light
on for me , " he said .
" I left for my reasons .
If those situations change , maybe later on it would be
possible to return to the Red Sox . "
Earlier in the event , when addressing a question regarding how executives
felt about the upcoming World Baseball Classic and their concerns
about their players possibly suffering injuries during the tournament , Epstein
underscored his current job status .
" As someone who 's unaffiliated and unemployed , " said Epstein , " I would freak
out if my starting pitcher cranked it up from nothing .
If there 's two outs in the ninth and he needs
to reach back , then eight months later he needs to
reach back to get the last out in the World
Series , yeah , I would freak . "
While Cherington and Hoyer declined to address specifics about hot-button issues
such as trading for Miguel Tejada or targeting a center
fielder to replace Johnny Damon , they delighted attendees with some
insight on the 2006 Red Sox , reminding the gathering that
the current roster would look different come Opening Day .
On trading Manny Ramírez :
" We have no issue with Manny coming back , " Hoyer said .
" We
know that if he comes back , he 'll play well and
give us 1.000 OPS in left field .
The only way
we 'll trade Manny is if it 's a deal that will
set us up for the future .
We have n't gotten that
offer at this point . "
On the departure of Damon :
" It was n't a matter of not wanting Johnny back , " said Hoyer .
" We placed a value on a player and chose to
walk away .
We 're thinking about the last year of the
deal just as much as the first . "
Hoyer said that Scott Boras , Damon 's agent , apologized to him after
news of the center fielder 's signing with the Yankees leaked
before Sox management was informed .
On Edgar Renteria :
" Physically , he was n't the same player , " said Epstein , who accepted responsibility
for signing the shortstop .
" That was n't the same Edgar Renteria
we saw .
His arm was a little short , his range
was short , and it looked like it was hard for
him to bend over . "
On David Ortiz :
Hoyer declined to answer whether the team would extend Ortiz 's current
contract , but his words sounded like one of an executive
who had no intentions on letting the slugger approach free
agency .
" David Ortiz is the face of the organization .
No question , " Hoyer
said .
" You could n't have a better three years than he 's
had with the Red Sox .
You could n't find a better
guy or a better spokesman .
We could n't be happier with
David and we hope he 's here for a long , long
time . "
On Keith Foulke :
" Physically , he 's doing pretty well , " Cherington said .
" The mental part is
a lot harder to answer .
Obviously , he struggled last year .
But he went through this another time .
He had a
dominant year as a closer after he struggled . "
On trading David Wells :
" We 're not going to give him away because he wants to
be on the West Coast , " Hoyer said .
" He 's signed a
contract with the Red Sox . "
On Alex Cora as a starting shortstop :
" This is a guy who fans , as they see him play
more , will grow to like him , " Hoyer said .
" He 's a
player who our manager ca n't wait to write his name
into our lineup .
He does every little thing incredibly well . "
