The Sonics were tired of McMillan 's tough-guy style and openlyembraced Weiss '
kinder , gentler approach .
The Seattle brass , confusing fondness for respect ,
gave Weiss the job , then lived to regret it after
the players got so comfy in their new surroundings they
stopped working hard .
It did n't help that defensive standouts Jerome James and Antonio Daniels
were n't re-signed , and that young players such as Vladimir Radmanovic ,
Vitaly Potapenko , Luke Ridnour and Nick Collison regressed after promising
seasons .
How Weiss coaxed 13 wins out of the madness is actually
a tribute to the well-liked NBA lifer .
But it was n't
working and everyone knew it , so Seattle quickly pulled the
plug.
Now it 's Hill 's problem .
Of course , Weiss was just the first of what could be
a number of coaching changes .
Here 's a look at coaches
who might want to consider updating their resumes :
- Sam Mitchell , Toronto : The recent five-game winning streak notwithstanding , John
Wooden would have a hard time winning with the collection
of !ital !talent poor Mitchell isworking with .
Word up north is that the Raptors brass wo n't make any
changes until after the season , but that 's just delaying the
inevitable .
By this time next year Mitchell will be on
another team 's bench as an assistant , and likely enjoying every
minute away from the misery in Toronto .
- Rick Adelman , Sacramento : He 's in the last year of hiscontract
so that might by him the rest of the season ,
but it does n'tlook like this relationship will extend any longer
than that .
The Kings , once one of the most entertaining teams in the
league ,do n't scare anybody anymore and they 're downright awful at home ,losing
10 of their first 19 .
The best bet for everyone
at this point is a change of scenery .
And do n't worry about Adelman .
He 'll immediately be the most sought
after coach heading into the offseason .
- Scott Skiles , Chicago : And things look so promising for Skiles
and the Bulls after they broke through to the postseason
last year for the first time since Jordan retired .
That did n't last long .
The Bulls are 12-19 , Eddy Curry now
plays for New York and center Tyson Chandler was recently
diagnosed with exercise-induced asthma and is taking medicine for a
hiatal hernia .
And that was before he sprained an ankle Wednesday , aninjury that 's
expected to sideline him more than a week .
Skiles deserves better , but unless he gets the Bulls turned around
he could be looking for work soon .
- Eddie Jordan , Washington : Like Skiles did in Chicago ,Jordan guided the
Wizards to their first playoff appearance in adecade last year .
Unfortunately , Larry Hughes signed with Cleveland and Antawn Jamison appears
stuck in a season-long slump .
Washington is second in the Southeast Division , but its 12-17 record
tells the real story .
OLYMPIC FEVER : Jerry Colangelo says he has met with noresistance from
players regarding the required three-year commitmentto play in the 2008
Olympics , and it looks like might get a surprising commitment
from Shaquille O'Neal .
Colangelo , the managing director of the U.S. Senior Men 's National Team ,
