The opinion is more than 50 years old , and
it is not even binding precedent .
But just minutes into
the Supreme Court confirmation hearings of Judge Samuel A. Alito
Jr. , it took center stage and seemed to lay the
groundwork for the questions he will face concerning his views
on the limits of presidential power .
The 1952 opinion , a concurrence by Justice Robert H. Jackson , rejected
President Harry S. Truman 's assertion that he had the constitutional
power to seize the nation 's steel mills to aid the
war effort in Korea .
Whether and how Jackson 's analysis should
apply to broadly similar recent assertions by the Bush administration ,
notably concerning its domestic surveillance program , will plainly be a
central theme when questioning of Alito begins Tuesday morning .
Sen.
Arlen Specter , the Republican chairman of the Judiciary Committee , discussed
only three decisions by name in his opening statement : Jackson 's
concurrence in the 1952 case , Youngstown Sheet and Tube Company
v.
Sawyer , and two abortion cases , Roe v. Wade and
Planned Parenthood v. Casey .
Quoting from the Jackson concurrence and referring to the surveillance program ,
Specter said , " What is at stake is the equilibrium established
by our constitutional system . "
Sen.
Patrick J. Leahy , the ranking Democrat on the committee , made
a similar assertion in noting that Alito would replace Justice
Sandra Day O'Connor if he was confirmed .
" She upheld , " Leahy
said , " the fundamental principle of judicial review over the exercise
of government power . "
That was a reference to O'Connor 's decisive opinion turning back another
broad assertion of executive power in Hamdi v. Rumsfeld , a
2004 case in which the court allowed a man held
without charges as an enemy combatant to challenge his detention ,
over the objections of the Bush administration .
O'Connor wrote one
case as precedent for that proposition : Youngstown .
In June 1952 , in a 6-3 decision , the Supreme Court rejected
the various legal rationales offered by the Truman administration for
the steel mill seizures .
It is not entirely clear why
Jackson 's concurrence has had such a lasting impact .
It may
be because he spoke with particular authority , having argued for
expansive executive power as President Franklin D. Roosevelt 's attorney general ,
much as Alito did when he was a lawyer in
the Reagan administration .
" That comprehensive and undefined presidential powers hold both practical advantages and
grave dangers for the country , " Jackson wrote in the concurrence ,
" will impress anyone who has served as legal adviser to
a president in time of transition and public anxiety . "
