WHO ELSE can count on Tom Reilly to make a helpful
call on their behalf ?
The question deserves answers , not tears , from an attorney general who
wants to be the next governor of Massachusetts .
Unfortunately , it arises from the brutally sad story of two teenage
sisters , Shauna and Meghan Murphy , who died in a car
crash last October .
The girls ' father , Christopher Murphy , of Southborough ,
is a friend and political donor of Reilly 's .
In mid-November ,
Reilly called Worcester District Attorney John J. Conte to urge
him not to release the victims ' autopsy reports - which
are not public record - to the media .
A police report on the car crash says that the driver ,
17-year-old Shauna Murphy , was drinking at a party just before
the accident .
Northborough police chief Mark Leahy believed his investigators
had a case , which he described as "allowing " a minor
to consume alcohol .
However , police closed the case after Conte
determined there was insufficient evidence for criminal charges .
During a misty-eyed press conference last week , Reilly confirmed that he
advised Conte not to make the blood-alcohol report public , but
said he never tried to block police from obtaining that
information .
During a telephone interview , Reilly said he "understood " the
family had some concerns , but the family did not ask
him to make the call to Conte .
Here is the key question for Reilly : Would he do for
the average citizen what he did for a friend -
remind an experienced district attorney that an autopsy report is
not a public record ?
Reilly insists that over the course of his career he made
similar calls to protect the privacy of families .
When pressed
for details , he said that people often call on behalf
of neighbors and that he intercedes even if he does
not know the victims or their families .
During the press conference , the attorney general 's eyes welled up with
tears as he suggested that Governor Mitt Romney and Lieutenant
Governor Kerry Healey are using the matter for political gain .
This is the time for Reilly to get tough , not teary ,
and he should get tough , first , on himself .
From a prosecutor 's perspective , how would Reilly , a former district attorney ,
feel about a call like the one he made to
Conte ?
The job demands the ability to separate emotion from
fact , the willingness to investigate without fear or favor , and
an assumed knowledge of state law regarding the release of
autopsies .
Would a call from an attorney general lead a
district attorney to conclude that perhaps this investigation was not
one he should pursue ?
Beyond that , Reilly needs to toughen up as a candidate for
governor .
If he ca n't take it now , how will he
weather the pressure that will build ?
Romney recently announced he
is not seeking reelection ; Healey is seeking the Republican gubernatorial
nomination .
Reilly also faces a fight for the Democratic gubernatorial
nomination from Deval Patrick , a former official in the US
Justice Department .
Political their intent may be , but the two Republicans raised legitimate
public policy questions , as well as legitimate political concerns about
Reilly .
Painting a Democratic gubernatorial nominee as one of the gang is
the strongest argument Massachusetts Republicans have in their quest to
retain the governor 's office .
Over the years , Reilly worked to
cultivate an outsider image , with high-profile , if low impact , investigations
into the Catholic Church and Big Dig .
The call to
the Worcester district attorney is an echo of business as
usual , the ability of those in the loop to get
special treatment .
No one denies the Murphy family suffered unimaginable horror and continues
to suffer unimaginable pain .
As family members wrote in a
statement Reilly read at his press conference , " We hurt every
minute of every day . "
A friend embraces them , cries with them , does their best to
console the inconsolable .
An attorney general and would-be governor considers how best to help
police enforce the law and send a message that can
save the lives of other young people .
Can you be both friend and public official ?
Sure , but when you choose as a public official to extend
yourself on behalf of a friend , you accept the political
consequences without tears ; and you are prepared to face the
political question that follows logically :
Where do you draw the line on doing favors for a
friend ?
Joan Vennochi 's e-mail address is vennochiglobe .com .
