a partner in the Washington office of Vorys , Sater , Seymour
&amp; Pease who focuses on lobbying and legal ethics as
well as campaign finance laws .
" They would have had a
contracts claim , a malpractice claim .
They would 've had multiple claims . "
Among the clients the firm approached was Tyco , which has since
reached a settlement with Greenberg Traurig to be repaid $ 1.5
million of about $ 1.8 million it spent while working with
Abramoff on a tax loophole issue in Congress .
As he was trying to get Tyco to hire him in
May 2003 , Abramoff suggested that the company hire GrassRoots Interactive
to help .
Ultimately , Tyco did -- unaware , company officials said ,
that it was really paying Abramoff himself .
According to Abramoff 's plea agreement , he "falsely advised " Tyco that GrassRoots
Interactive "had no relationship with Abramoff 's law and lobbying firm ,
even though GRI was controlled by Abramoff . "
George J. Terwilliger III , the lawyer representing Tyco , said Greenberg Traurig
informed the company about the scam shortly after firing Abramoff .
He also said the firm , " under very difficult circumstances , did
the right thing , from making the disclosure to acknowledging its
former partner had wronged one if its clients . "
Greenberg Traurig also headed off potential claims by reaching financial settlements
with clients including the Mississippi Choctaws , an Indian tribe that
had hired the firm to lobby on its behalf .
The
tribe praised Greenberg Traurig 's conduct on its Web site , saying
the firm had "acted honorably . "
The statement continued , " That settlement fully and fairly resolves all of
the tribe 's claims for recovery of funds arising from Mr.
Abramoff 's misconduct . "
Abramoff took in about $ 1 million a year
in compensation from Greenberg Traurig .
But he supplemented his income ,
according to documents summarizing the charges to which he pleaded
guilty , by many millions more .
Abramoff persuaded clients to hire
companies that he or Scanlon had established -- in some
cases without disclosing the personal connection -- and those companies
then charged the clients millions of dollars in fees .
(STORY CAN END HERE.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS. )
Abramoff received as kickbacks about half of the profits from a
company set up by Scanlon .
For example , he received $ 6.4
million from one Indian tribe client from June 2001 to
April 2004 and $ 11.5 million from another tribe from March
2001 to May 2003 .
The money was used " for their
own personal benefit and not for the benefit of their
clients , " according to the criminal charges against Abramoff .
So far , one tribe , the Louisiana Coushattas , has filed a lawsuit
against the law firm .
After its internal investigation , Greenberg Traurig
quietly dismissed several people who had worked with Abramoff .
And
when the Senate Committee on Indian Affairs held a hearing
on the widening scandal in November , Fred Baggett , a partner
in the Tallahassee office of Greenberg Traurig , left the firm .
" Based on Mr. Schuelke 's investigation , the firm has made disclosures to
clients affected by Mr. Abramoff 's activities , worked out resolutions with
a number of affected clients and hopes to work out
resolutions with still other affected clients , " Baggett 's prepared statement reads .
