The District of Columbia police said on Monday that
the death of David E. Rosenbaum , a recently retired reporter
for The New York Times , is being treated as a
homicide even before the city 's medical examiner makes an official
declaration .
Rosenbaum , 63 , died of head injuries Sunday after being assaulted near
his home in Northwest Washington on Friday night as he
went for a walk after dinner .
The police attributed the
death to blunt force trauma to the back of his
head .
As a cascade of personal and professional tributes reached Rosenbaum 's family
and colleagues , Captain C.V. Morris of the Metropolitan Police Department 's
Violent Crimes Division said that detectives were following up on
"lots of leads " and that robbery might have been a
motive .
But he declined to discuss any evidence in the
case .
Morris said the police were searching for two men that witnesses
said they saw inside a dark-colored , two-door sedan in the
neighborhood several minutes after Rosenbaum walked by .
He said a
witness also told the police that the car 's license plate
included the numbers 516 .
But Morris stressed that the police had no suspects and that
the men in the car were only wanted for questioning .
" They 're not suspects , " he said .
" They may have seen something ; they
may have heard something .
We do n't know . "
Vince Morris , a spokesman for Mayor Anthony A. Williams , said Williams
spoke Monday morning to Rosenbaum 's wife , Virginia , expressing his sympathies .
He also said Williams assured her that " this is a
high-profile case that we are following very closely . "
Tributes to Rosenbaum , as well as anger over his killing , came
from all across Washington on Monday , from the White House
to Capitol Hill and offices in between , from sources , competitors
and even strangers who knew Rosenbaum only by reputation .
Officials from the Bush administration , the Treasury Department , the Federal Reserve
and other agencies , as well as members of Congress , expressed
their sympathies to colleagues of Rosenbaum in the Washington bureau
of The Times , where he worked for more than 37
years .
Officials from the Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press , which
Rosenbaum served as a member of the steering committee , said
they were " shocked and saddened " by his death .
As Sen.
Charles E. Schumer of New York left the Senate Judiciary
Committee hearing for the Supreme Court nominee , Samuel A. Alito
Jr. , he pulled aside a Times reporter to offer his
condolences .
In a condolence letter sent to the Times bureau , the staff
of Congressional Quarterly said they mourned the loss of a
"dear colleague " and called Rosenbaum " a Washington journalist of great
distinction . "
On National Public Radio , Cokie Roberts ended a segment on congressional
doings that put the usual work of Washington in perspective .
" You hear so many scandals out of Washington that you forget
the good parts , people who are here working every day
to serve the public and to explain the people who
are serving the public , and David absolutely did that , " Roberts
said .
" He was a reporter who covered Congress , public policy ,
economic policy , made it clear so that voters could make
up their own minds about what the policy should be
and who they should support .
And he did it very ,
very well for many decades . "
The Washington Post , in its Tuesday edition , published an article about
the investigation into Rosenbaum 's death and an "appreciation " written by
Glenn Kessler , who once competed with him on the budget
beat .
In the Kessler article , another Post reporter , Dale Russakoff ,
who covered tax reform in the 1980s , recalled her reaction
to Rosenbaum 's work .
" I liked him so much and had so much fun chasing
information alongside him that I had this bizarre reaction to
getting beaten by him on stories : I 'd find myself feeling
happy for him instead of getting mad , " Russakoff said .
She
added that she adopted the system of organizing notes used
by Rosenbaum , who was known as a mentor to many
reporters and editors who worked in Washington .
The assault on Rosenbaum occurred sometime after 9 p.m. on Friday ,
shortly after he left his house in a relatively low-crime
area .
The police said he was wearing a headset and
possibly did not hear the approach of his attacker .
Family members said his wallet was taken , and a credit card
was used Saturday in Southeast Washington .
Rosenbaum 's brother , Marcus D.
Rosenbaum , said the police have talked to the credit card
company .
Morris , who was imprecise in much of his accounting of events ,
said the police received a call Friday night by 9:20
or 9:30 .
He said he did not know who called
or when the police arrived , but when they did reach
Rosenbaum , an ambulance was there .
He said there was some initial confusion at the scene because
medical personnel could not determine whether Rosenbaum had fallen or
had been the victim of a crime .
A request for a chronology of events on Friday night , including
the time of the call to the city 's emergency center
and the time the ambulance arrived , was denied by several
city agencies , which cited the continuing investigation .
Morris said similar assaults have occurred recently in upscale neighborhoods like
Rosenbaum 's .
In those cases , he said , " all have resulted in
arrests or we know who the suspects are . "
In general , violent crime has been decreasing in Washington , particularly in
the Second District , where Rosenbaum lived .
Police records show that
none of the city 's 195 homicides in 2005 were committed
in the Second District .
