Prime Minister Tony Blair is expected to announce a timetable for the withdrawal of UK troops from Iraq .
Mr Blair is set to make a statement about the 7,000 British troops serving in Iraq at the Commons .
The BBC 's James Landale said 1,500 troops were expected to return home in months , rising to 3,000 by Christmas .
Downing Street has not confirmed the reports but Whitehall sources have told the BBC the process could be slowed down if the situation in Iraq worsens .
here 's reuters covering the same story :
Prime Minister Tony Blair looked set on Wednesday to outline a timetable for British troops to start withdrawing from Iraq , with media reports saying 3,000 soldiers could be home by the end of the year .
Blair will tell parliament the gradual draw down comes as Iraqi forces take over more control of security in the south of the country , according to British newspapers and news channels .
A spokesman at the prime minister 's Downing Street office declined to comment on the reports , but said parliament would be updated first on any announcement about Iraq .
Confirmation of a pull-out plan would be symbolic for Blair , who is due to leave office later this year .
His decision to back the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq four years ago was hugely unpopular and has blighted the final years of his premiership .
winding down , here 's c.i . 's ' Iraq snapshot : '
Tuesday , February 20 , 2007 .
Chaos and violence continue in Iraq as the crackdown (yet again ) cracks up , AP examines which US communities are most directly effected by the US death toll , an Iraqi woman states that she was raped and US media carry the puppet 's denial but somehow miss the statements about what the hospital examine actually indicated , the efforts to privatize Iraq 's oil continue , and Hillary Clinton demonstrates that she is not her husband , that she is not interested in your vote , and that she is not scripted .
Today on Democracy Now ! the topic the New York Times runs from was addressed .
Amy Goodman noted that , early on in the illegal war , Gallup polling found that 43 % of Iraqis thought the illegal war was about robbing Iraq of its oil .
This was the introduction for a discussion of the privatization of the Iraqi oil industry that the US administration has attempted to push through repeatedly .
Raed Jarrar has obtained a copy of the latest version of the proposed law and translated it .
He emphasized three points : 1 ) Unfair , long-term contracts that can run for " thirty-five years and cause the loss of hundreds of billions of dollars from Iraqis " ; 2 ) Since Iraq will not be allowed to set production limits it " cannot be a part of OPEC anymore " but its production levels would instead by set by " the Federal Oil and Gas Council , that will have represantives from the foreign oil companies on the board of it , so representatives from , let 's say , ExxonMobil and Shell and British Petroleum will be on the federal board of Iraq approving their own contracts " ; 3 ) By bypassing the centeral government and giving authority to the provinces , it makes possible " splitting Iraq into three regions or even maybe three states in the very near future . "
