Turning to news of war resistance , Ehren Watada has new legal representation .
Watada , the first officer to publicly refuse to deploy to Iraq and the first to be court-martialed ( in a court-martial Judge Toilet ruled a mistrial over the objection of the defense ) is no longer represented by Eric Seitz .
William Cole ( Honolulu Advertiser ) quotes Seitz stating , " I think the way to put it is I 'm not representing him anymore and he 's found another firm " and Bob Watada ( Ehren 's father ) stating , " I have the highest opinion of Eric Seitz .
But it 's Ehren 's decision . "
Hawaii 's KNDO notes that Watada 's next court-martial is scheduled for July 16th .
Whether it will go foward or not is up in the air because double-jeporady should have attached when Judge Toilet ( Lt .
Col . Head ) declared a mistrial , over defense objection , in the midst of the trial .
Cole notes Watada is now represented by Carney Badley Spellman in Seattle .
Fort Lewis is in Seattle so that is one plus ( Seitz resides in Hawaii ) .
Another is the strong lawyers working for the firm such as Jim Lobsenz .
AP notes " Watada is currently assigned to an administrative position at Fort Lewis . "
Earlier this week , Paul Rockwell ( Berkeley Daily Planet ) summarzies Watada 's case thus far and notes that " Watada never volunteered -- no soldier volunteers -- to violate human rights , to violate American treaties , to destroy the sovereignty of nations , to participate in aggression .
A contract to break the law has no legal standing . "
Ehren Watada is a part of a movement of resistance within the military that also includes Robert Zabala , Darrell Anderson , Kyle Snyder , Joshua Key , Corey Glass , Ricky Clousing , Mark Wilkerson , Agustin Aguayo , Camilo Mejia , Dean Walcott , Patrick Hart , Ivan Brobeck , Aidan Delgado , Pablo Paredes , Carl Webb , Jeremy Hinzman , Stephen Funk , David Sanders , Dan Felushko , Brandon Hughey , Clifford Cornell , Joshua Despain , Katherine Jashinski , Chris Teske , Matt Lowell , Jimmy Massey , Tim Richard , Hart Viges , Michael Blake and Kevin Benderman .
In total , thirty-eight US war resisters in Canada have applied for asylum.Information on war resistance within the military can be found at Center on Conscience & War , The Objector , The G.I. Rights Hotline , and the War Resisters Support Campaign .
Courage to Resist offers information on all public war resisters .
In Iraq today , another helicopter has gone down .
The Times of London reports that the downing took place " this morning after coming under fire in a Sunni militrant stonghold south of baghdad , an Iraqi army officials said .
AFP reports that "four personnel on board a US army helicopter were wounded and 'evacuated ' when it crashed south of Baghdad .
Five others on board were safe " .
CNN reports that an unnamed US military official has stated that the helicopter "appeared to be damaged by small-arms fire " and notes that 8 helicopters "have been shot down or forced to make hard landings " since January 20 , 2007 .
Hard landings ?
Sweeter word for " crash . "
AP provides a list of 9 helicopter incidents ( beginning on January 20th ) leading up to today 's which , they note , resulted from " an anti-aircraft heavy machine gun " according to an " Iraqi official . "
