Aura Bogado : A federal judge in nothern California has over-ruled the military justice system , and ordered the Marine Corps discharge a soldier who says he would n't be able to kill .
In his ruling , US District Court Judge James Ware of San Jose ruled reservists Robert Zabala whould be discharged from the military as a conscientious objector .
It 's extremely rare for civilian courts to over-rule military courts , but Zabala 's attorney says it 's at least the second time it 's happened during the Iraq war .
FSRN 's Aaron Glatnz reports .
Aaron Glantz : University of California Santa Cruz student Robert Zabala received money for school because he joined the military .
He entered the Marine Corps thinking it would be a place where he could find security after the death of his grandmother in 2003 .
But when he came to boot camp that June , Zabala said he had an ethical awakening that would not allow him to kill other people .
Zabala was particularly appalled by boot camps ' attempts to desensitize the recruits to violence .
Zabala : The response that all the recruits are supposed to say is "kill . "
So in unison you have , maybe 400 recruits , you know , " Kill !
Kill ! Kill ! Kill ! "
And after awhile that word almost becomes nothing to you .
What does it mean ?
You say it so often that you do n't really think of the consequences of what it means to say kill over and over as you 're performing this , you know , deadly technique , a knife to the throat . "
Glantz : In his ruling , Judge Ware noted Zabala 's experiences with his first commander , Capt .
Sanchez during basic training , Sanchez repeatedly gave speeches about blowing BLEEP up or kicking some BLEEP.
In 2003 when a fellow recruit committed suicide on the shooting range Sanchez commented in front of the recruits BLEEP him , BLEEP his parents for raising him , and BLEEP the girl who dumped him .
Another boot camp instructor showed recruits a motivational clip video showing Iraqi corpses , explosions and gun fights and rockets set to heavy metal songs that included the lyrics " Let the bodies hit the floor . "
Zabala he abhored the blood lust his commanders seemed to posses .
Aaron Hughes served six years in the Illionis Guard , including one tour as a military truck driver in occupied Iraq .
He says Robert Zabala 's experiences are typical of basic training .
Hughes : It 's a lot of competition and a lot of learning how to not see yourself as a person or others as human beings .
It 's just , you 're a piece of property and that 's the way it functions and that 's your job is to function like an object under command .
I mean , it 's a really simple life though when you 're under complete complete orders .
Glantz : Hughes says at the time he believed basic training helped capture manhood
he felt he lacked being raised by his mother but after being sent to Iraq , he changed his mind .
Hughes : I think it 's wrong now looking back at it .
How can you not be see it as a step away from your humanity ?
I mean basically you get in there and they -- you go -- you -- automatically start isolating you and they tell you how your girlfriend 's not going to be there and she does n't matter when you get home or your husband .
Like do n't trust anyone but the military .
They really start fostering that as . . .
your sole relationship in life .
