now a question - why is kirk douglas wearing a wig ?
that 's not kirk douglas , it 's barbara bush .
proving that you really do get the face you deserve after 40 .
now she was never 'pretty , ' let alone beautiful .
but i saw this scan when c.i . sent it and i could just think of the austin powers ' line : 'she 's a man , baby ! '
of course , she ca n't be a man , she gave birth .
unless it was a mistress who gave birth , but poppy bush had no mistresses , right ? he never cheated .
and he certainly never knew a woman in san francisco with a house boat that he slept with while he was vice president , right ?
here 's c.i . 's ' Iraq snapshot : '
Monday , April 9 , 2007 .
Chaos and violence continue , Iraqis march in Najaf , Democratic leadership caves again , and Winnie Ng told the truth .
Yesterday , Shi'ite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr called followers to take to the streets and protest the occupation of Iraq by foreign fighters .
Amy Goodman ( Democracy Now ! ) noted this morning , " Hundreds of thousands of Shiites are staging a massive anti-U.S. demonstration in the holy city of Najaf to call for the withdrawal of US troops .
Shiites from around Iraq have traveled to Najaf to take part in the protest to mark the fouth anniversary of the fall of Baghdad .
The Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr urged Iraqis to stop cooperating with U.S. forces . "
CBS and AP report that the Najaf rally lasted three hours , chants included " Get out , get out occupier ! " and " Yes , Yes to Moqtada ! Occupiers should leave Iraq ! " , that Iraqi soldiers -- wearing their uniforms -- " joined the crowd , " and that US military flack and apparently fact challenged Steven Boylan pointed to the demonstrations against the United States and sighed that it could n't have happened "four years ago " -- apparently alleging that Saddam Hussein would not have tolerated anti-US demonstrations .
Boylan was n't the only having trouble with the truth .
Khaled Farhan ( Reuters ) reports that White House National Security Council spokesperson Gordon Johndroe also hailed the protest against the US forces as a sign of freedom and anticipates "much more progress " .
Saad Fakhrildeen and Ned Parker ( Los Angeles Times ) report that US and Israeli flags were burned in the protests .
File it under " Spin that . "
As AFP notes of the difference in the demonstrations four years later , " Gone are the euphoric April 9 cheers of ' Good , Good , Bush ' praising US President George W Bush for ousting the regime .
Angry chants of ' Down with Bush ' are a frequent background to brutal Shiite and Sunni sectarian strife . "
Turning to the topic of war resistance , Dave Zirin discussed with Amy Goodman ( Democracy Now ! ) today one of the more famous war resisters , Muhammad Ali : " And , you know , going back to that Kinshasa fight , I think it 's a great example of the redemptive power of Muhammad Ali , because by that time he was somebody who , you know , had returned to the world of boxing , had fought off through the Supreme Court a five-year prison sentence given down to him by the federal courts , an outrageously high sentence for a draft resister at the time , and by the end , after that fight , he was named 'Sportsman of the Year ' by Sports Illustrated .
So he makes this amazing journey from being the most vilified , hated athlete in the history of the United States -- and I do n't think there 's any contention about that -- to becoming a figure of reconciliation , who was invited by Gerald Ford to the White House to shake hands .
And that 's the thing about Ali , is that he was always bound up in the rhythms of the social movements of the day . "
Denying the social movement today in the New York Times , Paul von Zielbauer writes that self-check outs result soley from PTSD and the military lowering the standards of who is recruited -- no one , to read von Zielbauer 's clampdown of an article , ever self-checks out because they are opposed to the war and he gets that point across , in article noting the increase in court-martials , by refusing to speak to any one who has been court-martialed or to any one who self-checked out and went to Canada .
Someone who does suffer from PTSD and did self-check out because he turned against the illegal war after serving in Iraq is Joshua Key .
