Starting with war resisters , it must have been a full moon .
You had the overgrown "girl " going after war resisters and then you got Little Priss ( at the most laughable student newspaper of any college in the US) doing the same .
It takes a special kind of voice to 'sing ' so passionately about the tough life when Daddy 's a big league coach but we 're not supposed to talk about that , I 'm guessing .
Just like we 're all supposed to pretend Junior 's slug line is in anyway authentic ( Little Boys from Suburbia have nasty cases of Big City Envy that force them to lie -- something that was frowned upon in the private , religious school they attended to avoid mixing with other races ) .
Maybe Little Priss can join the overgrown "girl " and assist her in basket-weaving her home-made maxi-pads .
What has them up in arms ?
A nasty case of toxic shock syndrome ?
No, a hatred of war resisters such as Camilo Mejia whose new book , Road from Ar Ramaid : The Private Rebellion of Staff Sergeant Mejia , will be published by The New Press next month ( May 1st ) .
Kirkus Reviews found it , " Timely , courageous and cautionary . "
Mejia , as noted in Amy Goodman and David Goodman 's Static : Government Liars , Media Cheerleaders and the People Who Fight Back , served six months in Iraq and , after returning to the US , applied for c.o . status and self-checked out of the military .
Mejia was convicted of desertion and sentenced to a year at Fort Still .
Upon release , Mejia declared , " Peace does not come easily , so I tell all members of the military that whenever faced with an order , and everything in their mind and soul , and each and every cell in their bodies scream at them to refuse and resist , then by God do so .
Jail will mean nothing when brekaing the law became their duty to humanity . "
Another quote Camilo Mejia is known for , noted by Eric Ruder ( Socialist Worker ) , is " Behind these bars , I sit a free man because I listened to a higher power , the voice of my conscience . "
Mejia 's book follows Joshua Key 's successful The Deserter 's Tale and joins other books exploring the resistance in the military today including Peter Laufer 's Mission Rejected : U.S. Soldiers Who Say No to Iraq .
Mejia is also featured in the documentary To Disobey .
As Monica Benderman , wife of Iraq war resister Kevin Benderman , has noted , there has been little on resistance in many bookstores .
Monica and Kevin Benderman intend to do their part to change that by writing their own book .
Mejia and Benderman are a part of a movement resistance within the military that also includes Ehren Watada , Dean Walcott , Robert Zabala , Darrell Anderson , Kyle Snyder , Corey Glass , Jeremy Hinzman , Joshua Key , Ricky Clousing , Mark Wilkerson , Agustin Aguayo , Camilo Mejia , Patrick Hart , Ivan Brobeck , Aidan Delgado , Pablo Paredes , Carl Webb , Jeremy Hinzman , Stephen Funk , David Sanders , Dan Felushko , Brandon Hughey , Clifford Cornell , Joshua Despain , Katherine Jashinski , Chris Teske , Matt Lowell , Jimmy Massey , Tim Richard , Hart Viges , Michael Blake and Kevin Benderman .
In total , thirty-eight US war resisters in Canada have applied for asylum .
