For more information on the above , click here .
An article in Germany 's Der Spiegel , by Mary Wiltenburg , mentions Aguayo but it is not about Aguayo .
( About a fifth of the article covers Aguayo . )
Wiltenburg looks at the growing resistance " [o]n military bases across Germany " and , noting there are " no guarantees , " reports : In practice , many soldiers who go AWOL overseas follow the advice of the Army 's deserter hotline and quietly turn themselves in to Ft . Sill or Ft .
Knox .
Ft .
Knox spokeswoman Gini Sinclair says most of the 14,000-plus troops who have been processed through the two centers since the invasion of Aghanistan were discharged within two weeks . "
Wiltenburg speaks with Michael Sharp ( "director of the Military Counseling Network , a non-profitogranisation near Heidelberg that helps American soldiers who are considering leaving the service " ) and reports : " Last month the group took on 30 new clients , three times its previous average . "
Meanwhile , Carolyn Tate and Maizie Harris Jesse ( Nevada Appeal ) note : " Thirty-nine years ago in March , the horrible incident at Mai Lai in Vietnam occurred .
When Lt . William Calley was court martialed , he insisted he was just following orders .
Remarks were made at the time that he should have disobeyed and refused to kill civilians .
Now they are trying to court martial Lt . Ehren Watada for refusing to deploy to Iraq .
Lt . Watada has said he will go to Afghanistan and fight , but not Iraq , because he believes it to be an 'illegal ' war ( we agree ) .
Double standard ?
Is it his Mai Lai ?
Or is he derelict for not following orders ?
Think about it . "
Yesterday on The KPFA Evening News , Aaron Glantz reported on the army 's decision to refile charges against Ehren Watada last Friday .
Eric Seitz , Watada 's civilian attorney , stated , " It is my professional opinion that Lt . Watada cannot be tried again because of the effects of double-jeopardy . . . .
Once jeopardy has attached and it clearly did attach in this case when the jury panel was sworn in and when the first witness testified the protection against double-jeopardy applies as a Constitutional matter . "
Jeff Paterson ( Courage to Resist , Not In Our Name ) told Glantz : " The military wanted to avoid showing to all the other people , all the other troops who are facing 2nd and 3rd and 4th deployments to Iraq is that if you do n't go to Iraq and you speak out , you 'll have a thousand people rally to your defense , pay all your legal bills , Sean Penn will hang out with you and [you will ] go to prison for a few months or do you go to Iraq ?
And I think some people would go for that deal of the public support and spending a few months in prison instead of Iraq . "
Glantz also noted that Mark Wilkerson was sentenced to seven months last Thursday and that he will be imprisoned until September (unless he is released early ) .( Glantz '
report also aired on yesterday 's Free Speech Radio News ) .
This month is an anniversary as well .
First Coast News ' Shannon Ogden noted : " This month is also the anniversary of Camilo Mejia 's release from military prison . "
Mejia was released on February 15 , 2005 .
Mejia self-checked out of the military after serving in Iraq and received a one-year sentence .
Odgen spoke with Camilo Mejia who states , " You know , I could n't really justify , I 'd say , 90 percent of the things we did in Iraq . "
He also offers that " the entire invasion lacked authority . . . it was not in response to an attack on the US. " Echoing the issue Tate and Harris Jesse raised above , Mejia noted , " In the military , we have a duty to refuse an order that we know is illegal . "
He also notes , " Absolutley .
And I do feel like a coward but not for not going back but for going in the first place .
Because I knew the war was wrong from the beginning . "
Odgen mentioned that Mejia will soon begin a lecture tour behind his upcoming autobiography .
That book is Road from ar Ramadi : The Prviate Rebellion of Staff Sergeant Camilo Mejia -- due out May 1st , from The New Press , with an afterword written by Chris Hedges .
