Is it 200 more signatures to a useless petition since then ?
" Patriotic ! " they keep insisting !
" Would n't want to do anything that was n't okay with the military ! "
they brag .
Is that really something to brag about , 200 more ?
Almost two months later ?
Does the toothless , symbolic petition have a point because most points have an ending but this is never ending -- or maybe the egos are just too mighty to nah-nah-nah-good-bye already .
" I support continuing to do the mission , " an e-activst with Appeal to Whimper told Dennis Bernstein .
That would be the illegal war .
It 's past time that the peace movement and the anti-war movement stopped promoting those people who ca n't call the war out .
Patrick Buchanan showed more bravery than these supposed anti-war activists .
Dennis Bernstein attempted to bring up the issue of the principles outlined in the Nuremberg Trials .
And the response ?
" I chose to wear this uniform and I 'm going to continue to do what I 'm paid to do .
But at the same time , I do n't think there 's anything wrong with petitioning Congress in this appeal for redress to say ' Hey , we could use a little help over here . '
So that 's my thing , I think that we should be able to appeal for redresses and at the same time getting on with the business of what we volunteered and are paid to do and that 's uh go where we 're told and do what we 're told " at which point Jonathan Hutto tries to rescue his pro-war buddy .
It 's too late for a rescue .
And it 's past time that the left leave the nonsense e-activism to the 'left ' .
Segment one plays out like a joke .
Segment two is worth hearing ( featuring Iraq War Veterans Against the War ) as Garrett Reppenhagen , Prentice Reid and Jason Lemieux speak strongly ( no whimpers in this segment ) .
( This is the section Elaine chose to start with when she wrote about the broadcast last night . )
Reid spoke of participating in a protest in support of Mark Wilkerson because he feels the war is wrong .
He feels the war is wrong .
It 's not that difficult to say -- unless , like the Hutto crowd , you 've attempted to pass yourself off as something you 're not and surrounded yourself with War Hawks just to get a electronic signature on your petition .
( What might you do for a wet signature ! )
Reid 's not been polished and does n't have a crew of advisors , but he can speak proudly and strongly .
Garrett spoke of his service and how Iraq was different from the way it was sold ,
" I think that the administration bascially abused our sense of patriotism our sense of courage and our sense of values to motivate this nation to back the war .
And I was n't happy about it .
So the people I killed in Iraq and the missions I went on I do n't feel supported American security , I do n't think that it was very moral and just what we did ,
and it went against what I was actually being trained for , as far as army values ,
