Information on war resistance within the military can be found at Center on Conscience & War , The Objector , The G.I. Rights Hotline , and the War Resisters Support Campaign .
Courage to Resist offers information on all public war resisters .
Al Jazeera reports on Abu Fares who left Iraq with his family but returned after the start of the illegal war in 2003 which he felt was cause for hope and return ( the disposing of Saddam Hussein ) only to discover that " Everything was chaos .
We spent days with no water or electricity .
I had to write my will every time I wanted to leave the house . "
The family has now returned to Iran with no plans to return to Iraq .
The issue of refugees is one that Dahr Jamail and Ali al Fadhilly have reported on at length for IPS and Dahr has also reported on it frequently for Flashpoints .
Last Tuesday , on Flashpoints , Dahr spoke with Emily Howard about the refugee problem and the refusal to address it by it the US.
He noted that those fortunate enough to afford to leave ( buying their way out of arrests frequently ) become internal refugees ( wandering or living in refugee tents ) or else the become external refugees who leave the country .
Friday on KPFA 's The Morning Show , Dahr spoke with Andrea Lewis and Aaron Glantz about the Iraqi refugees who had gone to Syria and noted , " I have updated numbers from meeting with Sybella Wilkes yesterday who is the UNHCR regional public information officer .
And according to UNHCR , there are , there 's 1.2 million is the minimum estimate they have in Syria alone .
The governement of Syria , who UNHCR admitted probably has more accurate figures than they do , estimates there 's between 1.4 and 1.5 million Iraqi refugees here , hundreds of thousands of those are Shia as well .
I think people in the US are led to believe that it 's only the Sunni population that 's leaving and , while they are the majority , it 's important to note that there 's a giant number and growing number of Shia up here in Syria as well .
But really the situation is really -- even just those numbers , as if they 're not staggering enough by themselves -- the situation here is UNHCR has only actually registered approximately 70,000 of these people .
So that means these are only the 70,000 that literally have so little of anything that they have to literally go there for food and in some way to find some housing .
So the crisis is certainly going to grow exponentially as these other Iraqis here , and I have met with many of them , are living on their savings right now .
What are they going to do when their savings run out ?
Syria right now has approximately a 20 to 25 % unemployment rate .
Add in another between 1.2 to 1.5 million Iraqis , so already that figure is too low .
And as time persists , of course , the situation will worsen .
And we have between 30 and 50,000 more Iraqis coming into Syria alone every single month . "
[ Those unable to listen to the broadcast can click here for that and other remarks by Dahr. ]
