[ I’m updating with pictures , which I could n’t easily add to the post when I wrote it on the library computers near where I was getting a smog check .
You’ll be happy to hear I passed my smog check .
And so did my car .
Ba DUMP bump. ]
For Valentine 's Day , George Bush presents us with a bouquet of bullshit press conference .
He says he 's been talking with Petraeus (aka Capt .
Combover ) : " We talked about the fact that our coalition troops that are heading into Baghdad will be arriving on time .
In other words , I 'm paying attention to the schedule of troop deployments to make sure that they 're there , " adding , I 'm taking attendance .
I 'm reading out their names , and when they hear their names , they 'll answer with Here , or Present , or Yo , or Surging .
He says Iraqi and US military forces are coordinating .
" In other words , there 's good conversation , constant conversation between the commanders of our troops and their troops , and that 's a positive development . "
Granted , they do n't speak the same language , and we fired all our interpreters because they were all gay and stuff , but still ... constant conversation .
" What was that ? " " I did n't understand you . "
" I'll speak a little louder , maybe you 'll understand me then . "
" I fully recognize we 're not going to be able to stop all suicide bombers .
I know that .
But we can help secure that capital ; help the Iraqis secure that capital so that people have a sense of normalcy" .
Normalcy with suicide bombers .
Normalcy plus , we 're calling it .
" I believe that success in Baghdad will have success in helping us secure the homeland . "
Asked how he knows Iranian leaders are responsible for EFPs in Iraq , he admits he does n't .
Fortunately , that 's irrelevent : " Either they knew or did n't know , and what matters is , is that they 're there .
What 's worse , that the government knew or that the government did n't know ? "
I do n't recall him asking that question about Abu Ghraib .
Then he twice called Iran " Iraq " ( " We have a comprehensive strategy to deal with Iraq [sic] .
There 's a variety of issues that we have with Iraq [sic] . " )
which is almost ridiculously telling .
Then he went out of his way to praise Iran , saying " Iran is an unbelievably vital nation . "
And boy does he plan to change that .
" It 's got a great history , it 's got wonderful traditions " .
None of the reporters asked him to name any of those traditions or recite any of that history .
Asked whether Iraq is in a civil war , he whittered on for a bit , then was asked the question again and said , "it 's hard for me , living in this beautiful White House , to give you an assessment , firsthand assessment . "
Funny , I can tell pretty clearly from my home .
Guess it 's just not beautiful enough .
When talking about the Congressional resolution , he repeatedly used the word "opinion , " as in " they 're just like assholes , everyone has one , " as if Congressional resolutions were of no more consequence than " I thought that episode of the Gilmore Girls was kind of lame . "
postCount ( '2-14-07 2' ) ;
