Kyle Snyder : I joined when I was 19 . . .
I sat back , I put my weapon down beside me , and then , ba , ba , ba , ba , ba , real quick , very , very loud , I could just remember the look on the man 's face . . . .
I was a .50
cal .
machine gunner and I was an escort for very high-ranking officials .
What drew the line for me was one mission in particular where I had witnessed an innocent civilian shot in front of me . . . .
I was first angry at that .
And then I became angry at the fact that there were no repercussions .
This -- there was nothing done to prevent this from happening again . . . .
I made my decision off of the things that I personally witnessed in Iraq .
I did n't just wake up one morning and say , ' I 'm going to leave my country , I 'm going to leave my friends behind , I 'm going to leave everything that I know and everything that I love and built my entire life on , ' nobody does that . . . .
I can walk around shops here and , you know , I see "war resisters welcome here " signs .
I see community getting involved and getting together .
High schoolers come up and say , what can I do to support the anti-war movement ?
Meanwhile , Canada 's Chronicle Herald reports , " Police have initiated an investigation into " Snyder 's arrest " which will be conducted by the Abbotsford police " .
Snyder was pulled from the home he shares with Ryan and Jen Johnson , the day before his wedding , arrested in his boxers and carried to a jail where he was held ( still in his boxers ) for several hours as a result of some sort of 'special ' and 'unofficial ' deal between the police and the US military .
Glass , Key , Snyder and Johnson are part of a movement of resistance within the military that also includes Ehren Watada , Darrell Anderson , Joshua Key , Dean Walcott , Ricky Clousing , Mark Wilkerson , Agustin Aguayo , Camilo Mejia , Patrick Hart , Ivan Brobeck , Aidan Delgado , Pablo Paredes , Carl Webb , Jeremy Hinzman , Stephen Funk , David Sanders , Dan Felushko , Brandon Hughey , Clifford Cornell , Joshua Despain , Katherine Jashinski , Chris Teske , Matt Lowell , Jimmy Massey , Tim Richard , Hart Viges , Michael Blake and Kevin Benderman .
In total , thirty-eight US war resisters in Canada have applied for asylum.Information on war resistance within the military can be found at Center on Conscience & War , The Objector , The G.I. Rights Hotline , and the War Resisters Support Campaign .
Courage to Resist offers information on all public war resisters .
In the United States , the press continues to believe that claims of a withdrawal garner more interest than headlines of " Some Troops May Come Home . . .
Someday . "
The realities were addressed on yesterday 's Flashpoints :
Meanwhile in Washington the Senate a sort time ago passed a long discussed resolution that ties military funding to non-specific suggestions that President Bush accept the goal but not the requirement of removing less than half of the 150,000 US occupation troops from Iraq by the unenforceable deadline of March 2008 .
Nevertheless , President Bush has promised a veto .
Today 's 51 to 47 vote was mostly along party lines and now the Senate and House must resolve their respective legislation neither of which require a full withdrawal of US troops from Iraq till well after the installation of the next American president .
And that 's some of the news this Thursday , March 29th , 2007 .
From exile , I 'm Robert Knight .
