Robert Knight : Also in Iraq , a spokesperson for Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani is today denying reports that Sistani rejected a new draft law that would allow former members of the Baath party to retain or regain government employment .
Sistani 's Beriut based representive , Hamed al-Kafaf said , " What some news agencies said , quoting who they described as an aide to al-Sistani about his position on the de-Baathification law was not true . "
Recent reports that Sistani was against the draft law can be traced to a meeting earlier this week between Sistani and the prevaracating US intelligence asset Ahmed Chalabi who heads the so-called de-Baathification commission and who remains dead set against an easment of the anti-Baath legislation imposed by the occupation forces .
Sistani 's representative added , " We are surprised by attempts trying to get the Shia clerical establisment involved in a case which is the speciality of constitutional organizations . "
And in other news , the overnight release of 15 British sailors by the Iranian government has generated mixed signals in what some say was a quid pro quo that in regard to the 5 Iranian diplomats who were seized last Janurary by American forces in Iraq .
Iranian media reported overnight that an Iranian diplomatic official would be allowed to meet with the five diplomatic detainees .
But Secreatary of Defense Robert Gates said today that the Bush administration was not planning to release the five who were abducted in a raid on the Iranian consulate 's office in the northern Iraqi city of Ibril .
And in a related note , a captain among the detained British sailors who were released was revealed to have admitted that there mission the Shaw al abray waterway between Ira1 and Iran , unsurprisingly did indeed involve elements of intelligence gathering Britain' s Murdoch owned Sky News is reporting today that Sky News went on patrol with Captain Chris Air and his team in Iraqi waters close to the area where they were arrested and just five days
before the crisis began , in an interview recorded the Thursday before the seizure that happened two weeks ago , Captain Air stated to the interviewer that his crew 's assignment was " To gather intelligence .
If they do not have any information because they 're there for days at a time , the people on the boats can share it with us .
Whether it 's about piracy or any sort of Iranian activity in the area obviously we 're right by the bufferzone with Iran . "
And that 's some of the news of this Thursday April 5 , 2007 .
From exile in New York , I 'm Robert Knight for Flashpoinsts .
Amy Goodman ( Democracy Now ! ) notes today that " British Defense Secretary Des Browne defended the intelligence operation .
Browne said it was important to gather intelligence to 'keep our people safe ' . "
Goodman also noted that Sky News sat on the story "until the release of the sailors . "
Turning to other lies of war , R. Jeffrey Smith ( Washington Post ) reports today that a US Defense Department report ( declassifired yesterday and written by Inspector General Thomas F. Gimble ) states the obvious -- in 2002 the CIA and the Defense Intelligence Agency both knew the claims that Saddam Hussein had a links to al Qaeda were incorrect .
Smith notes the report was released yesterday , "on the same day that Vice President Cheney , appearing on Rush Limbaugh 's radio program , repeated his allegation that al-Qaeda was operating inside Iraq 'before we ever launched ' the war " .
Dick Cheney 's remarks are not merely 'incorrect , ' they are lies .
Peter Speigel ( Los Angeles Times ) reports that " The Defense Intelligence Agency and the CIA each 'published reports that disavowed any "mature , symbiotic " cooperation between Iraq and Al Qaeda , ' the inspector general 's report found . "
AP notes that US Senator Carl Levin "requested that the Pentagon declassify the report prepared by acting Defense Department Inspector General Thomas F. Gimble .
In a statement Thursday , Levin said the declassified document showed why a Defense Department investigation had concluded that some Pentagon prewar intelligence work was inappropriate . "
Strangely in the face of Cheney 's lies about terrorism , Michael Ware ( CNN) reports that the US military is currently protecting a non al Qaeda group in Iraq that the US State Department has "labeled a terrorist organization " -- Mujahedeen-e-Khalq ( MEK ) -- and that " [t]he U.S. military . . .
regularly escorts MEK supply runs between Baghdad and its base , Camp Ashraf . "
Why ? MEK is an anti-Iranian group .
Ware reports that the Iraqis government wants the group out and quotes Iraq 's National Security Minister Shirwan al-Wa'eli stating , " We gave this organization a six-month deadline to leave Iraq , and we informed the Red Cross .
And presumably our friends the Americans will respect our decision and they will not stay on Iraqi land . "
