Elaine of Like Maria Said Paz ,
i swiped that from third estate sunday review .
why ? i 'm having the worst computer problems .
when i copied and pasted my 1st highlight , the ap story .
the whole thing went screwy .
i was trying to figure out what was going on when the phone rang and flyboy grabbed it .
he starts to hand it to me and i say , 'whoever it is tell them i 'll call them back . ' flyboy says , 'it 's c.i . ' i snatched the phone and screamed , 'help ! ' at that moment , the computer was moving so slow ( a good thing - it started moving slow as soon i copy and pasted the thing from ap ) and c.i . said 'hit the x button at the top right now ! '
i did . it was trying to take me to some ad page .
and doing that would mean leaving my post which would mean losing my post .
c.i . said , 'save it !
right now ! ' i did that .
it 's a pain in the butt since .
i 'll run a virus scan after i get this posted .
but i 'm just copying and pasting mike , c.i . and elaine 's sites - i 've mentioned them in the post and my readers should know who they are but for visitors ...
c.i . said mike had problems tonight as well and could n't get his post to work .
so i 'm supposed to call c.i . back if i ca n't get this to post .
but thank you to c.i . for calling .
and i ca n't scroll up .
there 's a thing somewhere that should say 'e-mails and calanders . ' it just says 'e-mails . ' add 'and calanders ' because i ca n't move the screen up to get to it .
here 's c.i . 's ' Iraq snapshot : '
Monday , March 27 , 2007 .
Chaos and violence continue in Iraq , KPFK Lila Garrett ( Connect the Dots ) and , on WBAI 's Law and Disorder , guest Anthony Arnove note that the Pelosi measure that pass Friday is full of holes ( on KPFA the myth that all US troops will be brought home continues to be broadcast -- again , Charlie Gibon 's not the only one who needs someone to do on air corrections for his 'news ' delivered ) , Zalmay gets a good-bye farewell from the Iraqi resistance , and , for news on Iran , stick with Patrick Cockburn .
On KPFK 's Connect the Dots with Lila Garrett today , Garrett spoke with US House Reps Barbara Lee and Dennis Kuckinich -- both of whom voted against the Pelosi measure and Dennis Kucinich is also running to be the Democratic Presidential nominee in 2008 .
Garrett : What is good in this bill ?
Lee : Just having the House of Representatives establishing a timeline is good .
Whether you agree or disagree with the timeline , whether it 's enforceable is another question . . . .
Garrett : Barbara Lee , we want to know what 's enforceable ?
Is the banning of permanent bases enforceable ?
Is the banning of torture enforceable ?
Lee : It 's enforceable if the Bush administration wants to follow the law .
But , remember now , he 's going to veto this bill and , remember , the only enforceability that you can require on a supplemental bill is taking him to court -- Congress can take the Bush administration to court .
But how many times have you seen the Congress take the administration to court ?
