that would be harold ford jr. 's uncle .
that family has had one scandal after another ( including a member having to leave the state senate due to corruption charges , a relative being elected to replace him , the relative being stripped of the 'win' when voting 'irregularities ' were exposed ) .
harold ford is of course now a lobbyist .
that 's daddy .
i 'm not talking about junior .
junior is now working for fox 'news ' as a commentator .
surprising only because the dumb ass nation could n't tell you about how awful little junior was .
as i noted here on election night , when junior lost , there was an idiot ( c.b. ) praising him some junior , loving him some junior .
a supposedly lefty who was just trying to get in with the political machinary that was the ford family ( i use 'was ' intentionally ) , if you ask me . he was a joke and he was n't going to run . he tried to run to the right of his republican opponent .
he was for continuing the illegal war , he was against abortion , he was against gay marriage , he was toting the bible around with him on campaign stops ( do n't pin your problems on god , junior , they are your own problems ) and , of course , junior was campaigning in front of a confederate flag .
so junior deserved to lose and we 're better off with 1 less blue dog , center-right faux dem in the senate .
but that 'dynasty ' has so much corruption swirling around it and the dumb ass nation did n't want to tell you about that , and c.b . knows which side his bread is buttered on ( he eats a lot of bread and butter ) and he was all over junior .
junior lost for 2 reasons .
dem 's do n't want republicans , they want dems and that family has too much scandal around it .
okay , time for c.i . 's ' Iraq snapshot ' and what are there ?
50 links in this thing ?
just last week , c.i . was saying the snapshots would be shorter ( that 's not a complaint , we all love them packed with info , but it 's a lot of work to get all that info into a snapshot ) :
Monday , March 19 , 2007 .
Chaos and violence continue in Iraq .
Four years after the start of the illegal war , the illegal war continues .
Raymond Whitaker ( Independent of London ) notes that the number of US troops is about to climb to 160,000 which is 10,000 more than was required to invade Iraq .
John Simpson ( BBC ) observes , of Baghdad , " The most common sight , apart from police and army roadblocks , are the black banners on walls and fences announcing people 's deaths .
And the most common feeling you come across is a kind of slow-burning , gloom . "
Tariq Ali ( New Left Review ) notes that " the Occupation is still -- after three years and an outlay of over $ 200 billion -- unable to assure regular supplies of water and electricity to the people it has subjegated .
Factories remain idle .
Hospitals and schools barely function .
Oil revenues have been looted wholesale by America 's loyal minions , not to speak of a horde of US contractors on the take .
Wretched as living conditions were for the majority of the population under UN sanctions , under the Americans they have deteriorated yet further , a sectarian killings multiply and minimal security disappears . "
And the continued violence means people are uprooted as Anthony Arnove ( writing at TomGram ) reminds , " Nowhere on Earth is there a worse refugee crisis than in Iraq today .
According to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees , some two million Iraqis have fled their country and are now scattered from Jordan , Syria , Turkey , and Iran to London and Paris .
( Almost none have made it to the United States , which has done nothing to address the refugee crisis it created . )
Another 1.9 million are estimated to be internally displaced persons , driven from their homes and neighborhoods by the U.S. occupation and the vicious civil war it has sparked .
Add those figures up -- and they 're getting worse by the day -- and you have close to 16 % of the Iraqi population uprooted .
Add the dead to the displaced , and that figure rises to nearly one in five Iraqis . "
Damein Cave ( New York Times ) reports today on the "endless loop of inquiry and disappointment " that is the search for family members who have disappeared and may or may not be dead -- Intisar Rashid searches for her husband who disappeared two months ago , searching computer databases of prisoners , searching the morgues , the hospitals in Baghdad . . .
Is her husband alive or dead ?
Will she ever get an answer ?
Many of the Iraqi dead are never identified .
Returning to Arnove 's article , he also notes the ( PDF format ) Lancet 's study published in October which found that over 655,000 Iraqis had died during the illegal war .
Amy Goodman ( Democracy Now ! ) noted that Dr. Gideon Polya has just released a study which find that there have been " an estimate of one million post-invasion excess deaths in Iraq . "
Dr. Polya writes ( at The Canadian National Newspaper ) that : " The 1 million post-invasion Iraqi excess deaths constitutes an Iraqi Holocaust largely due to U.S.-led ' Coalition ' violation of the Geneva Conventions that demand that Occupiers keep their conquered subjects ALIVE.
Three quarters of the people are women and children .
The Bush regime ' War on Terror ' is in harsh reality , a ' War on innocent Women and Children , ' and more specifically a ' War on Asian/Middle Eastern Women and Children' . "
A point underscored in MADRE 's " Promising Democracy , Imposing Theocracy : Gender-Based Violence and the US War on Iraq " ( which can be read in full in PDF format or , by sections , in HTML ) which charted the decline/destruction of women 's rights and women 's safety in Iraq as the US government elected to throw in its lot with those that they expected to be most likely to push the US administration 's goals -- goals that did not include full participation in society for all .
Women found themselves terrorized , professional women found themselves targeted , rapes , honor killings , and more ran rampant but the US military did nothing to maintain order or to offer protection -- quite the contrary , they actively looked the other way .
In The Deserter 's Tale , US war resister Joshua Key tells of a young Iraqi girl attempting to return to her country at the border , being the target of the Iraqi police ( that the US military was training ) who thought she was a " slut " and made it clear ( through verbal language and body language ) that they would be gang raping her while the US military looked the other way .
MADRE 's report makes clear that these were n't accidents or surprises ( warnings were made before the illegal war began about what would happen to Iraqi women and girls ) but the 'trade offs ' the US administration was willing to tolerate to put a compliant government in order .
And in their desire to create chaos , to take it to "zear zero " as Naomi Klein outlined in " Baghdad Year Zero " ( Harper 's magazine , 2004 ) .
The chaos was thought to throw everyone off guard and allow the US to control ( and " shape " ) the region ( hegemony , control of the resources ) , as professor Elaine C. Hagopian pointed out ( noting neocon Michael Ledeen 's control theories ) in a discussion moderated by Philip Maldari on KPFA 's The Morning Show today .
Also participating in the discussion was professor Raul Mahajan and while that discussion featured one male guest and one female guest , the reality is that too often women are left out of the discussion and debate .
You can see that with Rolling Stone 's overly praised text version of a CNN panel on Iraq : " Here 's an ex-general , here 's a . . .
but no women allowed . "
RadioNation with Laura Flanders ' Laura Flanders ( writing at The Huffington Post ) opens with : " Call me crazy but it still gets my goat that the entire Iraq debate takes place without the input of the female majority . "
Flanders is n't crazy and if women 's voices had n't been shut out ( in the majority of the US media ) from the beginning , the nation might have turned against the illegal war much sooner .
As Eleanor Smeal , president of Feminist Majority Foundation , noted on KPFA 's The Morning Show ( March 8 , 2007 ) , in the US , women have led on the war , they have been opposed to it in larger numbers and they have been , as she noted , "opinion makers " on this issue .
Eleanor 's points are backed in up poll after poll but you can check out Celinda Lake 's " The Ms. Poll " ( Ms.
magazine , Summer 2006 ) and Eleanor 's " Women Voted for Change " in the Winter 2007 issue (available only in print but there 's an excerpt of it here ) .
In other polling news , AFP notes the new media poll that found (among other things ) : " About 78 percent [of Iraqis ] opposed the presence of foreign forces and 69 percent said their presence made the security situation worse . "
And thing will only continue to get worse .
For instance , Andy Rowell ( Oil Change International ) notes that puppet of the occupation , Nouri al-Maliki , has been told that " continued White House support depended on positive action on the oil law by the close of this parliamentary session June 30 ."
Rowell also notes a meeting in Amman , Jordan among " Iraqi oil industry officials , expert and lawmakers " with many participants expressing their dismay at the selling/stealing of Iraqi assets .
AFP reports that Iraqi parliamentarian Ali Mashhadani stated : " Our oil wealth is black gold that must be kept underground until security conditions are appropriate to take advantage of it .
It has been entrusted to our safekeeping by the people we represents . . .
Iraq has sold 125 billion dollars worth of oil since the start of the US-led occupation " but Iraqis "are eating garbage " and that the 125 billion should have resulted in a subsidy bump for the average Iraqi .
And mini-big picture , that 's where things stand on the 4th anniversary of the start of the illegal war .
