that 's it for me tonight .
here 's c.i . 's ' Iraq snapshot : '
Monday , April 16 , 2007 .
Chaos and violence continue , Moqtada al-Sadr 's walks out on the Iraqi parliament , a spoiled brat gets a public spanking , the US military announces the deaths of two more service members in Iraq , and Norman Solomon , Howard Zinn , and Noam Chomsky talk realities of war with Andrea Lewis and Amy Goodman .
Starting with news of war resistance .
The sound you here is a long WHIIIIINE as a spoiled brat gets a public spanking .
Clancy Sigal ( at The Daily Trojan ) walks spoiled brat through some basic realities in his response column to the realities of broken contracts :
We 've been here before during Vietnam , when the desertion rate skyrocketed as soldiers , sailors and marines began to realize what a bogus , pointless war it was .
War-resistance inside the military , including going AWOL , finally broke the Army and forced the Nixon administration to the bargaining table .
Once again we 're faced with a dilemma : Who violated the 'contrat ' -- the government or the runaway soldiers ?
Pope Benedict XVI deserted the Nazi Wehrmacht .
Muhammad Ali refused to serve in the Vietnam War , which he believed was racist and warranted .
And so it goes .
Does the U.S. government , and its military and Veterans Administration , honor or dishonor its 'contract ' by forcing combat-weary GIs back into battle through its notorious 'stop loss ' policy of refusing to discharge soldiers on due ldate and extending their deployments in a horrendous civil war ?
Does the Pentagon honor its obligation when it sends medically unfit soldiers back to the meat-grinder - and , again notoriously , without the proper equipment or weapons ?
Again , the sound you hear is a pampered , spolied brat getting a public spanking via Clancy Sigal .
In other news of war resisters , Bully Boy 's escalation has had many effects -- more Iraqis killed , more US service members killed and Linjamin Mull , Patrick Maloney ( Canoe News ) reports , reached the decision to self-check out of the US military and move to Canada following Bully Boy 's announcement .
Linjamin Mull was a NYC social worker who signed up as a result of " a crushing student debt " and achieved the rank of specialist in the army .
Meanwhile , Jenny Deam ( Denver Post ) reports on Justin Colby who served as a medic in Iraq and made the decision to self-check out on July 4th of last year and moved to Canada .
Deam notes , " Army figures released last week show 1,710 soldiers have deserted in the past six months .
The numbers are rising as the war goes on : 3,101 walked away between October 2005 and October 2006 ; 2,659 walked away during the 12 months before . "
Yes , it is a movement , a growing movement , an ever growing movement .
Mull and Colby are part of a movement of war resistance within the military that also includes Dean Walcott ,
Ehren Watada ( whose next court-martial is scheduled for July 16th ) , Camilo Mejia , Robert Zabala , Darrell Anderson , Kyle Snyder , Corey Glass , Jeremy Hinzman , Joshua Key , Ricky Clousing , Mark Wilkerson , Agustin Aguayo , Camilo Mejia , Patrick Hart , Ivan Brobeck , Aidan Delgado , Pablo Paredes , Carl Webb , Jeremy Hinzman , Stephen Funk , David Sanders , Dan Felushko , Brandon Hughey , Clifford Cornell , Joshua Despain , Katherine Jashinski , Chris Teske , Matt Lowell , Jimmy Massey , Tim Richard , Hart Viges , Michael Blake and Kevin Benderman .
In total , thirty-eight US war resisters in Canada have applied for asylum .
