Staying with the crazies , the Giddiest Gabor in the Green Zone , little Willie Caldwell , grabbed his feather boa and marched before reporters to declare , " They 're arming the insurgents , dahling . "
With the five Iranian diplomats still not released ( and US military command announcing today that they were n't going to be ) , Little Willie strutted and made broad statements .
Or , as the BBC put it , "accused . "
AFP also uses the ( accurate ) terminology , noting that Little Willie "accused the Iranians of training Iraqi groups on how to assemble explosively-formed projecticles -- a type of armour-piercing roadside bomb that has caused many coalition casualties . "
Lauren Frayer , AP 's frequent embed , paid to write for a living , somehow fails to utilize "accused " once ; however , she did take down good stenography for Little Willie and deploy the term " said " eight times in a 300 plus word 'report ' ( 324 -- check my math ) .
In other Press Shames , Joe Strupp ( Editor & Publisher ) reports what 's what at The Savannah Morning News these days .
On their front page , they are now running a column by Major General Rick Lynch -- at least it may be by him .
The paper 's editor , Susan Catron , asked of the names at the end of Lynch 's opinion column offers happily , " I ca n't tell if they wrote it or not . "
Catron also reveals that the paper is not paying the general for his column .
Hmmm .
The editor ca n't state for the record whether or not the column was written by the general and this weekly column ( carried on the front page ) requires no payment to the writer ?
For many , that would be enough to raise red flags but Catron 's still recovering from the mighty Sunday comics war that so drained the paper 's resources
Strupp reveals that the newspaper staff believes ( and they are right ) that if the column belongs anywhere , it is "on the opinion page . . .
Is this appropriate for a 50,000-reader newspaper that purports to be free from government influence ?
Staff members feel it has undermined the newspaper 's credibility and independence . "
Turning to news of attempts to increase leisure time , AP reports that the US " White House is considering naming a high-powered official to oversee the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and report directly to President Bush" .
There seems to be some confusion here so let 's turn to the US Constitution , Article II , section 2 which reads :
The President shall be Commander in Chief of the Army and Navy of the United States , and of the Militia of the several States , when called into the actual Service of the United States ; he may require the Opinion , in writing , of the principal Officer in each of the executive Departments , upon any Subject relating to the Duties of their respective Offices , and he shall have Power to Grant Reprieves and Pardons for Offences against the United States , except in Cases of Impeachment .
If anyone 's confused ( and apparently the White House is ) the role being discussed is a Constitutionally mandated role for the occupant of the Oval Office .
It 's really not something that can be "delegated . "
Possibly Bully Boy 's all tuckered out from his vacation in Crawford ?
Mimi Kennedy ( writing at Truthout ) notes that Camp Casey was in full swing in Crawford last weekend with the Bully Boy in town .
Kennedy reports that Friday was spent at the checkpoint singing " We Shall Overcome " and chanting " We are here with Cindy/We 're here to ask/ What noble Cause/We are here with Cindy now " dying Easter eggs and singing ; with Saturday revolving around Pink Police actions .
On the topic of CODEPINK , they have redesigned their website adding many new features and one of the new campaigns revolves around the video " Toy Soldiers " -- watching it and passing it on .
