Noting that this pattern/model can be found in Iran and Algeria as well as Afghanistan ( which the US more recently swore would provide would provide 'democracy ' and 'liberation , ' and the US government 's long history of backing brutal regimes in order to have access to the area 's natural resources , this section concludes : " This economic interest has trumped ideological concerns about 'freedom ' or 'democracy ' ( though US actions are always presented in these lofty terms at home ) .
On the ground , the US cultivated Islamists as an alternative to the rule of socialists or Arab nationalists ( like Saddam Hussein ) , who were less amenable to US control over their countries ' reserves of oil and natural gas .
Despite the myth of a 'clash of civilizations ' between Islam and 'the West , ' the US has been very comfortable with reactionary , theocratic leaders in the Middle East . "
Mithre J. Sandrasagra ( IPS) covers the findings of the report and the presentation of it on Tuesday : " Unfortunately , neither the mainstream press , the alternative media , nor the anti-war movement has identified the connections between the attack on Iraqi women and the spiraling violence that has culminated in civil war , according to MADRE.
But , violence against women is not incidental to Iraq 's mountin civilian death toll and civil war -- it is key to understanding the wider crisis .
Indeed the twin crises plauging Iraqi civilians -- gender based violence and civil war -- are deeply intertwined , the report said . "
That describes much of the coverage but seems especially important with regards to Allison Stevens ( Women 's eNews ) who writes : " Preoccupied with the Sunni-led insurgency , the U.S. military has not been able to stem the rising tide of gender-based violence , according to the report . "
According to the report ?
Try reading the report .
There 's no basis for that bit of nonsense .
The report clearly conveys warnings were made before the illegal war started , the US government elected to ignore the warning .
On the ground in Iraq , the US military and US provisional government chose to look the other way .
Where Stevens is getting that the U.S. military would be doing something about this continued targeting and terrorizing of women were it not for a Sunni-led insurgency is a mystery , but it 's not to be found in the report .
( In fact , section three , which we 'll go over tomorrow , refutes that claim but the claim has been refuted in every section . )
The results in Iraq today are not accidental and they are not incidental -- they are the result of a clear , historical policy .
That point is made in the conclusion , it is made throughout the report .
Reporting yesterday for Free Speech Radio News , Rebecca Myles conveyed that point -- how the theocracy has come into being not in spite of the US but via financing , arms and training from the US.
Yifat Susskind , the author of the report , writing at Common Dreams , does write " But the US military , preoccupied with battling the Iraqi insurgency , simply ignored the reign of terror that Islamist militias were imposing on women " which is followed immediately by " In fact , the US enabled these attacks : in 2005 , the Pentagon began providing the Shiite Badr Brigade and Mahdi Army with weapons , money , and military training in the hopes that these groups would help combat the Sunni-based insurgency . "
