Contact us at : info@declarationofpeace .org
For updates , visit : www.DeclarationofPeace .org
now , the next thing , let me start with rolling stone magazine which flyboy bought today .
page 64 , of the march 8 , 2007 issue , a sidebar to an article on keith olberman .
in the sidebar , keith offers his thoughts on various people . 1 of them is glen beck .
this olberman : 'a wolf in sheep 's clothing .
a very dangerous bigoted guy who 's selling himself as a pragmatic philsopher .
i do n't think he sees his own bigotry .
there 's something about him that suggests one night he will say something that costs him his career in television . '
i think that 's happened if people would pay attention .
this is from media matters ' ' Discussing racy photos , Beck to female guest : " I 've got some time and a camera .
Why do n't you stop by ? " :'
On the February 28 edition of his CNN Headline News program , Glenn Beck once again made sexually suggestive comments toward a woman when he hosted US Weekly 's Dina Sansing to discuss racy photographs of American Idol contestant Antonella Barba .
After Beck claimed that " [y]ou ca n't take stupid photos and expect those to be ... locked away forever , " Sansing responded that it was "possibly " true and that "it depends . "
As the weblog Crooks and Liars noted , Beck then asked : " Dina , I 've got some time and a camera .
Why do n't you stop by ? " Sansing did not respond and , after several seconds of silence , Beck stated : " No ?
OK . "
As Media Matters for America has noted ( here , here , and here ) , in each of the first three episodes of his CNN Headline News show in May 2006 , Beck made sexually suggestive comments to CNN Headline News anchor Erica Hill , who was then giving daily news updates on Beck 's show .
Hill no longer appears on Beck 's program .
As Media Matters for America has noted , ABC recently hired Beck as a "regular commentator " for Good Morning America .
'sansing did not respond and , after several seconds of silence .. . ' that really is uncalled for .
he 's a pig .
it 's not funny , it 's not cute .
and , he 's married .
take that trash off the air . it really tells you where cnn is at today that they think this is 'quality ' programming .
there is no sewer they wo n't crawl through today and you 'd think , after nancy grace , that their cess pool quota would have been met .
janet coleman , debra sweet and daniel ellsberg are talking about how the 2008 elections are like ( sweet ) christmas in january .
coleman compared it to missing blondes in aruba .
ellsberg says it is entertainment and distraction .
and i would say 1 of the most guilty is the nation magazine .
will they be able to get through 1 damn week in 2007 without talking about the election ?
do they have nothing else to talk about ?
do they not get that a war is going on ?
if you ask me , like the democratic party , they want the war to go on because they think that will help the democrats in 2008 .
