Starting with news of war resisters .
In June 0f 2006 , Ehren Watada became the first officer to publicly refuse to deploy to Iraq .
Last week , he faced a court-martial at Fort Lewis in Washington .
Recap : On Monday , the court-martial of Ehren Watada began with jury selection for the military panel ( seven officers were selected ) who would , as Hal Bernton ( Seattle Times ) pointed out , "determine whether Watada spends up to four years in prison in one of the most high-profile cases to be tried at Fort Lewis . "
Watada was facing up to four years in prison and Lt . Col . John Head (aka Judge Toilet ) refused to allow him to argue the reasons why he refused to deploy .
This is why Norman Solomon ( CounterPunch ) called the proceedings " a kangaroo court-martial . " .
On Tuesday , the prosectution presented their case .
Aaron Glantz discussed the day 's events with Sandra Lupien on The KPFA Evening News noting : " The prosecution had 3 witnesses .
It did not go as well as the prosecution would have liked .
Lt . Col Bruce Antonia , who was the prosecution 's star witness , as Lt . Watada 's commander , said that nothing tangibly bad happened from Lt . Watada 's refusal to go to " Iraq and " [a]nother thing that did not go well for the prosecution today was that their own witnesses clearly showed that Lt . Watada tried other methods of expressing . . .
[his opposition ] to the Iraq war , internally within the military , before coming forward to speak to the public . "
Also noting the prosecution 's poor performance on Tuesday ( when they rested their case ) , was civil rights attorney Bill Simpich who told Geoffrey Millard ( Truthout ) : " The prosecution asked too many questions .
By the time it was over , the prosecution witness had become a defense witness because the field was open .
The defense was able to ask nuanced questions , it told the story clearly to the jury . "
On Wednesday , Judge Toilet began talking mistrial and , due to the lousy performance by the prosecution , it was seen as an attempt at a "do over " even before he called the mistrial .
That was last week and , since then , many legal experts have weighed in to offer that , as Watada 's civilian attorney Eric Seitz has stated , Watada ca n't be retried without double-jeopardy entering into the picture .
John Catalinotto ( Socialist Worker ) observes : " Watada 's military defense lawyer -- appointed by the Army -- Capt .
Mark Kim , said that he agreed with Seitz 's interpretation of military law . "
Geov Parrish ( Eat The State ) offers that Watada may have won not just the round but the battle : " How did this happen ?
It happened because one young officer stuck to his principles , even under enormous pressure , and the Army did n't know how to react .
Its handling of the case has allowed Ehren Watada -- young , photogenic , articulate , and deeply moral -- to become a folk hero within the antiwar movement , so much so that even his ( supportive ) parents have become minor celebrities in their own rights .
US House Rep and 2008 presidential candidate Dennis Kucinich issued a statement last week : " The court improperly denied Lt . Watada 's right to a dfense by blocking him from explaining why he believes the war in Iraq is illegal .
Procedural decisions by the court have effectively denied Lt . Watada the right to engage in a protected activity -- freedom of speech .
This [the declaration of a mistrial ] is a significant ruling which empowers people to speak out against this unjust war . "
