Starting with news of war resistance .
Today , City on a Hill Press editorialized in favor of Ehren Watada , the first officer to publicly refuse to deploy to Iraq and the subject of a recent court-martial that ended in a mistrial .
City on a Hill Press notes : " As the house of cards that was constructed to lead us into Iraq continues to fall down , City on a Hill Press salutes US Army First Lieutenant Ehren Watada , who is courageously standing atop the most solid of foundations--the United States Constitution .
The first active-duty soldier to refuse deployment in Iraq and publicly speak out against the war , Lt . Watada has joined the growing group of brave dissenters whose voices and rights are being repressed after questioning the unjust decisions of the Bush Administration .
With the war in Iraq escalating toward more violence and chaos each day , and Bush 's preparations to attack Iran , this country desperately needs the likes of Lt . Watada to fulfill duties as soldiers , as Americans , and as humans . "
Meanwhile The Santa Barbara Independent reports on the January 20-21st Citizens ' Hearing on the Legality of U.S.Actions in Iraq and we 'll note this conclusion from the hearing : " Institute mandatory training of all members to recognize their responsibility not to follow illegal orders that violate international law , and to cease training that may condition soldiers to view civilians as the enemy " .
Ben Hamamoto ( Nichi Bei Times ) reports that Judge Toilet has scheduled the next court-martial of Watada for March 19th but notes Eric Seitz ( Watada 's civilian attorney ) : " It 's my belief that there are going to be serious problems re-instating this case " due to the issue of double-jeopardy and quotes attorney Robert Rusky explaining , " The problem appears to be that the Army wanted to argue that Ehren had implicity stipulated he had a duty to deploy to Iraq once he received his orders . . . .
How can the Army be allowed to argue Ehren had a duty to comply with the deployment order , which necessarily assumes it was a lawful order , while denying Ehren the right to contest that it was a lawful order ?
( The ruling ) inherently and clearly frames the issue .
I think we need to emphasize : the legality of the Iraq invasion that the deployment order was part of . "
Watada is a part of a movement of resistance with the military that includes others such as Agustin Aguayo ( whose court-martial is currently set to begin on March 6th ) , Kyle Snyder , Darrell Anderson , Ivan Brobeck , Mark Wilkerson , Ricky Clousing , Aidan Delgado , Joshua Key , Camilo Meija , Pablo Paredes , Carl Webb , Stephen Funk , David Sanders , Dan Felushko , Brandon Hughey , Jeremy Hinzman , Corey Glass , Patrick Hart , Clifford Cornell , Joshua Despain , Katherine Jashinski , Chris Teske , Matt Lowell , Jimmy Massey and Kevin Benderman .
In total , thirty-eight US war resisters in Canada have applied for asylum.Information on war resistance within the military can be found at Center on Conscience & War , The Objector , The G.I. Rights Hotline , and the War Resisters Support Campaign .
Courage to Resist offers information on all public war resisters .
