It will kill you in the sunshine
Or just as happily in the dark
-- " No One Would Riot For Less " written by Conor Oberst , off Bright Eyes ' Cassadaga
Turning to the topic of war resistance , Paul Rockwell ( CounterPunch ) offers an open letter to Major General Charles Jacoby Jr. where he reviews the court-martial of Ehren Watada .
In June 2006 , Watada became the first officer to refuse to deploy to Iraq .
In February of this year , he became the first officer to be court-martialed for refusing to deploy .
Rockwell notes that the court-martial ended in a mistrial over the objection of the defense , argues that " now is a good time to drop all the charges against the Lieutenant , to bring closure to a trial that , in my opinion , should never have taken place " and concludes that "history will vindicate the courage of Lt . Ehren Watada . "
Pretrial motions are currently scheduled for May 20th through 21st and the court-martial for July 16th .
Watada is represented by the Seattle based Carney Bradley Spellman and his attorneys are Kenneth Kagan and James Lobsenz .
Ehren Watada is part of a movement of resistance within the military that also includes Joshua Key , Robert Zabala , Darrell Anderson , Kyle Snyder , Corey Glass , Ricky Clousing , Mark Wilkerson , Agustin Aguayo , Camilo Mejia , Dean Walcott , Patrick Hart , Ivan Brobeck , Aidan Delgado , Pablo Paredes , Carl Webb , Jeremy Hinzman , Stephen Funk , David Sanders , Dan Felushko , Brandon Hughey , Clifford Cornell , Joshua Despain , Katherine Jashinski , Chris Teske , Matt Lowell , Jimmy Massey , Tim Richard , Hart Viges , Michael Blake and Kevin Benderman .
In total , thirty-eight US war resisters in Canada have applied for asylum .
Information on war resistance within the military can be found at Center on Conscience & War , The Objector , The G.I. Rights Hotline , and the War Resisters Support Campaign .
Courage to Resist offers information on all public war resisters .
At a rally to show support for Ehren Watada , Sara Rich ( AfterDowningStreet .org ) writes , she and her daughter Suzanne Swift turned out to show their support and Swift asked , " Mom , where are the kids my age ?
Where is my generation ? "
Rich goes on to tell her daughter 's story , sexually abused and harassed for the apparent 'crime ' of thinking a woman could serve in the military , Swift was betrayed by the very system she attempted to defend .
As Rich explains , her daughter did not self-check out because of an objection to the war but to save herself when the military refused to do so .
Rich : " Confronting imminent redeployment she went AWOL.
Later the Army would contend that she went AWOL because of her mother 's political beliefs .
I only wished it was that .
If it was because of my political beliefs she never would have gone to Iraq the first place .
Then they tried to say it was because of her own anti war beliefs .
That would have been a dream come true .
But the truth was that my daughter went AWOL out of pure fear ; fear of what her command had done to her in the first deployment and rejection of being treated like a 'deployment whore ' again .
This was not a decision it was a reaction . "
