In other rape news , the New York Times manages to run Andrea Hopkins ( Reuters ) report on Paul Cortez ' confession to taking part in the gang rape of Abeer Qassim Hamza al-Janabi .
Yet it 's a selectively edited version of Hopkins report , one that somehow manages to leave out Abeer Qassim Hamza al-Janabi thereby continuing the not-so-proud tradition of the New York Times of rendering Abeer invisible .
While this scrubbed version of a Reuters appears on A8 and never manages to mention the victim 's name , flip to A14 and a story on a death sentence and you 'll see both murder victims named .
Some victims matter more to the paper than other victims and , as Carolyn Marshall and Robert F. Worth demonstrated early on , the paper 's goal was to sell 'no crimes took place but , if anything did happen , it was just due to stress . '
Credit to Kristin M. Hall of AP who reported it for what it was "gang rape . "
You say it 's so women in Iraq can vote
from the privacy of their graves .
-- Connie Wanek , " You Say , " Poets Against The War , p . 245
Turning to the United States , war resister Mark Wilkerson 's court-martial took place todayat Fort Hood in Texas .
Shelton Green ( Austin 's KVUE) reports that Wilkerson spent his last night with his wife and family .
Thursday , August 31st , Wilkerson spoke at Camp Casey III -- a press conference -- where he announced his intent to turn himself in after having self-checked out a year and a half ago .
Angela K. Brown ( AP ) reported , " Wilkerson said his views of the war changed and he realized he could no longer stay in the military , so he applied for conscientious objector status .
But his request was denied a month before his unit was to return to Iraq .
He said he was told his appeal would not be considered until after he came back .
So Wilkerson then decided not to return from the two weeks of approved leave before the January 2005 deployment . "
Also on August 31st , As Mark Wilkerson was interviewed by Dennis Bernstein for KPFA 's Flashpoints , discussing the expected charge of desertion , a charge that , if found guilty of , people have been executed for .
Wilkerson discussed serving in Iraq and how his views changed from those he 'd held at 17-years-old .
He attempted to receive c.o . status but his was denied .
He attempted to prepare for the rebuttal process but was informed he 'd be redeploying to Iraq and any rebuttal would have to wait until his second deployment ended .
Wilkerson , in that interview , emphasized how difficult it could be to have access to news becuase not everyone has internet access and , for many , Stars & Stripes is basically it .
Bernstein asked him if he regretted his decision to self-check out ?
Wilkerson responded , " I completely stand by my decision .
For me , this was a time in my life when I decided I had to make a stand regardless of whether [it meant ] prison or death" .
