Wilkerson , Watada , Aguayo , Snyder and Key are Clousing and Wilkerson are a part of movement of resistance within the military that also includes Darrell Anderson , Dean Walcott , Camilo Mejia , Patrick Hart , Ivan Brobeck , Aidan Delgado , Pablo Paredes , Carl Webb , Jeremy Hinzman , Ricky Clousing , Stephen Funk , David Sanders , Dan Felushko , Brandon Hughey , Corey Glass , Clifford Cornell , Joshua Despain , Katherine Jashinski , Chris Teske , Matt Lowell , Jimmy Massey , Tim Richard , Hart Viges , Michael Blake and Kevin Benderman .
In total , thirty-nine US war resisters in Canada have applied for asylum .
As the Cox News Service report indicates , the number of those self-checking out is far greater than the US military admits to. Information on war resistance within the military can be found at Center on Conscience & War , The Objector , The G.I. Rights Hotline , and the War Resisters Support Campaign .
Courage to Resist offers information on all public war resisters .
In the US , the Senate passed ( 50 to 48 ) an ammendment yesterday on Iraq .
As Andrew Ward ( Financial Times of London ) observes that "both houses of Congress must first reconcile their differing bills in conference " and Republican senators dropped their "attempts to remove the nonbinding timeline from a $ 121.6 bn war-funding bill" .
Non-binding once again being the key point .
Robert Knight ( Flashpoints ) yesterday observed that the " Senate bill . . . is even weaker than the House bill since it only expresses the uneforceable goal , but not requirement , that most troops leave Iraq by March 31 , 2008 .
As with the House 's war preservation bill , the Senate version would enable an unknown number of US troops to remain in Iraq beyond April 2008 for counter-insurgency training and security operations . . . .
The final legislation will almost certainly be met with a veto from President Bush . "
[ Note :
Flashpoints can be heard over the airwaves and online at KPFA and KFCF .
Archived broadcasts can be found at Flashpoints and in the KPFA archives .
Yesterday 's snapshot included links to Flashpoints that were wrong .
My apologies for my mistake .
Thanks to Kyle for pointing that out .]
Larry Everest ( CounterPunch ) reminds , " In November , millions voted for the Democrats to protest Bush and the war , and in hopes they would end it .
Today , many -- including people who worked energetically to elect Democrats and who 've been lobbying them to cut off war funding -- feel bitter , betrayed , and outraged .
They should be outraged .
The lesson is not that the Democrats 'sold out ' or are 'spinless . '
The lesson is that the Democrats are a ruling class party ( and this is deeply institutionalized , regardless of the desires or intentions of its supporters or even some elected Democrats ) , acting to advance the interests of a capitalist-imperialist system they 're part of and represent . "
The attempts to trick the people could backfire on the Democrats who see this non-binding , toothless nonsense as a sure vote-getter for 2008 .
As Rebecca ( Sex and Politics and Screeds and Attitude ) argued , this can be a sold as 'victory ' for the GOP come 2008 : "bully boy should sign it into law .
i 'm not in the mind to help bully boy but , seriously , he should do it .
and if the dems do n't offer anything stronger between now and august 2008 , when they start finger pointing , he should say , 'look , i lived up to your bill . ' it wo n't be hard to do .
he 's the 1 who gets to judge if the benchmarks have been met . he can override things by declaring 'national security ' .
the dems , if they offer nothing else , have set their own trap . "
