Tuesday , March 13 , 2007 .
Chaos and violence continue in Iraq , two new polls have bad results for Bully Boy , Nouri al-Maliki begins a whisper campaign to smear a woman , and Dems cave again .
Starting with MADRE 's " Promising Democracy , Imposing Theocracy : Gender-Based Violence and the US War on Iraq " ( which can be read in full in PDF format or , by sections , in HTML ) .
Wednesday , section one ( " Towards Gender Apartheid in Iraq " ) was noted , Thursday , section II , " Iraq 's Other War : Impsoing Theocracy Through Gender-Based . "
Section III is " The Rise of US-Backed Death Squads " was noted Friday , section four , " Violence Against Women Within Families " was noted Monday .
Part five is " Gender War , Civil War , " part six is " Gender-Based Violence Against Men , " and part seven " Violence Against Women in Detention . "
We 're grabbing all three sections today because five and seven fit with something in today 's news .
Due to that , we 'll start with section six .
US tax dollars pay for what in Iraq ?
Homophobia .
( Peter Pace must be so proud . )
Recently , the US military expressed concern over the effects TV 's cess pool 24 was having on US troops .
But what about inside Iraq ?
As the report outlines one of Iraq 's most popular TV shows is Terrorists in the Hands of Justice which -- mini-American Idol -- "airs six nights a week on the Iraqiya television network , which was created by the US Pentagon . "
The show ( "financed with US tax dollars " ) features an interrogation of real prisoners who have the wounds to prove they 've been tortured into confessing -- confessing to whatever the bullies want them to say .
( Bullies , again , paid with US tax dollars . )
So they confess to many things include "gay orgies " -- Sunnis make up the prisoners , interrogators are Shia .
Think the program ( US backed ) does n't create further tensions ( while also marketing and condoning tension ) ?
The report notes that target groups for " torture and killing are lesbian , gay , bisexual , transgender , transsexual , and intersex" .
Those who attempt to receive help or protection realize there is none to be had : " US authorities have responded to Iraqis seeking protection or justice in the wake of homophobic attacks with derision and outright mockery .
The US-backed Iraqi police stand accused of rape and extortion by gay men . " ( Again , Peter Pace must be so proud . )
Now we 're going to combine sections five ( " Gender War , Civil War " ) and six ( "Violence Against Women In Detention " ) .
Here the report addresses the realities of the gender war which is intertwined with the civil war even if the media and others refuse to acknowledge it .
The report notes Haifa Zangana 's research which found that the first question asked of any female taken prisoner in Iraq is " Are you Sunni or Shia ? "
The second ?
" Are you a virgin ? "
The report notes the photos of US troops raping women in Abu Ghraib which the US Congress refused to release .
The photos are noted in the Taguba report but not as rape , as " sex . "
That results from the 2006 US Military Commissions Act .
