Amnesty International is closely monitoring the case of Agustin Aguayo , a US army medic who is scheduled to face a US court-martial on 6 and 7 March in Wurzburg , Germany , for his refusal to deploy to Iraq .
In February 2004 , Agustin Aguayo applied for conscientious objector status .
He says that he began developing doubts about war shortly after enlisting in the army and that he now feels that he cannot participate in any war based on his moral objections to hurting , killing or injuring another person .
Whilst his application was being considered , Agustin Aguayo was order to deploy to Iraq where he received formal notification in July 2004 that his application had been turned down .
The army 's Conscientious Objector Review Board had found that he did not present clear and convincing evidence of his beliefs .
Agustin Aguayo served a year in Iraq where he says he refused to carry a loaded gun .
He says that " I witnessed how soldiers dehumanize the Iraqi people with words and actions .
I saw countless lives which were shortened due to the war .
I still struggle with the senselessness of it all . .
. "
When Agustin Aguayo 's unit was ordered to redeploy to Iraq in September 2006 , he did not report to duty and went absent without leave ( AWOL ) .
He has been charged with desertion and missing movement and is currently held in pre-trial detention at a US military base in Mannheim , Germany .
If convicted on both these charges he could be sentenced to up to 7 years in prison .
Lawyers for Agustin Aguayo filed a write of habeas corpus in US federal court in August 2005 , asking for his honourable discharge from the army as a conscientious objector .
This request was denied and a subsequent appeal turned down .
The judge wrote that " Though Aguayo stated that his Army training caused him anguish and guilt , we find little indication that his beliefs were accompanied by study or contemplation , whether before or after he joined the Army . "
Amnesty International is sending a delegate to observe the court-martial proceedings in Germany next week to learn further details about the case and assess whether Agustin Aguayo would be a prisoner of conscience if convicted and imprisoned .
Speaking with Gillian Russom ( Socialist Worker ) , Helga Aguayo , Agustin 's wife , stated the following on war resisters : " They 're important because they 're taking a stand that all the Americans who are against the war ca n't really take .
They 're making it difficult for the Army to continue their mission .
My husband 's a paramedic , and medics are needed desperately in Iraq .
I think that these soldiers who stand up and say , " I wo n't do it , " are frustrating the plans of these particular units .
It 's important for the antiwar movement to adopt these soldiers and say that this guy has taken a remarkable step .
We need to support him because he 's doing what we would do if we were in his position . "
Meanwhile , US war resister Kyle Snyder was arrested last Friday at the request of the US military who have no jurisidiction in Canada .
Snyder served in Iraq , then self-checked out of the US military and went to Canada .
In October of 2006 , he returned to the United States to and on October 31st , he turned himself in at Fort Knox only to self-check out again the same day ( no , AP , he did not turn himself in during the month of November -- AP seems to have confused Snyder with Ivan Brobeck who turned himself in November 7 , 2006 -- election day ) .
Snyder was arrested the day before his planned wedding ceremony ( the wedding has been rescheduled for this month ) .
The British Columbia police , at the US military 's request , at the residence he shares with Maleah Friesen ( the woman he 'll be marrying this month ) and US war resister Ryan Johnson and Johnson 's wife Jenna .
As Sara Newman ( Canada 's Globe & Mail ) reported , the police showed up at the door , asked for Kyle and when he came to the door in his boxer shorts and robe , they grabbed him and refused to let him either change into some clothes or bring any along with him .
Snyder told Vancouver News : " I could n't believe it could happen that way .
The only thought that was going through my head was I thought Canada was a completely separate country , thought it was a sovereign nation .
I did n't know they took orders from the United States . "
ForLawyers Against the War 's statement click here .
Snyder tells Newman : " Basically the next step is to keep doing what I 'm doing , go on with my life .
I 'm planning on getting married to a very wonderful woman , and I am planning on trying to find the best way to move on with my life . "
Before he decided to return to the US , Kyle enjoyed working with disabled children .
