Anti-war Barack Obama , or more likely , John Edwards--who has apologized for his war vote--will be the Democratic nominee and the next President .
Because Bush 's escalation flies in the face of public opinion--in both the United States and Iraq--he has sunk the chances of the Republican Party in the 2008 election .
All the major Republican candidates--John McCain , Rudy Giuliani , and Mitt Romney--have been forced to endorse the escalation .
Only the courageous Chuck Hagel has criticized the President 's policy , but regrettably he will not survive the Republican primaries because of that stance .
consortium news features the work of robert parry , his sons nat & sam , and many other people .
so make a point to check it out .
and i had more to say , but after the heaton comments , my grandmother called ( 'just to chat ' ) and i 've spent the time since , calling my family and trying to figure out what 's going on .
she does call to 'chat ' from time to time but rarely so late and i tend to worry about her . so if you got lost after heaton and wondered , 'what the hell is rebecca writing about ? ' i was only 1/2 paying attention as i kept calling my family until my uncle , just now , agreed to drive out and check on her .
time for c.i . 's ' Iraq snapshot : '
Wednesday , February 21 , 2007 .
Chaos and violence continue in Iraq , Mr. Tony soaks up headlines with his non-statements , Abeer was gang raped but the same press that could n't mention her name appears too delicate to use the word "gang rape " ( one wire report even uses "assault " to avoid the term "rape " -- such shy maidens ) , the Black Hawk was shot down and it takes the US military the better part of a daily news cycle to come forward with that information , and rape may be the thing that finally gets the puppet pulled from Baghdad as he continues to botch things up .
Starting with Mr. Tony .
Tony Blair , Bully Boy 's lapdog and personal poodle , was hailed during a mini-news cycle for his talk of bringing British troops home .
Now the bloom is off the rose as reality sets in .
AFP and Reuters report that 5,500 British troops will remain in Iraq , as Mr. Tony puts it , " for as long as we are needed . "
Mr. Tony had hoped to use the slight withdrawal as the staging for a series of victory laps as he prepares to step down as prime minister but , as with his earlier plans of how to get slavish praise from the press , it did n't turn out quite the way he wanted .
Mark Rice-Oxley and Dan Murphy ( Christian Science Monitor ) note that it 's only a 25 % withdrawal of British forces from Iraq .
Interviewed by Amy Goodman ( Democracy Now ! ) today , Tony Benn cut through Mr. Tony 's nonsense noting that " there was n't really any change .
But Blair is due to retire in a matter of weeks .
And I 'm afraid , I suspect , that this is a gimmick at this stage , so that he can claim that the mission is being accomplished and , therefore , the troops can be withdrawn .
And on the question of Iran , he repeated ominous warnings .
So I do n't think too much will be read into this . "
Amy Goodman noted : " Here you have Tony Blair just moments ago making this announcement in the House of Commons .
Then you have Cheney speaking on an aircraft carrier near Tokyo , saying the American people will not support a policy of retreat . "
