do we really need to live through that again ?
the left got stuck in defend-clinton mode .
i do n't need the baggage and i do n't need hillary .
she 's offensive on so many levels all by herself but i do n't need the 2 triangulators back in the white house .
i do n't need bill screwing around and getting caught while the whole world stops so we can live out their psycho drama again .
the right wing actually floated the above thoughts some time ago and the reaction was 'that 's so unfair . '
but , seriously , it is fair .
i do n't know what happened with paula jones ( my guess ?
not what she always claimed . ) and could care less about the flowers woman and her dopey audio cassettes .
but i do care that he put himself in the position he did when he had a consensual affair with monica .
not because i 'm a prude but because of all the nonsense that followed .
i 'm not in the mood for more of the same .
while in the white house before , while supposedly happily married , he cheated on his wife and the whole nation had to endure it .
i do n't want him back in the white house .
and hillary 's such a weak ass , i do n't want her in .
( i 'm referring to her positions .
she can be considered 'strong ' if you like war-war-war . )
nader did n't steal an election .
nader did n't defeat al gore .
any votes al gore lost were due to al gore .
al gore needs to own the fact that he ran a lousy campaign and that he is the only reason he 's not in the white house because he refused to fight during the recount .
( bad advice was given , but he 's a big boy and he 's responsible for taking it . )
and i 'm not interested in spending 4 years defending weak asses who stab the left in the back .
i also like how the writer says the lisper spit his words .
he always spits , alterpunk , he 's a lisper .
but if you 're going to see just 1 move , see the nader movie .
it will entertain you and it will inform you . the gore movie is supposed to be wonderful due to its topic but it 's a snooze fest .
gore-bore is on full show because the filmmakers were n't making a movie , they were celebrating al gore .
by the way , bob somerby , when bully boy 's drunken arrest came out in 2000 , right before the election ?
he took a pass on it .
he said it did n't matter .
it did matter .
he was n't a child .
he had 2 degrees . he would run for congress ( while he was still forbidden to drive ) and never tell people , 'less than a year ago , i was convicted of .. . '
he was a grown man . the pattern of deceit came out right then . he lies to voters when he ran for congress and he lied when it came out - claiming the twins had to be protected .
the twins were n't born when he ran for congress .
( he only married laura bush after he declared his run . )
