i think patrick fitzgerald is an idiot .
i do n't car for him .
when he announced libby 's indictment and never followed it up with rove or any 1 else , it was obvious he was too scared to get to the real issues .
libby lied .
bully boy will pardon him .
the excuse will be 'he just lied . ' if fitzgerald had done his job , if he 'd convicted on the outing , a pardon would be harder because the public would really grasp what happened .
now it 's left for congress ( if they have the spine ) to do what fitzgerald was too chicken shit to do - investigate the outing .
so i will highlight robert parry on the topic because i like him but that 's probably it for me and the whole scooter story unless something of interest comes up in the actual story .
at this point , it just bores me and angers me .
and forgive me if i 'm not convinced that dems will follow up on this .
okay , from robert parry 's 'WPost 's Editorial Fantasyland ' ( consortium news ) :
Fred Hiatt 's Washington Post editorial page and George W. Bush 's presidency have a lot in common -- most notably an arrogance of power so extreme that they believe their very words can alter reality .
With Bush , that record has been well established , from asserting that Saddam Hussein never let the U.N. inspectors in to hyping progress in the Iraq War .
But editorial page editor Hiatt -- in league with Post publisher Donald Graham -- is not far behind .
After the conviction of former White House aide I. Lewis " Scooter " Libby for lying about and covering up the Bush administration 's outing of covert CIA officer Valerie Plame , the Post 's lead editorial continues to manufacture a false history of the case , again slamming Plame 's husband , former Ambassador Joseph Wilson .
The real reality of the case is that in 2003 , a hubristic administration sought to damage a critic , Wilson , who had offended Vice President Dick Cheney by accusing the White House of having " twisted " Iraq War intelligence .
The anti-Wilson operation ended up exposing Wilson 's CIA wife .
Then , recognizing the potential criminality -- not to mention the political dangers -- the White House launched a cover-up .
But that is not what the Post 's editorial page wants you to understand .
It pins much of the blame for the scandal on Joe Wilson , whom the Post says " will be remembered as a blowhard . "
The Post also distorts Wilson 's statements in a way that parrots long-discredited White House talking points .
tired so i 'll stop with c.i . 's ' Iraq snapshot : '
Wednesday , March 7 , 2007 .
Chaos and violence continue in Iraq , pilgrims continue to be targeted ; a US war resister was sentenced to 8 months yesterday ; in Santa Barbara , JROTC out and The Peace Academy ; 3 US service members die ; and MADRE charts the violence against Iraqi women .
Starting with news of war resistance .
Yesterday , in Germany , Agustin Aguayo was court-martialed and sentenced .
Agustin Aguayo served in Iraq as a medic and attempted to be granted c.o . status .
As the military repeatedly refused to do so .
Bertrand Benoit ( Financial Times of London ) notes " Aguayo , a US citizen born in Mexico who enlisted in 2002 , had twice failed to obtain an honorable discharge as a conscientious objector and refused to load his weapon while on his first tour to Iraq . "
That count fails to factor in the civilian court attempts .
As his case was winding through the civilian courts and as the military threatened to drag him to Iraq in chains and handcuffs , Agustin Aguayo self-checked out -- September 2nd through September 26th .
Reuters notes : " A deserter is defined by the U.S. Department of Defense as a member of the armed forces who is absent from their unit or post without authorization , quits their unit to avoid duty or enlists improperly in another service .
It can also apply to people who are absent without leave for 30 straight days or more . "
Obviously , Aguayo was not absent without leave for 30 or more days .
The 30 days is a rule of thumb and not etched in stone .
However , the military elected to toss that standard out the window .
