meanwhile it looks like the white house plan to pin the blame on harriet miers ( who left the white house and went back to texas early this year ) will not work .
cnn reports :
Newly revealed White House e-mails show President Bush 's top political adviser , Karl Rove , and then-White House Counsel Alberto Gonzales were involved in discussions of a shakeup of U.S. attorneys before Gonzales became attorney general .
A January 9 , 2005 e-mail discussing the prospect of replacing all 93 U.S. attorneys in Bush 's second term noted Gonzales aide Kyle Sampson discussed the matter with his boss " a couple of weeks ago . "
Gonzales was facing Senate confirmation as attorney general at the time .
Sampson 's e-mail came in response to a forwarded message originally from another White House aide , Colin Newman .
Newman wrote that Rove had asked "how we were going to proceed regarding U.S. attorneys , whether we were going to allow all to stay , request resignations from all and accept only some of them or selectively replace them , etc . "
The White House said the idea for sacking federal prosecutors in Bush 's second term came from former White House Counsel Harriet Miers , who wanted "new blood " in those offices .
Miers became White House counsel after Gonzales moved to the attorney general 's office .
But the e-mails " show conclusively that Karl Rove was in the middle of this mess from the beginning , " Sen. Charles Schumer , D-New York , told reporters -- an assertion the White House disputed .
the conspiracy continues to unravel .
now it 's time for c.i . 's ' Iraq snapshot : '
Thursday , March 15 , 2007 .
Chaos and violence continue , the US military announces the deaths of more US service members , Hillary Clinton gives bad press , and the Senate says "no " and the House says "yes . "
Starting with news of war resistance .
Dean Kuipers ( LA City Beat ) examines the war resistance within the military and notes AWOL figures (8,000 since the start of the illegal war according the US Defense Department ) , desertion figures ( 40,000 since 2000 ) and that : " Several hundred of those soldiers have fled to Canada , according to unconfirmed reports , but only a few have identified themselves and thus face prosecution . "
On the issue of the sentencing of war resisters who go public , attorney Jim Feldman , who represents Agustin Aguayo among others , sees the sentencing as encouraging , noting that , " People who really are sincere , the Army judges are not going to come down hard on 'em .
The judges seem to recognize that as a mitigating circumstance . "
Agustin Aguayo 's recent court-martial in Germany found him sentenced to eight months and the time he had been in custory already ( since turning himself in at the end of September 2006 ) was credited to his sentence .
Iraq Veterans Against the War 's Kelly Dougherty shares her view with Kupier , " At the same time , I think they are taking a tough stand because eight months in prison is still a long time in prison , especially for refusing to serve in a war because your conscience says it 's wrong to kill people , or because you reel that this particular war is illegal .
They could certainly be prosecuting people more .
But the sentences that they are giving are being handed down as a message to others serving in the military not to apply for CO status and not to refuse to go to Iraq . "
