Moving to the lies of an illegal war , last Thursday , on Flashpoints , Dennis Bernstein interviewed Peter Eisner -- deputy foreign editor of the Washington Post and co-auther with Knut Royce of The Italian Letter : How the Bush Administration Used a Fake Letter to Build the Case for War in Iraq .
As Rebecca noted last week , Bernstein and Eisner discussed the false claim by the Bully Boy that Saddam Hussein was seeking yellow cake from Niger .
To back and give the briefest overview , one of the lies the US administration used to scare a nation into war was the repeated use of "mushroom cloud " ( Condi , Bully ) and the claims that Saddam Hussein was reconstituting nuclear programs , biological weaponry , WMDs , blah , blah , blah .
In 2004 , Joe Wilson began discussing his earlier trip to Niger .
He was sent by the CIA to check the validity of a claim coming from Italian intelligence that Hussein was attempting to purchase yellow cake uranium ( which would then be used in nukes -- according to the lie ) .
Wilson went , found no proof of the claim .
( The claim was false from the start . )
As the falsehood continued to be repeated , Wilson spoke with Nicholas Kristof ( New York Times ) who penned a column .
Eventually , Wilson would write " What I Did n't Find In Africa " for the New York Times .
Elements in the White House became nervous as Wilson was speaking the truth and an effort was made to send a message .
Hence the floating of Valerie Plame 's name .
Plame is married to Wilson , she was a covert CIA agent .
The US administration elected to out her as part of their petty war on the truth .
To be clear , that is my summary of the events .
For Eisner 's thoughts and summary of the events , listen to the interview .
( Community members who signed up for Hilda 's Brew can read a transcript of it by checking their inboxes . )
Two points from the interview that we 'll note here :
1 ) On the chances that the steps to the illegal war can be unraveled publicly
Peter Eisner : And there are lower ranking people that have stepped foward , many other are bureacrats that . . .
fear for their jobs or fear that their lives would be made difficult by stepping forward .
But even someone like [former CIA director ] George Tenent , interesting case , he 's also about to come out with a book .
His book has been stopped up in CIA vetting for months and one would think maybe that at the end of the vetting process , he might be toning down some of the other things that he might otherwise be able to say about the Bush administration 's march towards war .
He , because of CIA rules , he ca n't speak out openly without getting CIA approval on what he says in his book .
So there are many people that are capable of speaking and will speak especially if they 're placed under subpoena and required to speak .
Remember that during the Iran-Contra period people were called before Congress and ended up , as you and I well remember , talking about an off the shelf operation which basically was an extra-Constitutional to try to do . . .
what needed to be done to win support for the Contras and deal with Iran at the same time .
Some of the same players are still in place .
Cheney among them .
So there are chances to get people to speak , Royce and I did n't have the ability to go beyond those who were brave enough to speak , but under subpoena more people would speak .
