March 1 , 2007 .
Chaos and violence continues in Iraq , Sara Rich continues fighting for her daughter , the US military is obsessed with Kyle Snyder , and Walter Reed Medical Center was such a disaster that Joyce Rumsfeld was raising flags ( wife of Donald Rumsfeld ) .
On NPR 's Morning Edition today , it was noted that month of February started as ended -- with bombings of Iraqi markets .
AFP notes the (undercount ) by the Iraqi ministries of February deaths -- 1,646 -- and notes that the hard-sell is "down eight percent " from January but the reality is " [t]he figure is still vastly higher , however , than the 548 people killed in February 2006" .
The month was also marked by rapes .
Dahr Jamail and Ali al-Fadhily ( IPS) examine the reaction ( or Nouri al-Maliki 's non-reaction ) to the gang rape of Sabrine al-Janabi , the 20 year-old woman who came forward last week , as well as the 50-year-old woman that followed her -- both women were gang-raped by Iraqi security forces and Ahmed Mukhtar tells IPS , " The Iraqi police are following the examples of those who trained them .
American soldiers did it more than a thousand times and got away with it .
They sentenced that soldier who killed Abeer after rpaing her with a hundred years imprisonment , but we Iraqis are not fools , and we know he will be on parole sooner than he hopes . "
Dahr spoke with Nora Barrows-Friedman about this topic on KPFA 's Flashpoints Tuesday and noted that the rapes are receiving more media attention in the Arab world than in the US media .
If the goal is to uninform the American public , corporate media take your bow .
Turning to the topic of war resisters , Jessica Hegdahl (UCD Advocate ) references MLK ( " War is a poor chisel for carving out a peaceful future . " )
and sees the continuation of peace in Ehren Watada : " There 's a radical solution to the problem of Iraq .
It lies in the simple observation that 'to stop an illegal and unjust war , the soldiers can choose to stop fighting it . '
These words were spoken by Lt . Ehren Watada , the first commissioned officer to resist deployment to Iraq , facing up to four years in jail .
Every soldier , commissioned or enlisted , who opposes the war in Iraq must eventually decide between his conscience and his orders .
When your country is ordering you to complete an illegal and immoral act , are you not obliged to refuse ?
It would be far better for the members of our military to refuse to deploy , face imprisonment or other punishment , than to obey their contracts with the United States military , which allow for the killing of innocent Iraqis . "
Ehren Watada , in June of last year , became the first officer to refuse to deploy to Iraq .
A three-day court-martial took place at the start of this month but Judge Toilet called a mistrial over the objections of the defense and , last Friday , the military refiled charges against him .
Gregg K. Kakesako ( Honolulu Star-Bulletin ) reports that the pretrial motions are currently set for May 20th with the court-martial scheduled " for July 16-20 . "
Justin Ward ( Austin Chronicle ) weighs in on war resister Mark Wilkerson who was court-martialed and sentenced last Thursday ( to seven months in prison ) and notes that Ann Wright ( " a former Army colonel and State Department official who resigned in protest of the Iraq war " ) spoke to a gathering of Wilkerson supporters the Wednesday before his court-martial : " They are the ones that are willing to put their bodies on the line -- not on the line for murdering or criminal activity but on the line for conscience and morality and to hold accountable an administration that is putting our nation at risk . "
