My position is that on November the 11th , the Democrats were voted into office as the majority to do bold actions to bring our troops home .
And I just do n't believe that this supplemental does enough .
It is $ 100 billion more to pay for the President 's surge for his escalation of this war .
There are virtually no enforcement measures in this legislation that will make the President do anything that we 're telling him to do .
Of course , we want our troops trained , ready and rested , but guess what , he gets to waive all of that .
And in each one of the benchmarks , needs to have -- if the benchmarks had good solid enforcement , I 'd be more than glad to bring -- I would hope we 'd bring the troops home date in sooner , but I 'd go all the way to August if I thought what we were doing had enforcement .
What I would rather we do is spend this money to keep our troops safe , escalate our training of the Iraqi security , and then bring our troops home so they can be home by Christmas with their families .
But more important than that amendment , there should be stronger enforcement in the bill , so that each step along the way , where we 're saying to the President , one , the troops have to be trained , rested and equipped -- we should n't be giving him waivers .
He can waive those , and he will .
Then , when we say at each date certain that we want the benchmarks -- we 're going to measure the benchmarks that the President has set and that the Iraqi government is supposed to have met , when they have n't met those benchmarks , there is nothing in there that says , " And now , here 's what we 're going to do : we 're going to sequester the money , we 're going to now put that money in place to bring our troops home , because obviously the Iraqi government is n't living up to the benchmarks . "
And then , when we get to the end of August 2008 and the war is still going on , we 're going to say to the President , " Alright , now you have to bring them home . "
The only way we can force him to do that in this bill is to sue him .
We 'll return to WalkOn shortly ; however , on Morning Edition , David Welna reported on (among other things ) the 20+ CODEPINK activists who chanted in the House of Representatives dining hall yesterday " Do n't Buy Bush 's war ! " and spoke with Medea Benjamin who explained , " We think that if the Democrats spend another $ 100 billion on this war , it 's basically their war .
They ca n't keep blaming Bush .
So we 're saying if you buy it , you own it ; do n't buy it ! "
Returning to the issue of WalkOn.org ,
Danny Schechter ( News Dissector ) notes : " The biased 'poll ' that MoveOn emailed to its 3.2 million subscribers read like a Soviet ballot .
How many of the 3.2 million subscribers MoveOn claims even voted in this slanted survey ?
A tiny minority , I 'm sure , although MoveOn has not responded to my request for that information .
Many liberal strategists inside the Beltway believe that what the House leadership is doing is smart and practical politics .
In fact , it 's power politics of the worst sort , a cynical ' Let It Bleed ' strategy that abandons efforts to half the war and is geared toward getting Democrats elected in 2008 by continuing to blame the continuing war on the Republicans . "
John Stauber ( PR Watch via Common Dreams ) notes the figure that voted in the poll : " Yesterday MoveOn misleadingly claimed that the results from their recent member survey showed overwhelming support for House Speaker Nancy Pelosi 's bill on Iraq .
' The results are in from our poll on whether to support Speaker Pelosi 's proposal on Iraq : 84.6 % of MoveOn members voted to support the bill , ' according to MoveOn .
However , this claim flunks the smell test and is far far from accurate .
MoveOn is engaging that oldest of PR games known as 'lies , damned lies and statistics . '
The truth is that 96 % of MoveOn 's 3.2 million members did not even bother to vote in their member survey .
Most of MoveOn 's members probably ignored and failed to open the email , since nothing in the subject line indicated it was particularly important .
MoveOn informed this reporter that about 126,000 people voted in what I pointed out to them was a very biased pro-Pelosi poll .
The MoveOn question essentially provided a choice of Pelosi and peace ( Yes ) , or Republicans and war ( No ) .
Gee , guess how that one gets answered ?
The real news is that 96 % of MoveOn 's huge list did not vote with them to support the Pelosi bill .
When MoveOn says 84.6 % of their members chose Pelosi 's bill , they mean 86.4 % of the measly four percent of their members who bothered to open their email and respond .
A polling of members in which 96 % do not vote is no polling at all . "
To repeat , the 126,000 figure was noted on page A14 of Tuesday 's New York Times .
