As Mike noted Friday , The Pooper was crowing about how he was the first to cover the timid group -- as though that 's something to be proud of ?
-- but the reality is many others ( including Nora Barrows-Friedman , that 's Law & Disorder ) had covered it long before the Pooper did .
Today , Jon Cohen ( Washington Post ) reports on the paper 's most recent joint-poll ( with ABC ) which found that respondes favored " Congressional Democrats over Bush to handle the situation in Iraq by a 54 percent to 34 percent margine " ; however , there was also " a five-point increase in the number who trust neither the Democrats in Congress nor the President on the issue " .
This as Jeff Leys ( CounterPunch ) reports on how Dems in Congress "are buying the Iraq war lock , stock and barrel .
Indeed , fewer votes may be cast against continuing Iraq war funding this year than last " .
The five-point increase in the Washington Post - ABC poll could increase next go round if Democrats do not start recognizing what 's gone on around the country .
As Amy Goodman ( Democracy Now ! ) noted , " In Election news , five peace activists were arrested on Friday at a fundraiser for Hillary Clinton in San Francisco .
They held banners that said ' We Need a Peace Presidet ' and ' Hillary , Stop Funding War '. "
The Occupation Project -- where citizens visit and sit in at the offices of their elected representiatives -- is currently going on throughout the country and you can click here for more information .
Meanwhile Margaret Taley ( AP ) reports that Dems in the US Congress are feeling boxed in by the meaningless , marketed phrase that was created to clampdown on dissent but silly fools thought that adding " We " in front of it would 'frame ' it .
Meanwhile , as Molly Hennessy-Fiske ( Los Angeles Times ) reports , US Secretary of State ( and Anger ) Condi " Rice spoke out Sunday against efforsts in Congress to limit the role of U.S. forces in Iraq , saying President Bush would not allow himself to be constrained by such a 'micromanagement of military affairs ' . "
Congress , of course , has the right , power and duty to oversee the Iraq war ( and bring an end to it ) .
But Rice is fully aware that on the chat & chews she can say whatever she wants and get away with it .
It 's only when called to testify under oath that things get ugly .
All together now , " I believe the title was , ' Bin Laden Determined to Attack Inside the United States ' . "
Turning from " No one could have guessed " Condi to Ahnold , Peter Nicholas ( Los Angeles Times ) notes that Republican governor of California , Arnold Schwarzenegger , spoke with Bob Schieffer on CBS ' Face the Nation yesterday where he "reiterated . . .
that the U.S. needs to set clear timelines for bringing troops home , lest Iraq devolve into a quagmire with no end in sight . "
Also appearing on Face the Nation ( PDF format warning ) was 2008 Democratic presidential hopeful John Edwards who stated , " I think the Congress should use its authority , its funding authority to bring down the troop level an initial 40- to 50,000 out of Iraq , and continue to use that authority to redeploy troops out of Iraq over the next year or so . "
Also , on the issue of those , such as Hillary Clinton , who cannot or will not apologize for their 2002 vote that led to the illegal war , Edwards declared : "I--I think that there are two issues .
One is what the situation -- difficult situation we 're in , in Iraq now , what 's the right and responsible course , and telling the American people and the world , for that matter , the truth about that .
I also think it 's important for those of us who were responsible for voting on the resolution in 2002 to say whatever the truth is for us about that vote .
For those who voted for it , including me , if we believe we were wrong -- and I believe I was -- I think it 's important to be honest about that and to say it .
But I think that 's an individual decision to be made by those who were responsible . "
