Saturday , March 10
8 pm
Readings from Voices of a People 's History of the United States
The Great Hall , Cooper Union
NYC
as part of the Left Forum 2007
Free for conference participants and the general public .
With performances by Staceyann Chin , Deepa Fernandes , Brian Jones , Erin Cherry ,
Najla Said , Mario A. Murrillo , and other special guests .
Narration and introduction by Amy Goodman , host of Democracy Now ! and
Anthony Arnove ( who , with Howard Zinn , authored
Voices of a People 's History of the United States )
Sunday , March 11
10 am
" Iraq : What 's at Stake ? "
Cooper Union
NYC
Left Forum 2007
Panelists : Anthony Arnove , Christian Parenti , AK Gupta , Nir Rosen , and Gilbert Achcar .
Wednesday , March 14
7:00 pm
" Friendly Fire : An Independent Journalist 's Story on Being Abducted in Iraq ,
Rescued , and Shot by U.S. Forces "
Judson Church
55 Washington Square South
NYC
featuring : Giulian Sgrena the Il Manifesto journalist and author of Friendly Fire who was abudcted in Iraq , rescued by Italian security forces only to be shot at ( Nicola Calipari would die from the gun fire ) by US forces while en route to the Baghdad Airport ; Amy Goodman and the Center for Constitutional Rights ' executive director Vince Warren .
Sgrena is calling for the Pentagon to take responsibility for the shooting .
Yesterday , in the United States , Democrats in the US House and Senate unveiled their plans for Iraq .
Michael Rowland ( AM , Australia 's ABC ) explains the House legislation : " Democrats have been talking about setting a troop withdrawal deadline ever since opposition to the war swept them to power in last year 's congressional elections .
Today they bit the bullet , unveiling legislation that sets down actual dates . . . .
The legislation sets out a set of benchmarks that must be met in Iraq in the coming year .
They 're mainly to do with quelling the sectarian violence on the streets of Baghdad , the very objective of the president 's plan to send an extra 22,000 US troops to Iraq .
The House of Representatives speaker , Nancy Pelosi , says the strategy will be given time to work .
But she warns the troop withdrawal will be fast-tracked if the re-enforcements fail to make any difference . "
John Nichols ( The Nation ) , picking up at the benchmarks : " If those benchmarks remain unmet , a slow process of extracting troops would begin under the plan favored by House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D-California , Wisconsin 's David Obey and Pennsylvania 's John Murtha , the chair and defense subcommittee chair respectively of the appropriations committee ; and Missouri 's Ike Skelton , who chairs the armed services committee .
The fact that Democratic leaders are talking about attempting to impose a timeline for withdrawal is good .
It puts the opposition party in a position of actually opposing an unpopular president 's exceptionally unpopular policies .
Unfortunately , because the president wants to maintain the occupation on his terms , Bush can be counted on to veto legislation establishing benchmarks and a timeline .
So the Democrats find themselves in a difficult position .
They plan to expend immense time and energy -- and perhaps even a small measure of political capital -- to promote a withdrawal strategy .
Yet , the strategy they are promoting is unlikely to excite Americans who want this war to end .
In other words , while Pelosi and her compatriots propose to fight for a timeline , it is not the right timeline . "
